TICKER: IRWD
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, and that each of our collaboration partners are in a position to manage the supply and distribution of linaclotide in their respective territories through a combination of contract manufacturers and in-house manufacturing capabilities. Linaclotide production consists of three phases—manufacture of the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API (sometimes referred to as drug substance), manufacture of finished drug product and manufacture of finished goods. We and/or our partners have commercial supply agreements with multiple third-party manufacturers for the production of linaclotide API. We believe the current commercial suppliers have the capabilities to produce linaclotide API in accordance with current good manufacturing practices, or GMP, on a sufficient scale to meet the worldwide development and commercial needs for linaclotide. The commercial suppliers of linaclotide API are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies worldwide and also undergo periodic audit and certification by our partners’ or our own quality department. Each of AbbVie, Astellas and AstraZeneca is responsible for linaclotide API, finished drug product and finished goods manufacturing (including bottling and packaging) and distributing the finished goods to wholesalers in its respective territories. 10 Table of Contents Prior to linaclotide, there was no precedent for long-term room temperature shelf storage formulation for an orally dosed peptide to be produced in millions of capsules per year. Our efforts to date have led to formulations that are both cost effective and able to meet the stability requirements for commercial pharmaceutical products. Apraglutide We do not currently own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or, if approved, commercial quantities of apraglutide. We design and develop the manufacturing process for apraglutide together with contract development and manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs. We utilize these CDMOs to manufacture apraglutide for human use. Although we intend to rely on third-party CDMOs to produce apraglutide, we have personnel with experience managing third-party CDMOs producing apraglutide in clinical or commercial quantities. Our clinical trials of apraglutide currently use the product in the form of a lyophilized powder in vial that is solubilized and reconstituted with a diluent prior to injection. We are also evaluating novel drug product presentations for further development, with the goal of providing increased patient convenience and increased simplicity of the dosing and self-injection. Sales and Marketing For the foreseeable future, in the U.S., we intend to develop and commercialize LINZESS with our partner, AbbVie, and apraglutide, if approved, alone. In territories outside the U.S., we expect to rely on partners to develop and commercialize our products and product candidates. In executing our strategy, our goal is to retain oversight over the worldwide development and commercialization of our products by playing an active role in their commercialization or finding partners who share our vision, values, culture and processes. We and/or our partners have core commercial capabilities in place, including marketing, patient engagement and key sales support roles. We are also coordinating efforts with our linaclotide partners to launch and maintain an integrated, global linaclotide brand. By leveraging the knowledge base and expertise of our experienced commercial team and the insights of each of our linaclotide commercialization partners, we continually improve our collective marketing strategies. We continue to plan for a potential commercial launch of apraglutide, if successfully developed and approved, in the U.S. and with partners in territories outside the U.S. For example, we granted AKP an exclusive license to sublicense, develop, commercialize and exploit products derived from apraglutide in Japan. We are considering potential partnerships in other territories outside the U.S. Patents and Proprietary Rights We actively seek to protect the proprietary technology that we consider important to our business, including pursuing patents that cover our products, compositions, and formulations, their methods of use and the processes for their manufacture, as well as any other relevant inventions and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets that may be important to the development of our business. Our success will depend significantly on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for the technology, inventions and improvements we consider important to our business; defend our patents; preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; and operate without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the date of filing the non-provisional application. We expect to apply, and have applied, for patent term extension in countries where it is available. Linaclotide Patent Portfolio After the recent expiration of a number of patents in our linaclotide patent portfolio, our linaclotide patent portfolio is currently composed of 11 patents in the U.S., including 7 U.S. patents listed in the U.S. FDA publication, 11 Table of Contents Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, or the Orange Book, four granted European patents, most of which have been validated in available European countries, ten granted Japanese patents,  a granted Chinese patent, 46 issued patents in other foreign jurisdictions, and numerous pending U.S., foreign and Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, patent applications. We and our partners own, either jointly or individually, all of the issued patents and pending applications. The issued, unexpired U.S. patents, which will expire between 2026 and 2033, contain claims directed to the linaclotide molecule, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, methods of using linaclotide to treat GI disorders, and room temperature stable formulations of linaclotide and methods of use thereof. Linaclotide, the active ingredient in the 72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg LINZESS doses, is covered by a composition of matter patent in the U.S., which recently received pediatric exclusivity, and now expires in 2027. In addition, the commercial formulations of the 72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg LINZESS doses are covered by patents in the U.S. that expire in the early 2030s. The granted, unexpired European patents, which will expire between 2027 and 2031, some of which have received patent term extension, contain claims directed to the linaclotide molecule, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, uses of linaclotide to prepare medicaments for treating GI disorders, and room temperature stable formulations of linaclotide and their use in treating IBS-C and chronic constipation. The granted, unexpired Chinese patent, which will expire in 2029, the granted Japanese patents, which will expire between 2026 and 2036, some of which are subject to granted and potential patent term extension, and the granted patents in other foreign jurisdictions, which will expire between 2026 and 2031, some of which may be subject to potential patent term extension, contain claims directed to the linaclotide molecule, pharmaceutical compositions of linaclotide for use in treating GI disorders, and room temperature stable formulations of linaclotide. We have pending patent applications in certain countries worldwide that, if issued, will expire between 2029 and 2045 and which include claims covering the linaclotide molecule, methods of using linaclotide to treat GI disorders, the current commercial formulations of linaclotide and uses thereof to treat GI disorders and delayed release and other potential formulations of linaclotide. The patent term of a patent that covers a U.S. FDA approved drug is also eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term extension as compensation for some of the patent term lost during the U.S. FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of a single patent applicable to an approved drug for up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent, but the extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval by the U.S. FDA. The United States Patent and Trademark Office has issued a Certificate of Patent Term Extension for U.S. Patent 7,304,036, which covers linaclotide and methods of use thereof. As a result, the patent term of this patent was extended to August 30, 2026, 14 years from the date of linaclotide’s approval by the U.S. FDA. Similar provisions are available in Europe and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. We have received patent term extensions in Japan for several of our linaclotide patents. We have also received patent term extensions, called supplementary protection certificates, for certain linaclotide patents from several national patent offices in Europe.  In addition, in October 2025, the U.S. FDA granted us a pediatric exclusivity for studies conducted on linaclotide, which extended the patent term of U.S. Patent 7,304,036 by six months to February 28, 2027, as well as extending the patent term of the remaining Orange Book listed patent by six months. We and AbbVie received Paragraph IV certification notice letters regarding abbreviated new drug applications, or ANDAs, submitted to the U.S. FDA by five generic drug manufacturers requesting approval to engage in commercial manufacture, use, sale and offer for sale of linaclotide capsules (72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg), proposed generic versions of LINZESS. All five manufacturers requested approval for their 145 mcg and 290 mcg generic doses of LINZESS and two requested additional approval for their 72 mcg generic doses of LINZESS. We and AbbVie have entered into settlement agreements with all five of these generic drug manufacturers providing for licenses to market their 72 mcg (if applicable), 145 mcg and 290 mcg generic versions of LINZESS, beginning as early as March 2029 (subject to U.S. FDA Approval), unless certain limited circumstances, customary for settlement agreements of this nature, occur. Apraglutide Patent Portfolio Our apraglutide patent portfolio includes a patent family which we exclusively license that is composed of one issued U.S. patent and 58 foreign patents. This patent family contains composition-of-matter claims covering apraglutide and methods of treatment using apraglutide. The patents in this patent family that we exclusively license outside of the 12 Table of Contents U.S. are issued in Europe, Japan, China, Australia, Canada, as well as other jurisdictions. The issued European patent is validated and issued in 37 countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy and Spain. Not accounting for any patent term adjustment, regulatory patent term extensions or terminal disclaimers, and assuming that all annuity and/or maintenance fees are paid timely, the patents in this patent family are expected to expire in 2030. Our apraglutide portfolio also includes five wholly owned patent families. The first patent family includes two granted U.S. patent and five pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, as well as 2 granted patents and 16 pending foreign patent applications related to apraglutide. One of the granted U.S. patents in this patent family claims a method of treating SBS at certain doses of apraglutide, and the other claims a liquid formulation of apraglutide for injection.  The pending U.S. and foreign patent applications contain composition-of-matter claims to ultrapure compositions of apraglutide, methods of manufacturing apraglutide, and methods of treatment using apraglutide. Not accounting for any patent term adjustment, regulatory patent term extensions or terminal disclaimers, and assuming that all annuity and/or maintenance fees are paid timely, the U.S. patent, as well as patents granted from the pending U.S and foreign patent applications, would be expected to expire in 2041. The second patent family which we wholly own includes one granted European patent which has been validated in Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy and Spain, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications and 13 pending foreign patent applications related to methods of treating acute Graft versus Host Disease, or aGvHD, using apraglutide. Not accounting for any patent term adjustment, regulatory patent term extension or terminal disclaimers, and assuming that all annuity and/or maintenance fees are paid timely, the granted European patent and any U.S. and foreign patents granted from the pending patent applications would be expected to expire in 2042. We also have two additional patent families related to methods of treating SBS using apraglutide and one patent family related to methods of treating aGvHD with a combination of apraglutide and ruxolitinib.  If granted, these patent applications will expire in 2045. Government Regulation Our business is subject to government regulation in the U.S., E.U., and in other countries. The U.S. FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and other regulatory authorities have very broad enforcement authority and failure to abide by applicable regulatory requirements can result in administrative or judicial sanctions being imposed on us, including warning letters, refusals of government contracts, clinical holds, civil penalties, injunctions, restitution, disgorgement of profits, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, withdrawal of approval, refusal to approve pending applications, and civil or criminal prosecution. Within the U.S., in addition to the U.S. FDA, numerous federal, state and local authorities have jurisdiction over, or enforce laws related to, such activities, including the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, Centers of Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, the U.S. Department of Justice, state Attorneys General, state departments of health and state pharmacy boards. U.S. FDA Approval Process In the U.S., pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. FDA. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and other federal and state statutes and regulations, as well as similar foreign regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-marketing requirements and assessments, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, pricing reimbursement and import and export of pharmaceutical products. No company may market a new drug in the U.S. until it has submitted an NDA to the U.S. FDA, and the U.S. FDA has approved it. The steps required before the U.S. FDA may approve an NDA generally include: ● conducting non-clinical laboratory tests and other studies in compliance with U.S. FDA’s good laboratory practice, or GLP, requirements; ● design of a clinical protocol and submission to the U.S. FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trial may begin; 13 Table of Contents ● approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before each clinical trial may be initiated; ● development, manufacture and testing of active pharmaceutical product and dosage forms suitable for human use in compliance with current GMP; ● conducting adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials that establish the safety and efficacy of the product for its specific intended use(s), in accordance with good clinical practices, or GCP; ● preparation and submission to the U.S. FDA of an NDA; ● review of the NDA by a U.S. FDA advisory committee, where applicable; ● satisfactory completion of one or more U.S. FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current GMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product’s identity, strength, quality and purity; ● satisfactory completion of any U.S. FDA inspections of non-clinical and clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GLP and GCP requirements; ● payment of user fees pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, and securing U.S. FDA approval of the NDA to allow marketing of the new drug product; and ● compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, and any post-approval studies required by the U.S. FDA. Non-clinical tests include laboratory evaluation of the product candidate, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The conduct of the non-clinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLP. With passage of the U.S. FDA’s Modernization Act 2.0 in December 2022, Congress eliminated provisions in the FDCA that required animal testing in support of an NDA. In April 2025, the U.S. FDA released a roadmap to replace animal testing in preclinical safety studies with scientifically validated new approach methodologies, such as organ-on-a-chip systems, computational modeling, and advanced in vitro assays. We must submit the results of the non-clinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and a proposed clinical trial protocol to the U.S. FDA as part of an IND, which must become effective before we may commence human clinical trials in the U.S. The IND will automatically become effective 30 days after its receipt by the U.S. FDA, unless the U.S. FDA raises concerns or questions before that time about the conduct of the proposed trial. In such a case, we must work with the U.S. FDA to resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can proceed. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the U.S. FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that will cause us or the U.S. FDA to modify, suspend or terminate such trials. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an IRB, for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB requirements or if the trial has been associated with unexpected serious harm to subjects. An IRB may also impose other conditions on the trial. For studies conducted outside of the U.S., similarly, we are subject to local regulations which may differ from the U.S. and local regulations must be followed appropriately. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data monitoring committee. This group may recommend continuation of the trial as planned, changes in trial conduct, or cessation of the trial at designated checkpoints based on access to certain data from the trial. Clinical trials involve the administration of the product candidate to humans under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control. Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, though the phases may overlap or be combined. In Phase I, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects, the drug is usually tested for safety (adverse effects), dosage tolerance and 14 Table of Contents pharmacologic action, as well as to understand how the drug is taken up by and distributed within the body. Phase II usually involves studies in a limited patient population (individuals with the disease under study) to: ● evaluate preliminarily the efficacy of the drug for specific, targeted conditions; ● determine dosage tolerance and appropriate dosage as well as other important information about how to design larger Phase III clinical trials; and ● identify possible adverse effects and safety risks. Phase III clinical trials further evaluate clinical efficacy and test for safety within an expanded patient population. The conduct of clinical trials is subject to extensive regulation, including compliance with GCP regulations and guidance, and regulations designed to protect the rights and safety of subjects involved in investigations. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the U.S. FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. In addition, IND safety reports must be submitted to the U.S. FDA for any of the following: serious and unexpected suspected adverse reactions; findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk to humans exposed to the product; and any clinically important increase in the case of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The U.S. FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCPs, and the integrity of the clinical data submitted. In December 2025, the U.S. FDA released final guidance outlining its processes and practices applicable to bioresearch monitoring inspections. The U.S. FDA may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with U.S. FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. We may also suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds. Sponsors of clinical trials of certain U.S. FDA-regulated products, including prescription drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on a public registry maintained by the National Institutes of Health. The failure to submit clinical trial information to clinicaltrials.gov is a prohibited act under the FDCA with violations subject to potential civil monetary penalties, injunctions and/or criminal prosecution or disqualification from federal grants. Although the U.S. FDA has historically not enforced these reporting requirements, the U.S. FDA has issued several notices of non-compliance to manufacturers since April 2021. While these notices of non-compliance did not result in civil monetary penalties, the failure to submit clinical trial information to clinicaltrials.gov, as required, is a prohibited act under the FDCA with violations subject to potential civil monetary penalties of up to $10,000 for each day of the violation. The results of the non-clinical studies and clinical trials, together with other detailed information, including the manufacture and composition of the product candidate, are submitted to the U.S. FDA in the form of an NDA requesting approval to market the drug. The U.S. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. If the NDA contains all pertinent information and data, the U.S. FDA will “file” the application and begin review. In the event it does not, the U.S. FDA will issue a “refuse-to-file” determination and request additional information before filing the NDA. U.S. FDA reviews an NDA pursuant to certain timelines and goals established by the PDUFA.  The review process, however, may be extended by U.S. FDA requests for additional information, non-clinical or clinical studies, clarification regarding information already provided in the submission, or submission of a REMS. The U.S. FDA may refer an application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The U.S. FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. Before approving an NDA, the U.S. FDA will typically inspect the facilities at which the product candidate is manufactured and will not approve the product candidate unless current GMP compliance is satisfactory. The U.S. FDA also typically inspects facilities responsible for performing animal testing, as well as clinical investigators who participate in clinical trials. The U.S. FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional testing or information. If the U.S. FDA decides not to approve an NDA, it will issue a Complete Response Letter outlining the deficiencies in the application and need for additional data and information.  While Complete 15 Table of Contents Response Letters were previously treated by the U.S. FDA as confidential and were only disclosed in action packages for approved products, the U.S. FDA announced in September 2025 that it will release Complete Response Letters promptly after they are issued to sponsors. Since that announcement, the U.S. FDA has posted a number of Complete Response Letters on its website. If the U.S. FDA approves an NDA, it may also limit the indications for use and/or require post marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of a product. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and our product candidates may not be approved on a timely basis, if at all. The time and expense required to perform the clinical testing necessary to obtain U.S. FDA approval for regulated products can frequently exceed the time and expense of the research and development initially required to create the product. The results of non-clinical studies and initial clinical trials of our product candidates are not necessarily predictive of the results from large-scale clinical trials, and clinical trials may be subject to additional costs, delays or modifications due to a number of factors, including difficulty in obtaining enough patients, investigators or product candidate supply. Failure by us or our collaborators, licensors or licensees to obtain, or any delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals or in complying with requirements could adversely affect commercialization and our ability to receive product or royalty revenues. Hatch-Waxman Act The Hatch-Waxman Act established abbreviated approval procedures for generic drugs. Approval to market and distribute these drugs is obtained by submitting an ANDA with the U.S. FDA. The application for a generic drug is “abbreviated” because it need not include non-clinical or clinical data to demonstrate safety and effectiveness and may instead rely on the U.S. FDA’s previous finding that the brand drug, or reference drug, is safe and effective. In order to obtain approval of an ANDA, an applicant must, among other things, establish that its product is bioequivalent to an existing approved drug and that it has the same active ingredient(s), strength, dosage form, and route of administration. A generic drug is considered bioequivalent to its reference drug if testing demonstrates that the rate and extent of absorption of the generic drug is not significantly different from the rate and extent of absorption of the reference drug when administered under similar experimental conditions. The Hatch-Waxman Act also provides incentives by awarding, in certain circumstances, certain legal protections from generic competition. This protection comes in the form of a non-patent exclusivity period, during which the U.S. FDA may not accept, or approve, an application for a generic drug, whether the application for such drug is submitted through an ANDA or a through another form of application, known as a 505(b)(2) application. This type of NDA authorizes the U.S. FDA to approve a follow-on product on the basis of, among other things, the U.S. FDA’s previous findings of safety and effectiveness for a reference product. The Hatch-Waxman Act grants five years of regulatory exclusivity when a company develops and gains NDA approval of a new chemical entity that has not been previously approved by the U.S. FDA. This exclusivity provides that the U.S. FDA may not accept an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application for five years after the date of approval of previously approved drug, or four years in the case of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application that challenges a patent claiming the reference drug (see discussion below regarding Paragraph IV Certifications). The Hatch-Waxman Act also provides three years of regulatory exclusivity for approved applications for drugs that are not new chemical entities, if the application contains the results of new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) conducted or sponsored by the applicant that were essential to approval of the application. Examples of applications that may require new clinical investigations essential to approval and receive three-year exclusivity include applications for new indications, dosage forms (including new drug delivery systems), strengths, or conditions of use for an already approved product. This three-year exclusivity period only protects against U.S. FDA approval of ANDAs and 505(b)(2) applications for generic drugs for the conditions of approval (for example, indication or dosage form) that required new clinical investigations that were essential to approval; it does not prohibit the U.S. FDA from accepting or approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for generic drugs that do not include such conditions of approval. Paragraph IV Certifications. Under the Hatch - Waxman Act, NDA applicants and NDA holders must provide information about certain patents claiming their drugs, or methods of use of the drug that is the subject of the NDA, for listing in the Orange Book. When an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application is submitted, it must contain one of several possible certifications regarding each of the patents listed in the Orange Book for the reference drug. A certification that a listed patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the sale of the proposed product is called a “Paragraph 16 Table of Contents IV” certification. A certification that provides the date a listed patent will expire, but does not challenge the validity, enforceability or infringement of the patent, is called a “Paragraph III” certification. The U.S. FDA can approve the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application containing the Paragraph III certification upon expiration of the patent. Within 20 days of the acceptance by the U.S. FDA of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application containing a Paragraph IV certification, the applicant must notify the NDA holder and patent owner that the application has been submitted and provide the factual and legal basis for the applicant’s opinion that the patent is invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed. The NDA holder or patent holder may then initiate a patent infringement suit in response to the Paragraph IV notice. If this is done within 45 days of receiving notice of the Paragraph IV certification, a 30 - month stay of the U.S. FDA’s ability to approve the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application is triggered. The U.S. FDA may approve the proposed product before the expiration of the 30 - month stay only if a court finds the patent invalid or not infringed, and the court may shorten or lengthen the 30 - month stay under certain limited circumstances. Patent Term Extension. Under the Hatch - Waxman Act, a portion of the patent term lost during product development and U.S. FDA review of an NDA or 505(b)(2) application is extended if approval of the application is the first permitted commercial marketing of a drug containing the active ingredient. The patent term extension period is generally one - half the time between the effective date of the IND and the date of submission of the NDA, plus the time between the date of submission of the NDA and the date of U.S. FDA approval of the product. The maximum period of patent term extension is five years, and the patent cannot be extended to more than 14 years from the date of U.S. FDA approval of the product. Only one unexpired patent claiming the drug product, a method of using the product or a method of manufacturing the product is eligible for extension and the patent holder must apply for extension within 60 days of approval. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in consultation with the U.S. FDA, reviews and approves the application for patent term extension. Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity Orphan drug designation in the U.S. is designed to encourage sponsors to develop products intended for the treatment of rare diseases or conditions. In the U.S., a rare disease or condition is statutorily defined as a condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. or that affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available for the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product in the U.S. Orphan drug designation qualifies a company for certain tax credits. In addition, if a product candidate that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first U.S. FDA approval for that drug for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the U.S. FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years following product approval unless the subsequent product candidate is demonstrated to be clinically superior on the basis of greater efficacy or safety, or by providing a major contribution to patient care. Absent a showing of clinical superiority, the U.S. FDA cannot approve the same product made by another manufacturer for the same indication during the market exclusivity period unless it has the consent of the sponsor, or the sponsor is unable to provide sufficient quantities. Pediatric Exclusivity Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of regulatory exclusivity to the term of any existing patent or non-patent regulatory exclusivity, including orphan exclusivity, for drug products. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if an NDA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the U.S. FDA for such data. If the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the U.S. FDA’s request, the additional exclusivity protection is granted.  This is not a patent term extension, but it effectively extends the period during which the U.S. FDA cannot approve another application. Regulation of Drug-Device Combination Products in the U.S. Certain products may be comprised of components, such as drug components and device components that would normally be subject to different regulatory frameworks by the U.S. FDA and frequently regulated by different centers at the U.S. FDA. These products are known as drug-device combination products. Under the FDCA and its 17 Table of Contents implementing regulations, the U.S. FDA is charged with assigning a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, for review of a drug-device combination product. The determination of which center will be the lead center is based on the “primary mode of action” of the drug-device combination product. Thus, if the primary mode of action of a drug-device combination product is attributable to the drug product, the U.S. FDA center responsible for premarket review of the drug product would have primary jurisdiction for the drug-device combination product. The U.S. FDA has also established an Office of Combination Products to address issues surrounding combination products and provide more certainty to the regulatory review process. That office serves as a focal point for combination product issues for agency reviewers and industry. It is also responsible for developing guidance and regulations to clarify the regulation of combination products, and for assignment of the U.S. FDA center that has primary jurisdiction for review of drug-device combination products where the jurisdiction is unclear or in dispute. A drug-device combination product with a primary mode of action attributable to the drug component generally would be reviewed and approved pursuant to the drug approval processes set forth in the FDCA. In reviewing the NDA for such a product, however, U.S. FDA reviewers could consult with their counterparts in the device center to ensure that the device component of the combination product met applicable requirements regarding safety, effectiveness, durability and performance. Approval may require the performance of certain clinical studies, such as clinical usability or human factors studies to demonstrate the safety and/or effectiveness of the device component of the combination product. In addition, under U.S. FDA regulations, drug-device combination products are subject to current GMP requirements applicable to both drugs and devices, including the Quality System Regulations applicable to medical devices. Other U.S. Regulatory Requirements After approval, finished drug products are subject to extensive continuing regulation by the U.S. FDA, which includes company obligations to manufacture products in accordance with current GMP, maintain and provide to the U.S. FDA updated safety and efficacy information, report adverse experiences with the product, keep certain records and submit periodic reports, obtain U.S. FDA approval of certain manufacturing or labeling changes, and comply with U.S. FDA promotion and advertising requirements and restrictions. Failure to meet these obligations can result in various adverse consequences, both voluntary and U.S. FDA-imposed, including product recalls, withdrawal of approval, restrictions on marketing, and the imposition of civil fines and criminal penalties against the NDA holder. In addition, later discovery of previously unknown safety or efficacy issues may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer or NDA holder. We and our partners and any third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage are required to comply with applicable U.S. FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the U.S. FDA’s current GMP regulations. Current GMP regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. The manufacturing facilities for our products must meet current GMP requirements to the satisfaction of the U.S. FDA pursuant to a pre-approval inspection before we can use them to manufacture our products. We and any third-party manufacturers are also subject to periodic inspections of facilities by the U.S. FDA and other authorities, including procedures and operations used in the testing and manufacture of our products to assess our compliance with applicable regulations. With respect to post-market product advertising and promotion, the U.S. FDA imposes a number of complex regulations on entities that advertise and promote pharmaceuticals, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions on promoting drugs for uses, conditions or diseases, or in patient populations that are not consistent with the drug’s approved labeling (known as “off-label use”), and principles governing industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Failure to comply with U.S. FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, warning or untitled letters from the U.S. FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors or patients, and civil or criminal penalties. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. In January 2025, the U.S. FDA published final guidance outlining the agency’s non-binding policies governing the distribution of scientific information on unapproved uses to healthcare providers. This final guidance calls for such communications to be truthful, non-misleading, factual, and unbiased and include all information necessary for healthcare providers to interpret the strengths and weaknesses and validity and utility of the information about the unapproved use. On September 9, 2025, the President issued a Memorandum directing HHS to “ensure transparency and accuracy in direct-to-consumer prescription drug advertising, including by increasing the amount of information 18 Table of Contents regarding any risks associated with the use of any such prescription drug required to be provided in prescription drug advertisements.”  To that end, the U.S. FDA announced that it is initiating a rulemaking process “to eliminate the ‘adequate provision’ loophole that allows pharmaceutical advertisements to hide safety information by placing it in another format or location.” In this context, the U.S. FDA declared that it will no longer tolerate what it characterized as “deceptive practices” in prescription drug advertising and that the agency would “aggressively deploy” its available enforcement tools, with “heightened scrutiny” of fair balance and disclosures in social media promotions.  The U.S. FDA also issued a generic “notice letter” directing companies to “remove any noncompliant advertising and bring all promotional communications into compliance.” Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and U.S. FDA approval of a new NDA or sNDA before the change can be implemented. An sNDA for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar in type and quality to the clinical data supporting the original application for the original indication, and the U.S. FDA uses similar procedures and actions in reviewing such sNDAs as it does in reviewing NDAs. Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following U.S. FDA approval of an NDA. The U.S. FDA also may require post marketing testing, known as Phase IV testing, REMS, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or to place conditions on an approval that restrict the distribution or use of the product. Outside the U.S., our and our collaborators’ abilities to market a product are contingent upon receiving marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national level, although within the E.U. registration procedures are available to companies wishing to market a product in more than one E.U. member state. We are subject to U.S. federal and foreign anti-corruption laws. Those laws include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing, or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA encompasses certain healthcare professionals in many countries. We are also subject to similar laws of other countries that have enacted anti-corruption laws and regulations. EU Marketing Approval of Medicinal Products In order to market any product outside of the U.S., a company also must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of products. Regardless of whether or not it obtains U.S. FDA approval for a product, an applicant will need to obtain the necessary marketing approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before it can initiate clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries or jurisdictions. Specifically, there are a number of similarities between the process regarding regulatory approval of medicinal products in the European Economic Area, or EEA, and that in the U.S. Marketing approval requires satisfactory completion of pharmaceutical development, non-clinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the medicinal product for each proposed indication. It also requires the submission to relevant competent authorities for a clinical trial authorization to be granted and to the EMA, or to competent authorities in E.U. Member States for granting of a marketing authorization by these authorities before the product can be marketed and sold in the E.U. Clinical Trial Approval . Similar to the U.S., the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the E.U. are subject to significant regulatory controls. Certain preclinical (also termed “non-clinical”) data is required in order to inform the scientific basis for clinical trials to be conducted and later for such data to be used in the dossier for supporting a marketing authorization application, or MAA. Preclinical data are required to guide the clinical development, from Phase I (first-in-human clinical trials) through to Phases II and III, to establish the safety and efficacy of a medicinal product. During all phases of clinical development, national competent authorities of E.U. Member States and other comparable regulatory authorities require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical trial related activities, to ensure safety of the trial participants, and quality and integrity of trial data. In the E.U., clinical trials are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (E.U.) No. 536/2014, or CTR, which entered into application on January 31, 2022, replacing Directive 2001/20/EC, or CTD. The CTR is intended to 19 Table of Contents harmonize and streamline clinical trial authorizations, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase their transparency. Prior to commencing a clinical trial, the sponsor must obtain a clinical trial authorization from competent authorities of E.U. Member States in which the sponsor intends on carrying out clinical trials, and a positive opinion from an independent Ethics Committee. The CTR, which is directly applicable in all E.U. Member States, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the “E.U. portal”, the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS. Since January 31, 2023, the use of CTIS has become mandatory for all clinical trial sponsors submitting initial applications for the approval of their clinical trials in the E.U. The CTR also establishes a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application including, among other things, a copy of the trial protocol and an investigational medicinal product dossier containing information about the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. Ongoing clinical trials authorized under CTD with at least one active site in the E.U. on January 30, 2025 needed to be transitioned to CTR. Active site in the context of transitioning means that the last visit of the last subject, or the other trial-related interventions with the subject specified in the protocol, will take place after January 30, 2025. Clinical trials with no active sites authorized under CTD do not need to be transitioned even if the global trial is still ongoing outside the E.U. after the transition deadline. Clinical trials of medicinal products in the E.U. must be conducted in accordance with current good clinical practices requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements, including those foreseen in the Good Clinical Practice Directive 2005/28/EC, and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. Studies should also be conducted in accordance with all applicable EMA, European Commission and national guidelines. Medicinal products used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on current GMP, and in a GMP compliant facility, which can be subject to GMP inspections. Marketing Authorization . To obtain a marketing authorization to market a medicinal product in the EEA, an applicant must submit an MAA, either in accordance with a centralized procedure administered by the EMA or one of the procedures administered by competent authorities in E.U. Member States (decentralized procedure, national procedure or mutual recognition procedure). A marketing authorization may be granted only to an applicant established in the E.U. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission that is valid in all E.U. Member States and through the EEA Member States – Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific medicinal products, including those (i) derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) designated as orphan medicinal products, (iii) that are classified as advanced therapy medicinal products, or ATMPs, and (iv) containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, authorization through the centralized procedure is optional for product approval. Under the centralized procedure, the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, conducts the scientific assessment of a medicinal product in respect of its safety, quality and efficacy for the purpose of determining its approvability. Under the centralized procedure in the EEA, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA is 210 days, excluding clock stops. Procedural clock-stops provide the applicant with the time to gather additional information in response to the outstanding questions raised by the CHMP. Accelerated assessment may be accepted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is considered to be of major interest from the point of view of public health, and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts a request for accelerated assessment, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days. The CHMP can, however, revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. A marketing authorization granted under the E.U. regulatory system is valid for five years. The MA may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the E.U. Member State in which the original MA was granted. To support the application, the MA holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the electronic Common Technical 20 Table of Contents Document providing up-to-date data concerning the quality, safety and efficacy of the product, including all variations introduced since the MA was granted, at least nine months before the MA ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the E.U. Member States may decide on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year renewal period for the MA. Thereafter, the MA shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the E.U. market (for a centralized MA) or on the market of the authorizing E.U. Member State within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause). Innovative products that target an unmet medical need and are expected to be of major public health interest may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the Priority Medicines, or PRIME, scheme, which provides incentives similar to the breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. PRIME is a voluntary scheme aimed at enhancing the EMA’s support for the development of medicinal products that target unmet medical needs. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need (there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the E.U. or, if there is, the new medicinal product will bring a major therapeutic advantage) and they must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. Combination Products. As in the U.S., the regulation of combination drug-device products depends in large part on which component has the primary mode of action. Where a medical device incorporates a medicinal product as an integral part as a single use drug delivery system, it is regulated as a medicinal product in accordance with Directive 2001/83/EC. In this case, the relevant General Safety and Performance Requirements of the Medical Device Regulation will apply to the safety and performance of the drug delivery device component. Orphan Medicinal Product Designation and Exclusivity .  Regulation (EC) No. 141/2000, as implemented by Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000, provides that a medicinal product can be designated as an orphan medicinal product by the European Commission if its sponsor can establish that (1) the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in ten thousand persons in the E.U. when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the E.U.; and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition in question that has been authorized in the E.U. or, if such method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. In the E.U., an application for designation as an orphan product can be made any time prior to the filing of the MAA. Orphan medicinal product designation entitles a sponsor to incentives such as fee reductions or fee waivers, protocol assistance, and access to the centralized MA procedure. Upon grant of an MA, provided that the orphan designation is maintained following a satisfactory re-assessment by the Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, or COMP, of the EMA of the criteria for orphan designation, orphan medicinal products are entitled to a ten-year period of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication, which means that the EMA cannot accept another MAA, or grant an MA, or accept an application to extend an MA for a similar product for the same indication for a period of ten years. The period of market exclusivity is extended by two years for orphan medicinal products provided that the results of all studies conducted in compliance with an agreed PIP are provided – even though the results do not lead to an approval of a pediatric indication, but the results of the studies conducted are reflected in the summary of product characteristics and, if appropriate, in the package leaflet of the medicinal product concerned. Orphan medicinal product designation does not confer any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The period of market exclusivity may, however, be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria on the basis of which it received orphan medicinal product destination, including where it can be demonstrated on the basis of available evidence that the original orphan medicinal product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity or where the prevalence of the condition has increased above the threshold. Additionally, an MA may be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication during the 10 year period if: (i) if the applicant consents to a second original orphan medicinal product application, (ii) if the manufacturer of the original orphan medicinal product is unable to supply sufficient 21 Table of Contents quantities; or (iii) if the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. A company may voluntarily remove a product from the register of orphan products. Post-Approval Requirements .  Where an MA is granted in relation to a medicinal product in the EEA, the holder of the MA is required to comply with a range of regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. Similar to the U.S., both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the individual EEA countries. The holder of an MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint a qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports, or PSURs. All new MAAs must include a risk management plan describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk-minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. In the E.U., the advertising and promotion of medicinal products are subject to both E.U. and E.U. Member States’ laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians and other healthcare professionals, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. Although general requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products are established under E.U. law, the implementing rules in each member state may differ from one country to another. In addition, the statutory control regime could be supplemented by the voluntary control of advertising of medicinal products by self-regulatory bodies. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. International Regulation In addition to regulations in the U.S. and the E.U., we could become subject to a variety of other foreign regulations regarding development, approval, commercial sales and distribution of our products if we seek to market our product candidates in other jurisdictions. Whether or not we obtain U.S. FDA or EMA approval for a product, we must obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and can involve additional product testing and additional review periods, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required to obtain U.S. FDA or EMA approval. The requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Pricing and Reimbursement Within the U.S., significant uncertainty exists regarding the coverage and reimbursement status of products approved by the U.S. FDA. Sales of our product, and any future products which obtain marketing approval, depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug or biologic typically is separate from the process for setting the price of such a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the U.S. FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover our products or to restrict coverage of our products could reduce utilization of our products. Moreover, a third-party payor’s 22 Table of Contents decision to provide coverage for a finished drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor’s decision to cover a particular product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal and state governments, and the prices of drugs and biologics have been a focus in this effort. Federal and state governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of new or enhanced cost-containment measures could limit our net revenue and results. Third party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and examining the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. Restrictions in coverage or decreases in third-party reimbursement for our products could have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. We expect that the pharmaceutical industry will experience pricing pressures due to the increasing influence of managed care (and related implementation of managed care strategies to control utilization), additional federal and state legislative and regulatory proposals to regulate pricing of drugs, limit coverage of drugs or reduce reimbursement for drugs, and public scrutiny of drug pricing. There have been and likely will continue to be health care reform efforts.  For example, federal legislation enacted in 2021 eliminated a statutory cap on Medicaid drug rebate program rebates effective January 1, 2024. As another example, the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, of 2022, contains various drug pricing and payment provisions. Among other provisions, the IRA imposes a yearly cap ($2,000 in 2025) on out-of-pocket prescription drug prices in Medicare Part D. Additionally, the IRA, through a newly established Manufacturer Discount Program, eliminated, effective January 1, 2025, the size of the discount on brand-name drugs that pharmaceutical manufacturers are required to offer Medicare beneficiaries who are in the Medicare Part D coverage gap, or “donut hole,” by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide a 10% discount in the initial coverage phase of the plan and 20% discount in the catastrophic coverage phase of the plan on brand-name drugs. In addition, the IRA requires Medicare to negotiate Medicare prices for certain high-cost drugs and biologicals, including both physician-administered products covered under Medicare Part B benefit and self-administered drugs covered under the Medicare Part D benefit. The CMS annually selects a specified number of negotiation-eligible drugs from those drugs with the highest total Medicare Part B or D expenditures over a preceding 12-month period. Eligible drugs generally include single source brand-name drugs or biological products that have been on the market without therapeutically-equivalent generic or biosimilar alternatives for a specified number of years with certain exceptions. Drugs and biologics that have been approved for a single rare disease or condition were originally categorically excluded from price negotiation. With passage of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act on July 3, 2025, Congress extended this exemption to drugs and biologics with multiple orphan drug designations. CMS will publish the negotiated price, known as the “Maximum Fair Price”, or MFP, for each of the selected products. Manufacturers of selected drugs would be required to offer the drug for Medicare recipients at the MFP. Manufacturers who fail to negotiate or offer the MFP can face significant civil money penalties or excise tax liability on sales of that drug. In 2024, the HHS published the results of the first Medicare drug price negotiations for 10 selected drugs that treat a range of conditions, including diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and rheumatoid arthritis, and the prices of the selected drugs became effective on January 1, 2026.  On January 17, 2025, HHS announced the selection of 15 additional drugs, which included LINZESS, covered by Medicare Part D, for the second cycle of price negotiations, and on November 25, 2025, HHS released the MFP for LINZESS. The MFP for a 30-day equivalent supply of LINZESS, which will become the new Medicare net price as of January 1, 2027, is set to $136. The revised MFP for LINZESS was in line with our expectations. On April 15, 2025, President Trump issued an Executive Order which directs HHS to take steps to reduce the prices of pharmaceutical products.  The new Executive Order, among other things, directs the U.S. FDA to streamline and improve its existing drug importation program so as to make it easier for states to obtain approval without sacrificing the safety or quality of drug products. Other provisions of the Executive Order relate to the 340B program. With respect to the IRA’s Medicare drug pricing program, the Executive Order, among other things, calls for alignment in “the treatment of small molecule prescription drugs with that of biological products, ending the distortion that undermines 23 Table of Contents relative investment in small molecule prescription drugs, coupled with other reforms to prevent any increase in overall costs to Medicare and its beneficiaries.” Further, on May 12, 2025, President Trump issued an additional Executive Order calling on pharmaceutical manufacturers to voluntarily reduce the prices of medicines in the U.S. The Executive Order directs the Secretary of HHS to communicate most-favored-nation, or MFN, price targets to pharmaceutical manufacturers to bring prices in line with comparably developed nations. The Executive Order further provides that if such actions do not lower the costs of pharmaceuticals, the Secretary of HHS would pursue other actions, including proposing a rulemaking that imposes MFN pricing in the United States. Subsequently, on May 20, 2025, HHS indicated that the proposed MFN pricing will apply only to brand products without generic or biosimilar competition and the reference foreign countries will include only those in which the branded product similarly does not have generic or biosimilar competition.  Second, HHS indicated that the MFN target price will be the lowest price in a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, with a gross domestic product, or GDP, per capita of at least 60% of the U.S. GDP per capita. Based on previous estimates, there are likely at least 22 OECD countries that would satisfy this criterion. The implications of these actions remain unclear and are likely to result in litigation if the administration pursues an MFN regulatory pricing requirement. Subsequently, on May 20, 2025, HHS indicated that the proposed MFN pricing will apply only to brand products without generic or biosimilar competition and the reference foreign countries will include only those in which the branded product similarly does not have generic or biosimilar competition.  Second, HHS indicated that the MFN target price will be the lowest price in a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, with a gross domestic product, or GDP, per capita of at least 60% of the U.S. GDP per capita. Based on previous estimates, there are likely at least 22 OECD countries that would satisfy this criterion. On July 31, 2025, the President issued letters to 17 pharmaceutical companies reiterating the requirements of the May 12, 2025 Executive Order and demanding that such companies extend MFN pricing to Medicaid patients, guarantee MFN pricing for newly-launched drug products, return increased revenues abroad to American patients and provide for direct purchasing at MFN pricing. The letters also urged these companies to stipulate that they will not offer other developed nations better prices for new drugs than the prices offered for such products in the U.S. Nearly all of these pharmaceutical companies have entered into agreements with the Trump administration to provide for lower prices on certain pharmaceuticals. While we cannot predict what executive, legislative and regulatory proposals will be adopted or other actions will occur, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. For additional information relating to pricing and reimbursement and legislative and other reform initiatives that may affect coverage, pricing and reimbursement, see

--- VENDORS ---
vendors are required to comply with GMP, good clinical practices, and good laboratory practices, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the U.S. FDA, the competent authorities of the individual EEA countries and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for our current product candidate in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these regulations through periodic inspections of study sponsors, principal investigators, study sites and other contractors. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable regulations, the data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the U.S. FDA, EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. There are no guarantees that, upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the relevant regulations. ​ If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether they devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical programs. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. CROs may also generate higher costs than anticipated. ​ Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result of switching CROs, delays may occur, which could impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges in their implementation of our clinical studies or that these challenges will not have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects. ​ Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal and Compliance Matters ​ We face potential product liability exposure, and, if claims brought against us are successful, we could incur substantial liabilities. ​ The use of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of our approved products, including the sale of linaclotide, expose us to product liability claims. If we do not successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liabilities. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: ​ ● decreased demand for approved products; ​ ● impairment of our business reputation; 42 Table of Contents ​ ● withdrawal of clinical trial participants; ​ ● initiation of investigations by regulators; ​ ● litigation costs; ​ ● distraction of management’s attention from our primary business; ​ ● substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; ​ ● loss of revenues; and ​ ● the inability to commercialize our product candidates. We currently have product liability insurance coverage for the commercial sale of our products and for the clinical trials of our product candidates which is subject to industry-standard terms, conditions and exclusions. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to reimburse us for expenses or losses associated with claims. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and adversely affect our business. ​ We will incur significant liability if it is determined that we are promoting any “off-label” uses of our products. ​ Physicians are permitted to prescribe drug products and medical devices for uses that are not described in the product’s labeling and that differ from those approved by the U.S. FDA or other applicable regulatory agencies. Such “off-label” uses are common across medical specialties. Although the U.S. FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician’s choice of treatments, the U.S. FDA and other regulatory agencies do restrict manufacturer communications on off-label use. Companies are not permitted to promote drugs or medical devices for off-label uses or to promote unapproved drugs or medical devices. Accordingly, we do not permit promotion of any product that we develop, license, commercialize, promote, co-promote or otherwise partner prior to approval or for any indication, population or use not described in or consistent with such product’s labeling. The U.S. FDA and other regulatory and enforcement authorities actively enforce laws and regulations prohibiting promotion of off-label uses and the promotion of products for which marketing approval has not been obtained. A company that is found to have promoted off-label uses or have engaged in improper pre-approval promotion will be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions. Even if it is later determined that we were not in violation of these laws, we may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending our actions and have to divert significant management resources from other matters. ​ Notwithstanding the regulatory restrictions on off-label promotion, the U.S. FDA and other regulatory authorities allow companies to engage in truthful, non-misleading, and non-promotional disease awareness and scientific exchange concerning their products, investigational assets and therapeutic areas of interest. We intend to engage in disease awareness and medical and scientific exchange and education activities and communicate with healthcare providers in compliance with all applicable laws, regulatory guidance and industry best practices. Although we believe we have put in place a robust compliance program, which is designed to ensure that all such activities are performed in a legal and compliant manner, we cannot be certain that our program will address all areas of potential exposure and the risks in this area cannot be entirely eliminated. ​ If we fail to comply with healthcare and other regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. ​ The marketing of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products and related arrangements with healthcare providers, third-party payors, patients and other third parties in the healthcare industry are subject to a wide range of healthcare laws and regulations within the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and 43 Table of Contents regulations may constrain our business and/or financial arrangements. Within the U.S., federal laws and regulations include: ​ ● federal healthcare program anti-kickback laws, which prohibit, among other things, persons from offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchasing or ordering of, a good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; ​ ● federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, information or claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to manufacturers for reasons including providing coding and billing advice to customers or engaging in prohibited off-label promotional activities; ​ ● federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and which also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on certain types of entities, which include many healthcare providers with whom we interact and health plans with which we may interact; ​ ● the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product and medical device marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing such products prior to approval or for off-label use and regulates the distribution of samples; ​ ● the 21 st Century Cures Act, which amends Section 114 of the Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act of 1997 to define healthcare economic information and the circumstances under which healthcare economic information may be disseminated; ​ ● federal laws, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs; and ​ ● the so-called “federal sunshine” law, which requires pharmaceutical and medical device companies to monitor and report certain financial interactions with physicians, certain non-physician practitioners and teaching hospitals to the federal government for re-disclosure to the public. ​ There are also state law equivalents of certain of the above federal laws, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts, which laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, state transparency laws, state laws limiting interactions between pharmaceutical manufacturers and members of the healthcare industry, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances. ​ Other laws and regulations have also been enacted by various states to regulate the sales and marketing practices of pharmaceutical or biopharmaceutical manufacturers. The laws and regulations generally limit financial interactions between manufacturers and health care providers; require manufacturers to comply with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government; and/or require disclosure to the government and/or public of financial interactions (so-called “sunshine laws”). State laws may also require disclosure of pharmaceutical pricing information and marketing expenditures. Certain state and local laws require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Additionally, some individual states have begun establishing Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (or similar entities) to review high-cost drugs and, in some cases, set upper payment limits. Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. ​ Additionally, in its 2024 decision in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo , the U.S. Supreme Court overruled the “Chevron doctrine,” which gives deference to regulatory agencies’ statutory interpretations in litigation against 44 Table of Contents federal government agencies, such as the U.S. FDA, CMS and other federal agencies where the law is ambiguous. This Supreme Court decision may lead to challenges of long standing decisions and policies of these agencies, which could lead to uncertainties in the industry and disrupt the federal agency’s operations. ​ Outside the U.S., our activities may be subject to healthcare laws.  For example, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order, or use of medicinal products is prohibited in the E.U. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of E.U. Member States, and by Bribery Act 2010 in the United Kingdom. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. ​ Payments made to physicians in certain E.U. Member States must be publicly disclosed, and in the United Kingdom a public consultation on the introduction of equivalent transparency requirements is currently underway. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his or her competent professional organization, and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual E.U. Member States and the United Kingdom. These requirements are provided in the national laws, self-regulatory industry codes, or professional codes of conduct applicable in the E.U. Member States and the United Kingdom. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines, or imprisonment. ​ We also are subject to the FCPA which prohibits corporations and individuals from paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity, related to any ex-U.S. activities, as well as other similar anti-bribery laws in any other country in which we may do business. ​ It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices, or the business practices of third parties with whom we collaborate, may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations, or those of third party partners, are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations, we may be subject to lawsuits, significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. ​ We are subject to stringent and changing U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; disruptions of our operating results and business; and other adverse business consequences. We may be subject to privacy and security laws in the various jurisdictions, both inside and outside the U.S., in which we operate and/or obtain or store personally identifiable information, such as the E.U. GDPR, the United Kingdom’s GDPR and the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection, or FADP. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. For example, the GDPR, which took effect in May 2018, applies to the processing of personal data in the EEA. The GDPR increases obligations with respect to clinical trials and non-clinical studies conducted in the EEA, by certain companies that process data in relation to (i) offering goods or services to, or (ii) monitoring the behavior of, individuals located in the EEA. As such, we are subject to the GDPR for data processing associated, for example, with conducting clinical trials in the EEA or entering into research collaborations in the EEA. The GDPR imposes stringent obligations for processing of personal data, such as setting high standards for consent, requiring the provision of detailed processing notices, facilitating the exercise of data subject rights and requiring reporting certain data breaches to regulators and affected individuals, as well as establishing standards for how we document our relationships with third parties that process GDPR-covered personal data on our behalf. The FADP also applies to the collection and processing of personal data by companies located in Switzerland, or in certain circumstances, by companies located outside of Switzerland. The FADP has been revised and adopted by the Swiss Parliament and took effect on September 1, 2023. The revisions to the FADP may result in increased costs of compliance, risks of noncompliance and penalties for noncompliance. ​ 45 Table of Contents The GDPR, United Kingdom’s GDPR and FADP also increase the scrutiny applied to transfers of personal data from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, respectively (including from clinical trial sites in the EEA) to countries that are considered by the European Commission, United Kingdom or Switzerland, respectively, to lack an adequate level of data protection, such as the U.S. In July 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which permits U.S. companies who self-certify under the framework to rely on it as a valid data transfer mechanism for data transfers from the E.U. to the U.S. There is currently one pending litigation against the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework before the Court of Justice of the E.U. and we expect there to be additional legal challenges in the future. If these challenges are successful, they may not only impact the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, but also further limit the viability of the so-called standard contractual clauses and other data transfer mechanisms. The uncertainty around this issue has the potential to impact our business. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms or where the standard contractual clauses cannot be used, we could incur additional compliance costs, complaints, and/or regulatory investigations and, if we are unable to otherwise transfer personal data among jurisdictions in which we operate, our services and geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations could be affected. ​ In addition, in the U.S., we are subject to the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, which became effective on January 1, 2023 (the CPRA, together with CCPA, the California Privacy Law). The California Privacy Law gives California consumers (defined to include all California residents) certain rights regarding personal information collected about them; the California Privacy Law also imposes certain obligations and limitations on companies regarding the collection, use, selling or sharing (as defined in the California Privacy Law) of personal information collected from or about California consumers. Other states have passed or may pass comprehensive privacy laws or laws specifically regulating health information that may affect our business. For example, Washington state passed the My Health My Data Act to which we are subject, which regulates the collection and sharing of health information, and provides a right of action for violation of the statute. ​ The compliance obligations imposed by the GDPR, United Kingdom’s GDPR, FADP, the California Privacy Law, Washington’s My Health My Data Act, and other applicable privacy laws, have required us to revise our operations. Breaches of applicable data protection requirements may result in substantial fines and other regulatory penalties, as well as confer a private right of action on data subjects or consumers and their representatives for breaches of certain data protection requirements. We expect to be subject to additional privacy laws at both the U.S. state level and abroad as many jurisdictions either recently have data privacy legislation or are considering enacting such legislation to which we may become subject. Achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable international, federal and state privacy, security, fraud and reporting laws may prove time-consuming and costly. ​ If our operations, or the operations of third parties upon which we rely, are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other laws, rules or regulations that apply to us, we will be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. For example, under the GDPR and the United Kingdom’s GDPR, penalties for noncompliance could be up to 20 million Euros or 4% of our total worldwide annual revenue of the preceding financial year, whichever is greater. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, rules or regulations, we cannot be certain that our program will address all areas of potential exposure and the risks in this area cannot be entirely eliminated, particularly because the requirements and government interpretations of the requirements in this space are constantly evolving. Any action against us for violation of these laws, rules or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business, as well as damage our business or reputation. ​ The VectivBio Acquisition increases our exposure to doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Following the VectivBio Acquisition, we retained VectivBio’s legacy headquarters in Basel, Switzerland and, as a result, we now have employees and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Operating in foreign jurisdictions exposes us to additional risks such as fluctuations in currency exchange rates; compliance with different legal and regulatory environments; foreign regulatory regimes applicable to clinical trials and obtaining approvals for product candidates; compliance with applicable data privacy laws and regimes such as the E.U. GDPR, the United Kingdom’s GDPR and the Swiss FADP; risk relating to the political and economic status of foreign governments; differences in the manner in which different cultures do business; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; differences in financial reporting; and operating difficulties; among other factors. The realization of any of these risks, if severe enough, could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 46 Table of Contents Risks Related to Intellectual Property ​ Limitations on our ability to obtain patent protection and/or the patent rights relating to our products and our product candidates may limit our ability to prevent third parties from competing against us. ​ Our success depends on our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient patent protection for our products and product candidates, preserve our trade secrets, prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights and operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. ​ The strength of patents in the pharmaceutical industry involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. Patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time until they are published, and publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature typically lags actual discoveries by several months or more. As a result, we cannot be certain that we were the first to conceive inventions covered by our patents and pending patent applications or that we were the first to file patent applications for such inventions. In addition, we cannot be certain that our patent applications will be granted, that any issued patents will adequately protect our intellectual property, or that such patents will not be challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented. ​ We have several issued patents in the U.S. related to LINZESS, including a LINZESS composition of matter and methods of use patent (U.S. Patent 7,304,036), which in October 2025 received pediatric exclusivity, and consequently will now expire in 2027. Additional U.S. patents related to LINZESS include multiple patents relating to our commercial, room temperature stable formulations of the 72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg doses of linaclotide and methods of using these formulations, the latest of which expires in the early 2030s, as well as other patents and patent applications covering formulations of linaclotide, and molecules related to linaclotide. In addition, we have exclusive rights to apraglutide including issued composition of matter and method of use patents in the U.S. in lead indications. We aim to maintain a strong and broad estate of patents in the U.S. and other geographic areas. To this end, we have exclusively licensed 59 patents and 3 pending patent applications in the U.S., E.U., Japan, China and other jurisdictions protecting apraglutide. We also own two U.S. granted patents, one granted European patent and two granted Japanese patents as well as approximately 40 pending patent applications worldwide that cover apraglutide, including ultrapure compositions, methods of manufacture and methods of use in various diseases. Although none of these issued patents currently is subject to a patent reexamination or review, we cannot guarantee that they will not be subject to reexamination or review by the USPTO in the future. We believe in the strength of our LINZESS and apraglutide patent portfolio and that we have sufficient freedom to operate; however, if any of our present or future patents is challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented, or our pending patent applications are not granted, our ability to prevent third parties from competing with LINZESS or apraglutide could be limited and our business and financial results may be materially harmed. ​ Furthermore, the America Invents Act, which was signed into law in 2011, has made several major changes in the U.S. patent statutes. These changes permit third parties to challenge our patents more easily and create uncertainty with respect to the interpretation and practice of U.S. patent law. Moreover, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases that narrow the scope of patent protection available and weakening the rights of patent owners in certain circumstances. Depending on the impact of these decisions and other actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, the USPTO, and their foreign counterparts, the laws and regulations governing patents may change, or their interpretation or implementation may change, in unpredictable ways that could impact, potentially adversely, our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce and defend patents that we have already obtained or that we might obtain in the future. For example, such changes may increase the costs and complexity associated with obtaining, enforcing or defending our patents, including in ANDA litigation. ​ We also rely upon unpatented trade secrets, unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees and our partners and consultants. We also have agreements with our employees and selected consultants that obligate them to assign their inventions to us. It is possible, however, that technology relevant to our business will be independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Furthermore, if the employees and consultants that are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Additionally, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 47 Table of Contents ​ In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the U.S., and, therefore, we or our partners may encounter problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property in certain foreign jurisdictions. ​ If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. ​ Our commercial success depends on our ability, and the ability of our partners, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our products and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. ​ Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our partners are developing products. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our potential products may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. There may be issued patents of third parties of which we are currently unaware that may be infringed by LINZESS, apraglutide, or our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications which may later result in issued patents that LINZESS, apraglutide, or our product candidates may infringe. ​ We may be exposed to, or threatened with, litigation by third parties alleging that LINZESS, apraglutide, or our product candidates infringe their intellectual property rights. If LINZESS, apraglutide, or one of our product candidates is found to infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party, we or our partners could be enjoined by a court and required to pay damages and could be unable to develop or commercialize LINZESS, apraglutide, or the applicable product candidate unless we obtain a license to the intellectual property rights. A license may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, during litigation, the counterparty could obtain a preliminary injunction or other equitable relief which could prohibit us from making, using or selling our products, pending a trial on the merits, which may not occur for several years. ​ There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries generally. If a third party claims that we or our partners infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: ​ ● infringement and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time- consuming to litigate and may divert our management’s attention from our core business; ​ ● substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product at issue infringes on or violates the third party’s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner’s attorneys’ fees; ​ ● a court prohibiting us from selling our product unless the third party licenses its rights to us, which it is not required to do; ​ ● if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, fees or grant cross- licenses to our intellectual property rights; and ​ ● redesigning our products so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. ​ If we fail to comply with our obligations or have disagreements over contract interpretation in agreements under which we license intellectual property and other rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business 48 Table of Contents relationship with our licensor, the scope of our intellectual property or technology rights could be narrowed and we could lose license rights that are important to our business. ​ Licensing intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business, and scientific issues. Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including but not limited to: ​ ● the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; ​ ● the extent to which our technology and processes infringe intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; ​ ● the sublicensing of patent and other rights; ​ ● our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; ​ ● the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors, our collaborators and us; ​ ● the priority of invention of patented technology; and ​ ● the fulfilment of our obligations under the license. ​ In addition, certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If our licenses or material relationships or any in-licenses upon which our licenses are based are terminated or breached, we may: ​ ● lose our rights to develop and market product candidates; ​ ● lose patent protection for product candidates; ​ ● experience significant delays in the development or commercialization of product candidates; ​ ● not be able to obtain any other licenses on acceptable terms, if at all; or ​ ● incur liability for damages. ​ We are currently a party to and may in the future be party to license agreements. Apraglutide is among the assets that are subject to licensing agreements with third parties. For example, we are a party to an amended and restated exclusive license agreement, dated as of December 6, 2016, as amended, by and between GlyPharma Therapeutic Inc. (as predecessor to VectivBio AG) and Ferring, or the Ferring Agreement, pursuant to which we have exclusive rights to apraglutide including an issued composition of matter and method of use patent in the U.S. in lead indications. The Ferring Agreement imposes, and other current or future license agreements may impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, and other obligations on us. These milestone, royalty, and other payments associated with the license, will make it less profitable for us to develop apraglutide or other product candidates that are the subject of current or future licenses. If we fail to comply with our obligations under the Ferring Agreement, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, we may be required to make certain payments to Ferring, we may lose the exclusivity of our license, or Ferring may have the right to terminate the license. If the Ferring Agreement is terminated, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business, be liable for damages to the licensor or be prevented from developing and commercializing our apraglutide. Termination of the agreement or reduction or elimination of our rights under the agreement may also result in us being required to negotiate a new or reinstated agreement with less favorable terms, and it is possible that we may be unable to obtain any such additional license at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms and 49 Table of Contents will be unable to develop and commercialize apraglutide. These or similar risks may apply to other license agreements, including future license agreements. If disputes over intellectual property and other rights that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize apraglutide. On October 2, 2025, Ferring filed a complaint against our wholly-owned subsidiary, VectivBio AG, for trade secret misappropriation and correction of patent inventorship and ownership in the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas, alleging that VectivBio AG misappropriated Ferring’s technology for its own benefit and improperly filed patent applications claiming that technology without reference to Ferring’s inventorship and ownership interests. On December 18, 2025, we, VectivBio AG and Ferring entered into a third amendment to the Ferring Agreement and a settlement agreement and release pursuant to which VectivBio AG and Ferring have settled all claims between the parties arising out of Ferring’s complaint. A dismissal of Ferring’s complaint with prejudice was entered in the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas on December 19, 2025. In some cases, patent prosecution of our licensed technology is controlled solely by the licensor. If our licensor fails to obtain or maintain a patent or other protection for the proprietary intellectual property we license from them, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those rights, and our competitors could market competing products using the intellectual property. In certain cases, we control the prosecution of patents resulting from licensed technology. In the event we breach any of our obligations related to such prosecution, we may incur significant liability to our licensing partners. We may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including market exclusivity, which may harm our business. In the U.S., orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives the first U.S. FDA approval for the indication for which it has orphan designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the U.S. FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. In the E.U., orphan drug designation entitles a company to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of data and market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication following marketing authorization of a medicinal product, including biological medicinal products. This period may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, the medicinal product no longer fulfills the orphan designation criteria, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Because the extent and scope of patent protection for our products may in some cases be limited, orphan drug designation is especially important for our product candidates for which orphan drug designation may be available. For eligible drugs, we plan to rely on the exclusivity period under the Orphan Drug Act to maintain a competitive position. If we do not obtain orphan drug exclusivity for our drug product candidates that does not have a broad patent protection, our competitors may then sell the same drug to treat the same condition sooner than if we had obtained orphan drug exclusivity and our revenue will be reduced. Even though we have orphan drug designation for apraglutide in the U.S. and in the E.U., we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. Based on available preclinical and clinical data, both the U.S. FDA and the EMA have granted apraglutide orphan drug designation for the treatment of SBS. Orphan drug applicability will be reassessed by health authorities upon completion of clinical studies and submission of our marketing application. In the E.U., the orphan designation for apraglutide may not be maintained at the time of grant of the marketing authorization if the EMA and COMP do not consider that there is sufficient confirmatory evidence to support that the orphan designation criteria continue to be met. Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the U.S. FDA or EMA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the U.S. FDA or EMA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective, or makes a 50 Table of Contents major contribution to patient care. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. We have received notices of Paragraph IV certifications related to LINZESS in conjunction with ANDAs filed by generic drug manufacturers, and we may receive additional notices from others in the future. We have, and may continue to, become involved in legal proceedings to protect or enforce intellectual property rights relating to our products and our product candidates, which could be expensive and time consuming, and unfavorable outcomes in such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business. ​ Competitors may infringe the patents relating to our products and our product candidates or may assert that such patents are invalid. To counter ongoing or potential infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Litigation with generic manufacturers has become increasingly common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. In addition, in an infringement or invalidity proceeding, a court or patent administrative body may determine that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. ​ Generic drug manufacturers were first able to file ANDAs for generic versions of LINZESS in August 2016. When filing an ANDA for one of our products, a generic drug manufacturer may choose to challenge one or more of the patents that cover such product and seek to commercialize generic versions of one or more LINZESS doses. As such, we have brought, and may bring in the future, legal proceedings against generic drug manufacturers. ​ We and AbbVie have received Paragraph IV certification notice letters regarding ANDAs submitted to the U.S. FDA by generic drug manufacturers requesting approval to engage in commercial manufacture, use, sale and offer for sale of linaclotide capsules (72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg), proposed generic versions of our U.S. FDA-approved drug LINZESS. We filed patent infringement lawsuits against five companies making such ANDA filings and subsequently entered into settlement agreements with each of these filers. Frequently, innovators receive multiple ANDA filings. Consequently, we may receive additional notice letters regarding ANDAs submitted to the U.S. FDA (and we may receive amendments to those notice letters), but we may not become aware of these filings for several months after any such submission due to procedures specified under applicable U.S. FDA regulations. ​ After evaluation, we have in the past filed, and may, in the future, file patent infringement lawsuits or take other action against companies making ANDA filings. If a patent infringement suit has been filed within 45 days of receipt of a notice letter, the U.S. FDA is not permitted to approve any ANDA that is the subject of such lawsuit for 30 months from the date of the NDA holder’s and patent owner’s receipt of the ANDA filer’s notice letter, or until a court decides that the relevant patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. Additionally, the validity of the patents relating to our products and our product candidates may be challenged by third parties pursuant to administrative procedures introduced by the America Invents Act, specifically inter partes review, or IPR, and/or post grant review, or PGR, before the USPTO. Generic drug manufacturers may challenge our patents through IPRs or PGRs instead of or in addition to ANDA legal proceedings. ​ Patent litigation (including any lawsuits that we file against generic drug manufacturers in connection with the receipt of a notice letter), IPRs and PGRs involve complex legal and factual questions and we may need to devote significant resources to such legal proceedings. We can provide no assurance concerning the duration or the outcome of any such patent-related lawsuits or administrative proceedings, including any settlements or other resolutions thereof which could, in addition to other risks, result in a shortening of exclusivity periods. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of the patents relating to our products and our product candidates at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, or could otherwise result in a loss of patent protection for the product or product candidate at issue, and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, which would materially harm our business. Upon any loss of patent protection for one of our products, or upon an “at-risk” launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation, before any court decision or while an appeal of a lower court decision is pending) by a manufacturer of a generic version of one of our patented products, our revenues for that product could be significantly reduced in a short period of time, which would materially and adversely affect our business. ​ Interference or derivation proceedings brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to the patents relating to our products and our product candidates and patent applications or those of our partners. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the technology or to attempt to license rights to 51 Table of Contents it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if a prevailing party does not offer us a license on terms that are acceptable to us. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distraction of our management and other employees. In addition, we may not be able to prevent, alone or with our partners, misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S. ​ Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, as well as the potential for public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceeding or developments, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. ​ Risks Related to Our Finances and Capital Requirements ​ We incurred significant losses from our inception in 1998 through the year ended December 31, 2018, and we may incur losses in future periods. ​ In recent years, we have focused primarily on developing,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers and in-house manufacturing capabilities. Linaclotide production consists of three phases—manufacture of the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API (sometimes referred to as drug substance), manufacture of finished drug product and manufacture of finished goods. We and/or our partners have commercial supply agreements with multiple third-party manufacturers for the production of linaclotide API. We believe the current commercial suppliers have the capabilities to produce linaclotide API in accordance with current good manufacturing practices, or GMP, on a sufficient scale to meet the worldwide development and commercial needs for linaclotide. The commercial suppliers of linaclotide API are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies worldwide and also undergo periodic audit and certification by our partners’ or our own quality department. Each of AbbVie, Astellas and AstraZeneca is responsible for linaclotide API, finished drug product and finished goods manufacturing (including bottling and packaging) and distributing the finished goods to wholesalers in its respective territories. 10 Table of Contents Prior to linaclotide, there was no precedent for long-term room temperature shelf storage formulation for an orally dosed peptide to be produced in millions of capsules per year. Our efforts to date have led to formulations that are both cost effective and able to meet the stability requirements for commercial pharmaceutical products. Apraglutide We do not currently own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or, if approved, commercial quantities of apraglutide. We design and develop the manufacturing process for apraglutide together with contract development and manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs. We utilize these CDMOs to manufacture apraglutide for human use. Although we intend to rely on third-party CDMOs to produce apraglutide, we have personnel with experience managing third-party CDMOs producing apraglutide in clinical or commercial quantities. Our clinical trials of apraglutide currently use the product in the form of a lyophilized powder in vial that is solubilized and reconstituted with a diluent prior to injection. We are also evaluating novel drug product presentations for further development, with the goal of providing increased patient convenience and increased simplicity of the dosing and self-injection. Sales and Marketing For the foreseeable future, in the U.S., we intend to develop and commercialize LINZESS with our partner, AbbVie, and apraglutide, if approved, alone. In territories outside the U.S., we expect to rely on partners to develop and commercialize our products and product candidates. In executing our strategy, our goal is to retain oversight over the worldwide development and commercialization of our products by playing an active role in their commercialization or finding partners who share our vision, values, culture and processes. We and/or our partners have core commercial capabilities in place, including marketing, patient engagement and key sales support roles. We are also coordinating efforts with our linaclotide partners to launch and maintain an integrated, global linaclotide brand. By leveraging the knowledge base and expertise of our experienced commercial team and the insights of each of our linaclotide commercialization partners, we continually improve our collective marketing strategies. We continue to plan for a potential commercial launch of apraglutide, if successfully developed and approved, in the U.S. and with partners in territories outside the U.S. For example, we granted AKP an exclusive license to sublicense, develop, commercialize and exploit products derived from apraglutide in Japan. We are considering potential partnerships in other territories outside the U.S. Patents and Proprietary Rights We actively seek to protect the proprietary technology that we consider important to our business, including pursuing patents that cover our products, compositions, and formulations, their methods of use and the processes for their manufacture, as well as any other relevant inventions and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets that may be important to the development of our business. Our success will depend significantly on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for the technology, inventions and improvements we consider important to our business; defend our patents; preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; and operate without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the date of filing the non-provisional application. We expect to apply, and have applied, for patent term extension in countries where it is available. Linaclotide Patent Portfolio After the recent expiration of a number of patents in our linaclotide patent portfolio, our linaclotide patent portfolio is currently composed of 11 patents in the U.S., including 7 U.S. patents listed in the U.S. FDA publication, 11 Table of Contents Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, or the Orange Book, four granted European patents, most of which have been validated in available European countries, ten granted Japanese patents,  a granted Chinese patent, 46 issued patents in other foreign jurisdictions, and numerous pending U.S., foreign and Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, patent applications. We and our partners own, either jointly or individually, all of the issued patents and pending applications. The issued, unexpired U.S. patents, which will expire between 2026 and 2033, contain claims directed to the linaclotide molecule, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, methods of using linaclotide to treat GI disorders, and room temperature stable formulations of linaclotide and methods of use thereof. Linaclotide, the active ingredient in the 72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg LINZESS doses, is covered by a composition of matter patent in the U.S., which recently received pediatric exclusivity, and now expires in 2027. In addition, the commercial formulations of the 72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg LINZESS doses are covered by patents in the U.S. that expire in the early 2030s. The granted, unexpired European patents, which will expire between 2027 and 2031, some of which have received patent term extension, contain claims directed to the linaclotide molecule, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, uses of linaclotide to prepare medicaments for treating GI disorders, and room temperature stable formulations of linaclotide and their use in treating IBS-C and chronic constipation. The granted, unexpired Chinese patent, which will expire in 2029, the granted Japanese patents, which will expire between 2026 and 2036, some of which are subject to granted and potential patent term extension, and the granted patents in other foreign jurisdictions, which will expire between 2026 and 2031, some of which may be subject to potential patent term extension, contain claims directed to the linaclotide molecule, pharmaceutical compositions of linaclotide for use in treating GI disorders, and room temperature stable formulations of linaclotide. We have pending patent applications in certain countries worldwide that, if issued, will expire between 2029 and 2045 and which include claims covering the linaclotide molecule, methods of using linaclotide to treat GI disorders, the current commercial formulations of linaclotide and uses thereof to treat GI disorders and delayed release and other potential formulations of linaclotide. The patent term of a patent that covers a U.S. FDA approved drug is also eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term extension as compensation for some of the patent term lost during the U.S. FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of a single patent applicable to an approved drug for up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent, but the extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval by the U.S. FDA. The United States Patent and Trademark Office has issued a Certificate of Patent Term Extension for U.S. Patent 7,304,036, which covers linaclotide and methods of use thereof. As a result, the patent term of this patent was extended to August 30, 2026, 14 years from the date of linaclotide’s approval by the U.S. FDA. Similar provisions are available in Europe and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. We have received patent term extensions in Japan for several of our linaclotide patents. We have also received patent term extensions, called supplementary protection certificates, for certain linaclotide patents from several national patent offices in Europe.  In addition, in October 2025, the U.S. FDA granted us a pediatric exclusivity for studies conducted on linaclotide, which extended the patent term of U.S. Patent 7,304,036 by six months to February 28, 2027, as well as extending the patent term of the remaining Orange Book listed patent by six months. We and AbbVie received Paragraph IV certification notice letters regarding abbreviated new drug applications, or ANDAs, submitted to the U.S. FDA by five generic drug manufacturers requesting approval to engage in commercial manufacture, use, sale and offer for sale of linaclotide capsules (72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg), proposed generic versions of LINZESS. All five manufacturers requested approval for their 145 mcg and 290 mcg generic doses of LINZESS and two requested additional approval for their 72 mcg generic doses of LINZESS. We and AbbVie have entered into settlement agreements with all five of these generic drug manufacturers providing for licenses to market their 72 mcg (if applicable), 145 mcg and 290 mcg generic versions of LINZESS, beginning as early as March 2029 (subject to U.S. FDA Approval), unless certain limited circumstances, customary for settlement agreements of this nature, occur. Apraglutide Patent Portfolio Our apraglutide patent portfolio includes a patent family which we exclusively license that is composed of one issued U.S. patent and 58 foreign patents. This patent family contains composition-of-matter claims covering apraglutide and methods of treatment using apraglutide. The patents in this patent family that we exclusively license outside of the 12 Table of Contents U.S. are issued in Europe, Japan, China, Australia, Canada, as well as other jurisdictions. The issued European patent is validated and issued in 37 countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy and Spain. Not accounting for any patent term adjustment, regulatory patent term extensions or terminal disclaimers, and assuming that all annuity and/or maintenance fees are paid timely, the patents in this patent family are expected to expire in 2030. Our apraglutide portfolio also includes five wholly owned patent families. The first patent family includes two granted U.S. patent and five pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, as well as 2 granted patents and 16 pending foreign patent applications related to apraglutide. One of the granted U.S. patents in this patent family claims a method of treating SBS at certain doses of apraglutide, and the other claims a liquid formulation of apraglutide for injection.  The pending U.S. and foreign patent applications contain composition-of-matter claims to ultrapure compositions of apraglutide, methods of manufacturing apraglutide, and methods of treatment using apraglutide. Not accounting for any patent term adjustment, regulatory patent term extensions or terminal disclaimers, and assuming that all annuity and/or maintenance fees are paid timely, the U.S. patent, as well as patents granted from the pending U.S and foreign patent applications, would be expected to expire in 2041. The second patent family which we wholly own includes one granted European patent which has been validated in Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy and Spain, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications and 13 pending foreign patent applications related to methods of treating acute Graft versus Host Disease, or aGvHD, using apraglutide. Not accounting for any patent term adjustment, regulatory patent term extension or terminal disclaimers, and assuming that all annuity and/or maintenance fees are paid timely, the granted European patent and any U.S. and foreign patents granted from the pending patent applications would be expected to expire in 2042. We also have two additional patent families related to methods of treating SBS using apraglutide and one patent family related to methods of treating aGvHD with a combination of apraglutide and ruxolitinib.  If granted, these patent applications will expire in 2045. Government Regulation Our business is subject to government regulation in the U.S., E.U., and in other countries. The U.S. FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and other regulatory authorities have very broad enforcement authority and failure to abide by applicable regulatory requirements can result in administrative or judicial sanctions being imposed on us, including warning letters, refusals of government contracts, clinical holds, civil penalties, injunctions, restitution, disgorgement of profits, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, withdrawal of approval, refusal to approve pending applications, and civil or criminal prosecution. Within the U.S., in addition to the U.S. FDA, numerous federal, state and local authorities have jurisdiction over, or enforce laws related to, such activities, including the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, Centers of Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, the U.S. Department of Justice, state Attorneys General, state departments of health and state pharmacy boards. U.S. FDA Approval Process In the U.S., pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. FDA. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and other federal and state statutes and regulations, as well as similar foreign regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-marketing requirements and assessments, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, pricing reimbursement and import and export of pharmaceutical products. No company may market a new drug in the U.S. until it has submitted an NDA to the U.S. FDA, and the U.S. FDA has approved it. The steps required before the U.S. FDA may approve an NDA generally include: ● conducting non-clinical laboratory tests and other studies in compliance with U.S. FDA’s good laboratory practice, or GLP, requirements; ● design of a clinical protocol and submission to the U.S. FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trial may begin; 13 Table of Contents ● approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before each clinical trial may be initiated; ● development, manufacture and testing of active pharmaceutical product and dosage forms suitable for human use in compliance with current GMP; ● conducting adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials that establish the safety and efficacy of the product for its specific intended use(s), in accordance with good clinical practices, or GCP; ● preparation and submission to the U.S. FDA of an NDA; ● review of the NDA by a U.S. FDA advisory committee, where applicable; ● satisfactory completion of one or more U.S. FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current GMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product’s identity, strength, quality and purity; ● satisfactory completion of any U.S. FDA inspections of non-clinical and clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GLP and GCP requirements; ● payment of user fees pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, and securing U.S. FDA approval of the NDA to allow marketing of the new drug product; and ● compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, and any post-approval studies required by the U.S. FDA. Non-clinical tests include laboratory evaluation of the product candidate, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The conduct of the non-clinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLP. With passage of the U.S. FDA’s Modernization Act 2.0 in December 2022, Congress eliminated provisions in the FDCA that required animal testing in support of an NDA. In April 2025, the U.S. FDA released a roadmap to replace animal testing in preclinical safety studies with scientifically validated new approach methodologies, such as organ-on-a-chip systems, computational modeling, and advanced in vitro assays. We must submit the results of the non-clinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and a proposed clinical trial protocol to the U.S. FDA as part of an IND, which must become effective before we may commence human clinical trials in the U.S. The IND will automatically become effective 30 days after its receipt by the U.S. FDA, unless the U.S. FDA raises concerns or questions before that time about the conduct of the proposed trial. In such a case, we must work with the U.S. FDA to resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can proceed. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the U.S. FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that will cause us or the U.S. FDA to modify, suspend or terminate such trials. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an IRB, for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB requirements or if the trial has been associated with unexpected serious harm to subjects. An IRB may also impose other conditions on the trial. For studies conducted outside of the U.S., similarly, we are subject to local regulations which may differ from the U.S. and local regulations must be followed appropriately. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data monitoring committee. This group may recommend continuation of the trial as planned, changes in trial conduct, or cessation of the trial at designated checkpoints based on access to certain data from the trial. Clinical trials involve the administration of the product candidate to humans under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control. Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, though the phases may overlap or be combined. In Phase I, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects, the drug is usually tested for safety (adverse effects), dosage tolerance and 14 Table of Contents pharmacologic action, as well as to understand how the drug is taken up by and distributed within the body. Phase II usually involves studies in a limited patient population (individuals with the disease under study) to: ● evaluate preliminarily the efficacy of the drug for specific, targeted conditions; ● determine dosage tolerance and appropriate dosage as well as other important information about how to design larger Phase III clinical trials; and ● identify possible adverse effects and safety risks. Phase III clinical trials further evaluate clinical efficacy and test for safety within an expanded patient population. The conduct of clinical trials is subject to extensive regulation, including compliance with GCP regulations and guidance, and regulations designed to protect the rights and safety of subjects involved in investigations. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the U.S. FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. In addition, IND safety reports must be submitted to the U.S. FDA for any of the following: serious and unexpected suspected adverse reactions; findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk to humans exposed to the product; and any clinically important increase in the case of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The U.S. FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCPs, and the integrity of the clinical data submitted. In December 2025, the U.S. FDA released final guidance outlining its processes and practices applicable to bioresearch monitoring inspections. The U.S. FDA may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with U.S. FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. We may also suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds. Sponsors of clinical trials of certain U.S. FDA-regulated products, including prescription drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on a public registry maintained by the National Institutes of Health. The failure to submit clinical trial information to clinicaltrials.gov is a prohibited act under the FDCA with violations subject to potential civil monetary penalties, injunctions and/or criminal prosecution or disqualification from federal grants. Although the U.S. FDA has historically not enforced these reporting requirements, the U.S. FDA has issued several notices of non-compliance to manufacturers since April 2021. While these notices of non-compliance did not result in civil monetary penalties, the failure to submit clinical trial information to clinicaltrials.gov, as required, is a prohibited act under the FDCA with violations subject to potential civil monetary penalties of up to $10,000 for each day of the violation. The results of the non-clinical studies and clinical trials, together with other detailed information, including the manufacture and composition of the product candidate, are submitted to the U.S. FDA in the form of an NDA requesting approval to market the drug. The U.S. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. If the NDA contains all pertinent information and data, the U.S. FDA will “file” the application and begin review. In the event it does not, the U.S. FDA will issue a “refuse-to-file” determination and request additional information before filing the NDA. U.S. FDA reviews an NDA pursuant to certain timelines and goals established by the PDUFA.  The review process, however, may be extended by U.S. FDA requests for additional information, non-clinical or clinical studies, clarification regarding information already provided in the submission, or submission of a REMS. The U.S. FDA may refer an application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The U.S. FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. Before approving an NDA, the U.S. FDA will typically inspect the facilities at which the product candidate is manufactured and will not approve the product candidate unless current GMP compliance is satisfactory. The U.S. FDA also typically inspects facilities responsible for performing animal testing, as well as clinical investigators who participate in clinical trials. The U.S. FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional testing or information. If the U.S. FDA decides not to approve an NDA, it will issue a Complete Response Letter outlining the deficiencies in the application and need for additional data and information.  While Complete 15 Table of Contents Response Letters were previously treated by the U.S. FDA as confidential and were only disclosed in action packages for approved products, the U.S. FDA announced in September 2025 that it will release Complete Response Letters promptly after they are issued to sponsors. Since that announcement, the U.S. FDA has posted a number of Complete Response Letters on its website. If the U.S. FDA approves an NDA, it may also limit the indications for use and/or require post marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of a product. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and our product candidates may not be approved on a timely basis, if at all. The time and expense required to perform the clinical testing necessary to obtain U.S. FDA approval for regulated products can frequently exceed the time and expense of the research and development initially required to create the product. The results of non-clinical studies and initial clinical trials of our product candidates are not necessarily predictive of the results from large-scale clinical trials, and clinical trials may be subject to additional costs, delays or modifications due to a number of factors, including difficulty in obtaining enough patients, investigators or product candidate supply. Failure by us or our collaborators, licensors or licensees to obtain, or any delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals or in complying with requirements could adversely affect commercialization and our ability to receive product or royalty revenues. Hatch-Waxman Act The Hatch-Waxman Act established abbreviated approval procedures for generic drugs. Approval to market and distribute these drugs is obtained by submitting an ANDA with the U.S. FDA. The application for a generic drug is “abbreviated” because it need not include non-clinical or clinical data to demonstrate safety and effectiveness and may instead rely on the U.S. FDA’s previous finding that the brand drug, or reference drug, is safe and effective. In order to obtain approval of an ANDA, an applicant must, among other things, establish that its product is bioequivalent to an existing approved drug and that it has the same active ingredient(s), strength, dosage form, and route of administration. A generic drug is considered bioequivalent to its reference drug if testing demonstrates that the rate and extent of absorption of the generic drug is not significantly different from the rate and extent of absorption of the reference drug when administered under similar experimental conditions. The Hatch-Waxman Act also provides incentives by awarding, in certain circumstances, certain legal protections from generic competition. This protection comes in the form of a non-patent exclusivity period, during which the U.S. FDA may not accept, or approve, an application for a generic drug, whether the application for such drug is submitted through an ANDA or a through another form of application, known as a 505(b)(2) application. This type of NDA authorizes the U.S. FDA to approve a follow-on product on the basis of, among other things, the U.S. FDA’s previous findings of safety and effectiveness for a reference product. The Hatch-Waxman Act grants five years of regulatory exclusivity when a company develops and gains NDA approval of a new chemical entity that has not been previously approved by the U.S. FDA. This exclusivity provides that the U.S. FDA may not accept an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application for five years after the date of approval of previously approved drug, or four years in the case of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application that challenges a patent claiming the reference drug (see discussion below regarding Paragraph IV Certifications). The Hatch-Waxman Act also provides three years of regulatory exclusivity for approved applications for drugs that are not new chemical entities, if the application contains the results of new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) conducted or sponsored by the applicant that were essential to approval of the application. Examples of applications that may require new clinical investigations essential to approval and receive three-year exclusivity include applications for new indications, dosage forms (including new drug delivery systems), strengths, or conditions of use for an already approved product. This three-year exclusivity period only protects against U.S. FDA approval of ANDAs and 505(b)(2) applications for generic drugs for the conditions of approval (for example, indication or dosage form) that required new clinical investigations that were essential to approval; it does not prohibit the U.S. FDA from accepting or approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for generic drugs that do not include such conditions of approval. Paragraph IV Certifications. Under the Hatch - Waxman Act, NDA applicants and NDA holders must provide information about certain patents claiming their drugs, or methods of use of the drug that is the subject of the NDA, for listing in the Orange Book. When an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application is submitted, it must contain one of several possible certifications regarding each of the patents listed in the Orange Book for the reference drug. A certification that a listed patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the sale of the proposed product is called a “Paragraph 16 Table of Contents IV” certification. A certification that provides the date a listed patent will expire, but does not challenge the validity, enforceability or infringement of the patent, is called a “Paragraph III” certification. The U.S. FDA can approve the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application containing the Paragraph III certification upon expiration of the patent. Within 20 days of the acceptance by the U.S. FDA of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application containing a Paragraph IV certification, the applicant must notify the NDA holder and patent owner that the application has been submitted and provide the factual and legal basis for the applicant’s opinion that the patent is invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed. The NDA holder or patent holder may then initiate a patent infringement suit in response to the Paragraph IV notice. If this is done within 45 days of receiving notice of the Paragraph IV certification, a 30 - month stay of the U.S. FDA’s ability to approve the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application is triggered. The U.S. FDA may approve the proposed product before the expiration of the 30 - month stay only if a court finds the patent invalid or not infringed, and the court may shorten or lengthen the 30 - month stay under certain limited circumstances. Patent Term Extension. Under the Hatch - Waxman Act, a portion of the patent term lost during product development and U.S. FDA review of an NDA or 505(b)(2) application is extended if approval of the application is the first permitted commercial marketing of a drug containing the active ingredient. The patent term extension period is generally one - half the time between the effective date of the IND and the date of submission of the NDA, plus the time between the date of submission of the NDA and the date of U.S. FDA approval of the product. The maximum period of patent term extension is five years, and the patent cannot be extended to more than 14 years from the date of U.S. FDA approval of the product. Only one unexpired patent claiming the drug product, a method of using the product or a method of manufacturing the product is eligible for extension and the patent holder must apply for extension within 60 days of approval. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in consultation with the U.S. FDA, reviews and approves the application for patent term extension. Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity Orphan drug designation in the U.S. is designed to encourage sponsors to develop products intended for the treatment of rare diseases or conditions. In the U.S., a rare disease or condition is statutorily defined as a condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. or that affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available for the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product in the U.S. Orphan drug designation qualifies a company for certain tax credits. In addition, if a product candidate that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first U.S. FDA approval for that drug for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the U.S. FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years following product approval unless the subsequent product candidate is demonstrated to be clinically superior on the basis of greater efficacy or safety, or by providing a major contribution to patient care. Absent a showing of clinical superiority, the U.S. FDA cannot approve the same product made by another manufacturer for the same indication during the market exclusivity period unless it has the consent of the sponsor, or the sponsor is unable to provide sufficient quantities. Pediatric Exclusivity Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of regulatory exclusivity to the term of any existing patent or non-patent regulatory exclusivity, including orphan exclusivity, for drug products. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if an NDA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the U.S. FDA for such data. If the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the U.S. FDA’s request, the additional exclusivity protection is granted.  This is not a patent term extension, but it effectively extends the period during which the U.S. FDA cannot approve another application. Regulation of Drug-Device Combination Products in the U.S. Certain products may be comprised of components, such as drug components and device components that would normally be subject to different regulatory frameworks by the U.S. FDA and frequently regulated by different centers at the U.S. FDA. These products are known as drug-device combination products. Under the FDCA and its 17 Table of Contents implementing regulations, the U.S. FDA is charged with assigning a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, for review of a drug-device combination product. The determination of which center will be the lead center is based on the “primary mode of action” of the drug-device combination product. Thus, if the primary mode of action of a drug-device combination product is attributable to the drug product, the U.S. FDA center responsible for premarket review of the drug product would have primary jurisdiction for the drug-device combination product. The U.S. FDA has also established an Office of Combination Products to address issues surrounding combination products and provide more certainty to the regulatory review process. That office serves as a focal point for combination product issues for agency reviewers and industry. It is also responsible for developing guidance and regulations to clarify the regulation of combination products, and for assignment of the U.S. FDA center that has primary jurisdiction for review of drug-device combination products where the jurisdiction is unclear or in dispute. A drug-device combination product with a primary mode of action attributable to the drug component generally would be reviewed and approved pursuant to the drug approval processes set forth in the FDCA. In reviewing the NDA for such a product, however, U.S. FDA reviewers could consult with their counterparts in the device center to ensure that the device component of the combination product met applicable requirements regarding safety, effectiveness, durability and performance. Approval may require the performance of certain clinical studies, such as clinical usability or human factors studies to demonstrate the safety and/or effectiveness of the device component of the combination product. In addition, under U.S. FDA regulations, drug-device combination products are subject to current GMP requirements applicable to both drugs and devices, including the Quality System Regulations applicable to medical devices. Other U.S. Regulatory Requirements After approval, finished drug products are subject to extensive continuing regulation by the U.S. FDA, which includes company obligations to manufacture products in accordance with current GMP, maintain and provide to the U.S. FDA updated safety and efficacy information, report adverse experiences with the product, keep certain records and submit periodic reports, obtain U.S. FDA approval of certain manufacturing or labeling changes, and comply with U.S. FDA promotion and advertising requirements and restrictions. Failure to meet these obligations can result in various adverse consequences, both voluntary and U.S. FDA-imposed, including product recalls, withdrawal of approval, restrictions on marketing, and the imposition of civil fines and criminal penalties against the NDA holder. In addition, later discovery of previously unknown safety or efficacy issues may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer or NDA holder. We and our partners and any third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage are required to comply with applicable U.S. FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the U.S. FDA’s current GMP regulations. Current GMP regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. The manufacturing facilities for our products must meet current GMP requirements to the satisfaction of the U.S. FDA pursuant to a pre-approval inspection before we can use them to manufacture our products. We and any third-party manufacturers are also subject to periodic inspections of facilities by the U.S. FDA and other authorities, including procedures and operations used in the testing and manufacture of our products to assess our compliance with applicable regulations. With respect to post-market product advertising and promotion, the U.S. FDA imposes a number of complex regulations on entities that advertise and promote pharmaceuticals, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions on promoting drugs for uses, conditions or diseases, or in patient populations that are not consistent with the drug’s approved labeling (known as “off-label use”), and principles governing industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Failure to comply with U.S. FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, warning or untitled letters from the U.S. FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors or patients, and civil or criminal penalties. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. In January 2025, the U.S. FDA published final guidance outlining the agency’s non-binding policies governing the distribution of scientific information on unapproved uses to healthcare providers. This final guidance calls for such communications to be truthful, non-misleading, factual, and unbiased and include all information necessary for healthcare providers to interpret the strengths and weaknesses and validity and utility of the information about the unapproved use. On September 9, 2025, the President issued a Memorandum directing HHS to “ensure transparency and accuracy in direct-to-consumer prescription drug advertising, including by increasing the amount of information 18 Table of Contents regarding any risks associated with the use of any such prescription drug required to be provided in prescription drug advertisements.”  To that end, the U.S. FDA announced that it is initiating a rulemaking process “to eliminate the ‘adequate provision’ loophole that allows pharmaceutical advertisements to hide safety information by placing it in another format or location.” In this context, the U.S. FDA declared that it will no longer tolerate what it characterized as “deceptive practices” in prescription drug advertising and that the agency would “aggressively deploy” its available enforcement tools, with “heightened scrutiny” of fair balance and disclosures in social media promotions.  The U.S. FDA also issued a generic “notice letter” directing companies to “remove any noncompliant advertising and bring all promotional communications into compliance.” Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and U.S. FDA approval of a new NDA or sNDA before the change can be implemented. An sNDA for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar in type and quality to the clinical data supporting the original application for the original indication, and the U.S. FDA uses similar procedures and actions in reviewing such sNDAs as it does in reviewing NDAs. Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following U.S. FDA approval of an NDA. The U.S. FDA also may require post marketing testing, known as Phase IV testing, REMS, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or to place conditions on an approval that restrict the distribution or use of the product. Outside the U.S., our and our collaborators’ abilities to market a product are contingent upon receiving marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national level, although within the E.U. registration procedures are available to companies wishing to market a product in more than one E.U. member state. We are subject to U.S. federal and foreign anti-corruption laws. Those laws include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing, or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA encompasses certain healthcare professionals in many countries. We are also subject to similar laws of other countries that have enacted anti-corruption laws and regulations. EU Marketing Approval of Medicinal Products In order to market any product outside of the U.S., a company also must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of products. Regardless of whether or not it obtains U.S. FDA approval for a product, an applicant will need to obtain the necessary marketing approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before it can initiate clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries or jurisdictions. Specifically, there are a number of similarities between the process regarding regulatory approval of medicinal products in the European Economic Area, or EEA, and that in the U.S. Marketing approval requires satisfactory completion of pharmaceutical development, non-clinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the medicinal product for each proposed indication. It also requires the submission to relevant competent authorities for a clinical trial authorization to be granted and to the EMA, or to competent authorities in E.U. Member States for granting of a marketing authorization by these authorities before the product can be marketed and sold in the E.U. Clinical Trial Approval . Similar to the U.S., the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the E.U. are subject to significant regulatory controls. Certain preclinical (also termed “non-clinical”) data is required in order to inform the scientific basis for clinical trials to be conducted and later for such data to be used in the dossier for supporting a marketing authorization application, or MAA. Preclinical data are required to guide the clinical development, from Phase I (first-in-human clinical trials) through to Phases II and III, to establish the safety and efficacy of a medicinal product. During all phases of clinical development, national competent authorities of E.U. Member States and other comparable regulatory authorities require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical trial related activities, to ensure safety of the trial participants, and quality and integrity of trial data. In the E.U., clinical trials are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (E.U.) No. 536/2014, or CTR, which entered into application on January 31, 2022, replacing Directive 2001/20/EC, or CTD. The CTR is intended to 19 Table of Contents harmonize and streamline clinical trial authorizations, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase their transparency. Prior to commencing a clinical trial, the sponsor must obtain a clinical trial authorization from competent authorities of E.U. Member States in which the sponsor intends on carrying out clinical trials, and a positive opinion from an independent Ethics Committee. The CTR, which is directly applicable in all E.U. Member States, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the “E.U. portal”, the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS. Since January 31, 2023, the use of CTIS has become mandatory for all clinical trial sponsors submitting initial applications for the approval of their clinical trials in the E.U. The CTR also establishes a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application including, among other things, a copy of the trial protocol and an investigational medicinal product dossier containing information about the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. Ongoing clinical trials authorized under CTD with at least one active site in the E.U. on January 30, 2025 needed to be transitioned to CTR. Active site in the context of transitioning means that the last visit of the last subject, or the other trial-related interventions with the subject specified in the protocol, will take place after January 30, 2025. Clinical trials with no active sites authorized under CTD do not need to be transitioned even if the global trial is still ongoing outside the E.U. after the transition deadline. Clinical trials of medicinal products in the E.U. must be conducted in accordance with current good clinical practices requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements, including those foreseen in the Good Clinical Practice Directive 2005/28/EC, and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. Studies should also be conducted in accordance with all applicable EMA, European Commission and national guidelines. Medicinal products used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on current GMP, and in a GMP compliant facility, which can be subject to GMP inspections. Marketing Authorization . To obtain a marketing authorization to market a medicinal product in the EEA, an applicant must submit an MAA, either in accordance with a centralized procedure administered by the EMA or one of the procedures administered by competent authorities in E.U. Member States (decentralized procedure, national procedure or mutual recognition procedure). A marketing authorization may be granted only to an applicant established in the E.U. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission that is valid in all E.U. Member States and through the EEA Member States – Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific medicinal products, including those (i) derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) designated as orphan medicinal products, (iii) that are classified as advanced therapy medicinal products, or ATMPs, and (iv) containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, authorization through the centralized procedure is optional for product approval. Under the centralized procedure, the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, conducts the scientific assessment of a medicinal product in respect of its safety, quality and efficacy for the purpose of determining its approvability. Under the centralized procedure in the EEA, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA is 210 days, excluding clock stops. Procedural clock-stops provide the applicant with the time to gather additional information in response to the outstanding questions raised by the CHMP. Accelerated assessment may be accepted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is considered to be of major interest from the point of view of public health, and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts a request for accelerated assessment, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days. The CHMP can, however, revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. A marketing authorization granted under the E.U. regulatory system is valid for five years. The MA may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the E.U. Member State in which the original MA was granted. To support the application, the MA holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the electronic Common Technical 20 Table of Contents Document providing up-to-date data concerning the quality, safety and efficacy of the product, including all variations introduced since the MA was granted, at least nine months before the MA ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the E.U. Member States may decide on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year renewal period for the MA. Thereafter, the MA shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the E.U. market (for a centralized MA) or on the market of the authorizing E.U. Member State within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause). Innovative products that target an unmet medical need and are expected to be of major public health interest may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the Priority Medicines, or PRIME, scheme, which provides incentives similar to the breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. PRIME is a voluntary scheme aimed at enhancing the EMA’s support for the development of medicinal products that target unmet medical needs. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need (there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the E.U. or, if there is, the new medicinal product will bring a major therapeutic advantage) and they must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. Combination Products. As in the U.S., the regulation of combination drug-device products depends in large part on which component has the primary mode of action. Where a medical device incorporates a medicinal product as an integral part as a single use drug delivery system, it is regulated as a medicinal product in accordance with Directive 2001/83/EC. In this case, the relevant General Safety and Performance Requirements of the Medical Device Regulation will apply to the safety and performance of the drug delivery device component. Orphan Medicinal Product Designation and Exclusivity .  Regulation (EC) No. 141/2000, as implemented by Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000, provides that a medicinal product can be designated as an orphan medicinal product by the European Commission if its sponsor can establish that (1) the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in ten thousand persons in the E.U. when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the E.U.; and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition in question that has been authorized in the E.U. or, if such method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. In the E.U., an application for designation as an orphan product can be made any time prior to the filing of the MAA. Orphan medicinal product designation entitles a sponsor to incentives such as fee reductions or fee waivers, protocol assistance, and access to the centralized MA procedure. Upon grant of an MA, provided that the orphan designation is maintained following a satisfactory re-assessment by the Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, or COMP, of the EMA of the criteria for orphan designation, orphan medicinal products are entitled to a ten-year period of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication, which means that the EMA cannot accept another MAA, or grant an MA, or accept an application to extend an MA for a similar product for the same indication for a period of ten years. The period of market exclusivity is extended by two years for orphan medicinal products provided that the results of all studies conducted in compliance with an agreed PIP are provided – even though the results do not lead to an approval of a pediatric indication, but the results of the studies conducted are reflected in the summary of product characteristics and, if appropriate, in the package leaflet of the medicinal product concerned. Orphan medicinal product designation does not confer any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The period of market exclusivity may, however, be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria on the basis of which it received orphan medicinal product destination, including where it can be demonstrated on the basis of available evidence that the original orphan medicinal product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity or where the prevalence of the condition has increased above the threshold. Additionally, an MA may be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication during the 10 year period if: (i) if the applicant consents to a second original orphan medicinal product application, (ii) if the manufacturer of the original orphan medicinal product is unable to supply sufficient 21 Table of Contents quantities; or (iii) if the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. A company may voluntarily remove a product from the register of orphan products. Post-Approval Requirements .  Where an MA is granted in relation to a medicinal product in the EEA, the holder of the MA is required to comply with a range of regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. Similar to the U.S., both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the individual EEA countries. The holder of an MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint a qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports, or PSURs. All new MAAs must include a risk management plan describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk-minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. In the E.U., the advertising and promotion of medicinal products are subject to both E.U. and E.U. Member States’ laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians and other healthcare professionals, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. Although general requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products are established under E.U. law, the implementing rules in each member state may differ from one country to another. In addition, the statutory control regime could be supplemented by the voluntary control of advertising of medicinal products by self-regulatory bodies. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. International Regulation In addition to regulations in the U.S. and the E.U., we could become subject to a variety of other foreign regulations regarding development, approval, commercial sales and distribution of our products if we seek to market our product candidates in other jurisdictions. Whether or not we obtain U.S. FDA or EMA approval for a product, we must obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and can involve additional product testing and additional review periods, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required to obtain U.S. FDA or EMA approval. The requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Pricing and Reimbursement Within the U.S., significant uncertainty exists regarding the coverage and reimbursement status of products approved by the U.S. FDA. Sales of our product, and any future products which obtain marketing approval, depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug or biologic typically is separate from the process for setting the price of such a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the U.S. FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover our products or to restrict coverage of our products could reduce utilization of our products. Moreover, a third-party payor’s 22 Table of Contents decision to provide coverage for a finished drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor’s decision to cover a particular product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal and state governments, and the prices of drugs and biologics have been a focus in this effort. Federal and state governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of new or enhanced cost-containment measures could limit our net revenue and results. Third party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and examining the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. Restrictions in coverage or decreases in third-party reimbursement for our products could have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. We expect that the pharmaceutical industry will experience pricing pressures due to the increasing influence of managed care (and related implementation of managed care strategies to control utilization), additional federal and state legislative and regulatory proposals to regulate pricing of drugs, limit coverage of drugs or reduce reimbursement for drugs, and public scrutiny of drug pricing. There have been and likely will continue to be health care reform efforts.  For example, federal legislation enacted in 2021 eliminated a statutory cap on Medicaid drug rebate program rebates effective January 1, 2024. As another example, the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, of 2022, contains various drug pricing and payment provisions. Among other provisions, the IRA imposes a yearly cap ($2,000 in 2025) on out-of-pocket prescription drug prices in Medicare Part D. Additionally, the IRA, through a newly established Manufacturer Discount Program, eliminated, effective January 1, 2025, the size of the discount on brand-name drugs that pharmaceutical manufacturers are required to offer Medicare beneficiaries who are in the Medicare Part D coverage gap, or “donut hole,” by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide a 10% discount in the initial coverage phase of the plan and 20% discount in the catastrophic coverage phase of the plan on brand-name drugs. In addition, the IRA requires Medicare to negotiate Medicare prices for certain high-cost drugs and biologicals, including both physician-administered products covered under Medicare Part B benefit and self-administered drugs covered under the Medicare Part D benefit. The CMS annually selects a specified number of negotiation-eligible drugs from those drugs with the highest total Medicare Part B or D expenditures over a preceding 12-month period. Eligible drugs generally include single source brand-name drugs or biological products that have been on the market without therapeutically-equivalent generic or biosimilar alternatives for a specified number of years with certain exceptions. Drugs and biologics that have been approved for a single rare disease or condition were originally categorically excluded from price negotiation. With passage of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act on July 3, 2025, Congress extended this exemption to drugs and biologics with multiple orphan drug designations. CMS will publish the negotiated price, known as the “Maximum Fair Price”, or MFP, for each of the selected products. Manufacturers of selected drugs would be required to offer the drug for Medicare recipients at the MFP. Manufacturers who fail to negotiate or offer the MFP can face significant civil money penalties or excise tax liability on sales of that drug. In 2024, the HHS published the results of the first Medicare drug price negotiations for 10 selected drugs that treat a range of conditions, including diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and rheumatoid arthritis, and the prices of the selected drugs became effective on January 1, 2026.  On January 17, 2025, HHS announced the selection of 15 additional drugs, which included LINZESS, covered by Medicare Part D, for the second cycle of price negotiations, and on November 25, 2025, HHS released the MFP for LINZESS. The MFP for a 30-day equivalent supply of LINZESS, which will become the new Medicare net price as of January 1, 2027, is set to $136. The revised MFP for LINZESS was in line with our expectations. On April 15, 2025, President Trump issued an Executive Order which directs HHS to take steps to reduce the prices of pharmaceutical products.  The new Executive Order, among other things, directs the U.S. FDA to streamline and improve its existing drug importation program so as to make it easier for states to obtain approval without sacrificing the safety or quality of drug products. Other provisions of the Executive Order relate to the 340B program. With respect to the IRA’s Medicare drug pricing program, the Executive Order, among other things, calls for alignment in “the treatment of small molecule prescription drugs with that of biological products, ending the distortion that undermines 23 Table of Contents relative investment in small molecule prescription drugs, coupled with other reforms to prevent any increase in overall costs to Medicare and its beneficiaries.” Further, on May 12, 2025, President Trump issued an additional Executive Order calling on pharmaceutical manufacturers to voluntarily reduce the prices of medicines in the U.S. The Executive Order directs the Secretary of HHS to communicate most-favored-nation, or MFN, price targets to pharmaceutical manufacturers to bring prices in line with comparably developed nations. The Executive Order further provides that if such actions do not lower the costs of pharmaceuticals, the Secretary of HHS would pursue other actions, including proposing a rulemaking that imposes MFN pricing in the United States. Subsequently, on May 20, 2025, HHS indicated that the proposed MFN pricing will apply only to brand products without generic or biosimilar competition and the reference foreign countries will include only those in which the branded product similarly does not have generic or biosimilar competition.  Second, HHS indicated that the MFN target price will be the lowest price in a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, with a gross domestic product, or GDP, per capita of at least 60% of the U.S. GDP per capita. Based on previous estimates, there are likely at least 22 OECD countries that would satisfy this criterion. The implications of these actions remain unclear and are likely to result in litigation if the administration pursues an MFN regulatory pricing requirement. Subsequently, on May 20, 2025, HHS indicated that the proposed MFN pricing will apply only to brand products without generic or biosimilar competition and the reference foreign countries will include only those in which the branded product similarly does not have generic or biosimilar competition.  Second, HHS indicated that the MFN target price will be the lowest price in a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, with a gross domestic product, or GDP, per capita of at least 60% of the U.S. GDP per capita. Based on previous estimates, there are likely at least 22 OECD countries that would satisfy this criterion. On July 31, 2025, the President issued letters to 17 pharmaceutical companies reiterating the requirements of the May 12, 2025 Executive Order and demanding that such companies extend MFN pricing to Medicaid patients, guarantee MFN pricing for newly-launched drug products, return increased revenues abroad to American patients and provide for direct purchasing at MFN pricing. The letters also urged these companies to stipulate that they will not offer other developed nations better prices for new drugs than the prices offered for such products in the U.S. Nearly all of these pharmaceutical companies have entered into agreements with the Trump administration to provide for lower prices on certain pharmaceuticals. While we cannot predict what executive, legislative and regulatory proposals will be adopted or other actions will occur, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. For additional information relating to pricing and reimbursement and legislative and other reform initiatives that may affect coverage, pricing and reimbursement, see

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, experience manufacturing or distribution difficulties, or are otherwise unable to manufacture and distribute sufficient quantities to meet demand, our development and commercialization efforts may be materially harmed. ​ We have no internal manufacturing or distribution capabilities. Instead, we rely on a combination of contract manufacturers and our partners to manufacture API, finished drug product and finished goods for linaclotide, apraglutide, and our other product candidates. For linaclotide, each of our partners is responsible for API, finished drug product and finished goods manufacturing (including bottling and packaging) for its respective territories and distributing the finished goods to wholesalers. We and/or our partners have commercial supply agreements with independent third parties to manufacture linaclotide API. For apraglutide, we design and develop the manufacturing process together with CDMOs, and we rely on these CDMOs and other third-party suppliers for the manufacture and supply, including filling and packaging of all the components of the finished product for human use. Should we, or any of our partners or any third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage, experience setbacks or challenges in our manufacturing efforts, our development and commercialization efforts may be materially harmed. ​ Each of our partners and the third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage, must comply with GMP and other stringent regulatory requirements enforced by the U.S. FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. These requirements include, among other things, quality control, quality assurance and the maintenance of records and documentation, which occur in addition to our and our partners’ own quality assurance releases. ​ If we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with a facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or the manufacturer, including withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we, our partners or the manufacturing facilities for our products fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may take the following actions, among others: ​ ● issue warning letters or untitled letters; ​ ● impose civil or criminal penalties; ​ ● suspend or withdraw regulatory approval; ​ ● suspend any ongoing clinical trials; ​ ● refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to applications submitted by us or our partners; ​ ● impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or ​ ● seize or detain products or require us to initiate a product recall. ​ Manufacturers of our products may be unable to comply with these GMP requirements and with other regulatory requirements. We have little control over compliance with these regulations and standards by our partners and the third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage. ​ In addition, we expect that apraglutide may be regulated by the U.S. FDA as a drug-device combination product. Our third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with GMP regulations applicable to drug-device combination products, including applicable provisions of the U.S. FDA’s drug GMP regulations and device GMP requirements embodied in the Quality System Regulation, or similar regulatory requirements outside the U.S. ​ Our partners and the third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage may experience problems with their respective manufacturing and distribution operations and processes, including, for example, quality issues, such as product specification and stability failures, procedural deviations, improper equipment installation or operation, utility failures, contamination, natural disasters and public health epidemics. In addition, the raw materials necessary to make API for our products and product candidates are acquired from a limited number of sources. Any delay or disruption in 40 Table of Contents the availability of raw materials or a change in raw material suppliers could result in production disruptions, delays or higher costs with consequent adverse effects on us. ​ The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in commercial production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product and quality assurance testing, and shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with federal, state and foreign regulations and the challenges associated with complex supply chain management. Even if our partners or the third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage do not experience problems and commercial manufacturing is achieved, their maximum or available manufacturing capacities may be insufficient to meet commercial demand. Finding alternative manufacturers or adding additional manufacturers requires a significant amount of time and involves significant expense. New manufacturers would need to develop and implement the necessary production techniques and processes, which along with their facilities, would need to be inspected and approved by the regulatory authorities in each applicable territory. ​ If our partners or the third-party manufacturers we or our partners engage fail to adhere to applicable GMP or other regulatory requirements, experience delays or disruptions in the availability of raw materials or experience manufacturing or distribution problems, we will suffer significant consequences, including product seizures or recalls, loss of product approval, fines and sanctions, reputational damage, shipment delays, inventory shortages, inventory write-offs and other product-related charges and increased manufacturing costs. If we experience any of these results, or if maximum or available manufacturing capacities are insufficient to meet demand, our and our partners’ development or commercialization efforts may be materially harmed. ​ If any of our linaclotide partners undergoes a change of control or in management, this may adversely affect our collaborative relationship or the success of the commercialization of linaclotide in the U.S. or in the other countries where it is approved, or the ability to achieve regulatory approval, launch and commercialize linaclotide in other territories. ​ We work jointly and collaboratively with partners on many aspects of the development, manufacturing and/or commercialization of linaclotide. In doing so, we have established relationships with several key members of the management teams of our linaclotide partners in functional areas such as development, quality, regulatory, drug safety and pharmacovigilance, operations, marketing, sales, field operations and medical science. Further, the success of our collaborations is highly dependent on the resources, efforts and skills of our partners and their key employees. As we and our partners develop and commercialize linaclotide in the U.S. and the other countries where it is approved, and develop, launch and commercialize linaclotide in other parts of the world, the drug’s success becomes more dependent on us maintaining highly collaborative and well aligned partnerships.  If any of our linaclotide partners undergoes a change of control or in management, we would similarly need to reestablish many relationships and confirm alignment, including on our development and commercialization strategy for linaclotide. Further, in connection with any change of control or change in management, there is inherent uncertainty and disruption in operations, which could result in distraction, inefficiencies, and misalignment of priorities. As a result, in the event of a change of control or in management at one of our linaclotide partners, we cannot be sure that we will be able to successfully execute on our development and commercialization strategy for linaclotide in an effective and efficient manner and without disruption or reduced performance. Finally, any change of control or in management may result in a reprioritization of linaclotide within a partner’s portfolio, or such partner may fail to maintain the financial or other resources necessary to continue supporting its portion of the development, manufacturing or commercialization of linaclotide. ​ If any of our linaclotide partners undergoes a change of control and the acquirer either (i) is unable to perform such partner’s obligations under its collaboration or license agreement with us or (ii) does not comply with the divestiture or certain other provisions of the applicable agreement, we have the right to terminate the collaboration or license agreement and re-acquire that partner’s rights with respect to linaclotide. If we elect to exercise these rights in such circumstances, we will need to either establish the capability to develop, manufacture and commercialize linaclotide in that partnered territory on our own or we will need to establish a relationship with a new partner. We have assembled a team that represents the functional areas necessary to support the commercialization of LINZESS in the U.S. If AbbVie was subject to a change of control that allowed us to further commercialize LINZESS in the U.S. on our own, and we chose to do so, we would need to enhance each of these functional aspects, as well as develop others, to replace the capabilities that AbbVie was previously providing to the collaboration. Any such transition might result in a 41 Table of Contents period of reduced efficiency or performance by our operations and commercialization teams, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize LINZESS. ​ We do not have certain operational capabilities outside of the U.S. If AbbVie, Astellas or AstraZeneca was subject to a change of control that allowed us to continue linaclotide’s development or commercialization anywhere outside of the U.S. on our own, and we chose to do so rather than establishing a relationship with a new partner, we would need to build operational capabilities in the relevant territory. In any of these situations, the development and commercialization of linaclotide could be negatively impacted. ​ We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to continue the development of our product candidates, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be harmed. ​ We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party CROs to execute our ongoing clinical trial programs, including an anticipated confirmatory Phase III clinical trial for apraglutide. We control only certain aspects of the CROs’ activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies and trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our CROs and other vendors are required to comply with GMP, good clinical practices, and good laboratory practices, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the U.S. FDA, the competent authorities of the individual EEA countries and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for our current product candidate in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these regulations through periodic inspections of study sponsors, principal investigators, study sites and other contractors. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable regulations, the data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the U.S. FDA, EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. There are no guarantees that, upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the relevant regulations. ​ If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether they devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical programs. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. CROs may also generate higher costs than anticipated. ​ Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result of switching CROs, delays may occur, which could impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges in their implementation of our clinical studies or that these challenges will not have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects. ​ Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal and Compliance Matters ​ We face potential product liability exposure, and, if claims brought against us are successful, we could incur substantial liabilities. ​ The use of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of our approved products, including the sale of linaclotide, expose us to product liability claims. If we do not successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liabilities. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: ​ ● decreased demand for approved products; ​ ● impairment of our business reputation; 42 Table of Contents ​ ● withdrawal of clinical trial participants; ​ ● initiation of investigations by regulators; ​ ● litigation costs; ​ ● distraction of management’s attention from our primary business; ​ ● substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; ​ ● loss of revenues; and ​ ● the inability to commercialize our product candidates. We currently have product liability insurance coverage for the commercial sale of our products and for the clinical trials of our product candidates which is subject to industry-standard terms, conditions and exclusions. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to reimburse us for expenses or losses associated with claims. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and adversely affect our business. ​ We will incur significant liability if it is determined that we are promoting any “off-label” uses of our products. ​ Physicians are permitted to prescribe drug products and medical devices for uses that are not described in the product’s labeling and that differ from those approved by the U.S. FDA or other applicable regulatory agencies. Such “off-label” uses are common across medical specialties. Although the U.S. FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician’s choice of treatments, the U.S. FDA and other regulatory agencies do restrict manufacturer communications on off-label use. Companies are not permitted to promote drugs or medical devices for off-label uses or to promote unapproved drugs or medical devices. Accordingly, we do not permit promotion of any product that we develop, license, commercialize, promote, co-promote or otherwise partner prior to approval or for any indication, population or use not described in or consistent with such product’s labeling. The U.S. FDA and other regulatory and enforcement authorities actively enforce laws and regulations prohibiting promotion of off-label uses and the promotion of products for which marketing approval has not been obtained. A company that is found to have promoted off-label uses or have engaged in improper pre-approval promotion will be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions. Even if it is later determined that we were not in violation of these laws, we may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending our actions and have to divert significant management resources from other matters. ​ Notwithstanding the regulatory restrictions on off-label promotion, the U.S. FDA and other regulatory authorities allow companies to engage in truthful, non-misleading, and non-promotional disease awareness and scientific exchange concerning their products, investigational assets and therapeutic areas of interest. We intend to engage in disease awareness and medical and scientific exchange and education activities and communicate with healthcare providers in compliance with all applicable laws, regulatory guidance and industry best practices. Although we believe we have put in place a robust compliance program, which is designed to ensure that all such activities are performed in a legal and compliant manner, we cannot be certain that our program will address all areas of potential exposure and the risks in this area cannot be entirely eliminated. ​ If we fail to comply with healthcare and other regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. ​ The marketing of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products and related arrangements with healthcare providers, third-party payors, patients and other third parties in the healthcare industry are subject to a wide range of healthcare laws and regulations within the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and 43 Table of Contents regulations may constrain our business and/or financial arrangements. Within the U.S., federal laws and regulations include: ​ ● federal healthcare program anti-kickback laws, which prohibit, among other things, persons from offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchasing or ordering of, a good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; ​ ● federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, information or claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to manufacturers for reasons including providing coding and billing advice to customers or engaging in prohibited off-label promotional activities; ​ ● federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and which also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on certain types of entities, which include many healthcare providers with whom we interact and health plans with which we may interact; ​ ● the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product and medical device marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing such products prior to approval or for off-label use and regulates the distribution of samples; ​ ● the 21 st Century Cures Act, which amends Section 114 of the Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act of 1997 to define healthcare economic information and the circumstances under which healthcare economic information may be disseminated; ​ ● federal laws, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs; and ​ ● the so-called “federal sunshine” law, which requires pharmaceutical and medical device companies to monitor and report certain financial interactions with physicians, certain non-physician practitioners and teaching hospitals to the federal government for re-disclosure to the public. ​ There are also state law equivalents of certain of the above federal laws, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts, which laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, state transparency laws, state laws limiting interactions between pharmaceutical manufacturers and members of the healthcare industry, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances. ​ Other laws and regulations have also been enacted by various states to regulate the sales and marketing practices of pharmaceutical or biopharmaceutical manufacturers. The laws and regulations generally limit financial interactions between manufacturers and health care providers; require manufacturers to comply with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government; and/or require disclosure to the government and/or public of financial interactions (so-called “sunshine laws”). State laws may also require disclosure of pharmaceutical pricing information and marketing expenditures. Certain state and local laws require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Additionally, some individual states have begun establishing Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (or similar entities) to review high-cost drugs and, in some cases, set upper payment limits. Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. ​ Additionally, in its 2024 decision in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo , the U.S. Supreme Court overruled the “Chevron doctrine,” which gives deference to regulatory agencies’ statutory interpretations in litigation against 44 Table of Contents federal government agencies, such as the U.S. FDA, CMS and other federal agencies where the law is ambiguous. This Supreme Court decision may lead to challenges of long standing decisions and policies of these agencies, which could lead to uncertainties in the industry and disrupt the federal agency’s operations. ​ Outside the U.S., our activities may be subject to healthcare laws.  For example, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order, or use of medicinal products is prohibited in the E.U. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of E.U. Member States, and by Bribery Act 2010 in the United Kingdom. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. ​ Payments made to physicians in certain E.U. Member States must be publicly disclosed, and in the United Kingdom a public consultation on the introduction of equivalent transparency requirements is currently underway. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his or her competent professional organization, and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual E.U. Member States and the United Kingdom. These requirements are provided in the national laws, self-regulatory industry codes, or professional codes of conduct applicable in the E.U. Member States and the United Kingdom. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines, or imprisonment. ​ We also are subject to the FCPA which prohibits corporations and individuals from paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity, related to any ex-U.S. activities, as well as other similar anti-bribery laws in any other country in which we may do business. ​ It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices, or the business practices of third parties with whom we collaborate, may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations, or those of third party partners, are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations, we may be subject to lawsuits, significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. ​ We are subject to stringent and changing U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; disruptions of our operating results and business; and other adverse business consequences. We may be subject to privacy and security laws in the various jurisdictions, both inside and outside the U.S., in which we operate and/or obtain or store personally identifiable information, such as the E.U. GDPR, the United Kingdom’s GDPR and the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection, or FADP. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. For example, the GDPR, which took effect in May 2018, applies to the processing of personal data in the EEA. The GDPR increases obligations with respect to clinical trials and non-clinical studies conducted in the EEA, by certain companies that process data in relation to (i) offering goods or services to, or (ii) monitoring the behavior of, individuals located in the EEA. As such, we are subject to the GDPR for data processing associated, for example, with conducting clinical trials in the EEA or entering into research collaborations in the EEA. The GDPR imposes stringent obligations for processing of personal data, such as setting high standards for consent, requiring the provision of detailed processing notices, facilitating the exercise of data subject rights and requiring reporting certain data breaches to regulators and affected individuals, as well as establishing standards for how we document our relationships with third parties that process GDPR-covered personal data on our behalf. The FADP also applies to the collection and processing of personal data by companies located in Switzerland, or in certain circumstances, by companies located outside of Switzerland. The FADP has been revised and adopted by the Swiss Parliament and took effect on September 1, 2023. The revisions to the FADP may result in increased costs of compliance, risks of noncompliance and penalties for noncompliance. ​ 45 Table of Contents The GDPR, United Kingdom’s GDPR and FADP also increase the scrutiny applied to transfers of personal data from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, respectively (including from clinical trial sites in the EEA) to countries that are considered by the European Commission, United Kingdom or Switzerland, respectively, to lack an adequate level of data protection, such as the U.S. In July 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which permits U.S. companies who self-certify under the framework to rely on it as a valid data transfer mechanism for data transfers from the E.U. to the U.S. There is currently one pending litigation against the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework before the Court of Justice of the E.U. and we expect there to be additional legal challenges in the future. If these challenges are successful, they may not only impact the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, but also further limit the viability of the so-called standard contractual clauses and other data transfer mechanisms. The uncertainty around this issue has the potential to impact our business. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms or where the standard contractual clauses cannot be used, we could incur additional compliance costs, complaints, and/or regulatory investigations and, if we are unable to otherwise transfer personal data among jurisdictions in which we operate, our services and geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations could be affected. ​ In addition, in the U.S., we are subject to the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, which became effective on January 1, 2023 (the CPRA, together with CCPA, the California Privacy Law). The California Privacy Law gives California consumers (defined to include all California residents) certain rights regarding personal information collected about them; the California Privacy Law also imposes certain obligations and limitations on companies regarding the collection, use, selling or sharing (as defined in the California Privacy Law) of personal information collected from or about California consumers. Other states have passed or may pass comprehensive privacy laws or laws specifically regulating health information that may affect our business. For example, Washington state passed the My Health My Data Act to which we are subject, which regulates the collection and sharing of health information, and provides a right of action for violation of the statute. ​ The compliance obligations imposed by the GDPR, United Kingdom’s GDPR, FADP, the California Privacy Law, Washington’s My Health My Data Act, and other applicable privacy laws, have required us to revise our operations. Breaches of applicable data protection requirements may result in substantial fines and other regulatory penalties, as well as confer a private right of action on data subjects or consumers and their representatives for breaches of certain data protection requirements. We expect to be subject to additional privacy laws at both the U.S. state level and abroad as many jurisdictions either recently have data privacy legislation or are considering enacting such legislation to which we may become subject. Achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable international, federal and state privacy, security, fraud and reporting laws may prove time-consuming and costly. ​ If our operations, or the operations of third parties upon which we rely, are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other laws, rules or regulations that apply to us, we will be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. For example, under the GDPR and the United Kingdom’s GDPR, penalties for noncompliance could be up to 20 million Euros or 4% of our total worldwide annual revenue of the preceding financial year, whichever is greater. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, rules or regulations, we cannot be certain that our program will address all areas of potential exposure and the risks in this area cannot be entirely eliminated, particularly because the requirements and government interpretations of the requirements in this space are constantly evolving. Any action against us for violation of these laws, rules or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business, as well as damage our business or reputation. ​ The VectivBio Acquisition increases our exposure to doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Following the VectivBio Acquisition, we retained VectivBio’s legacy headquarters in Basel, Switzerland and, as a result, we now have employees and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Operating in foreign jurisdictions exposes us to additional risks such as fluctuations in currency exchange rates; compliance with different legal and regulatory environments; foreign regulatory regimes applicable to clinical trials and obtaining approvals for product candidates; compliance with applicable data privacy laws and regimes such as the E.U. GDPR, the United Kingdom’s GDPR and the Swiss FADP; risk relating to the political and economic status of foreign governments; differences in the manner in which different cultures do business; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; differences in financial reporting; and operating difficulties; among other factors. The realization of any of these risks, if severe enough, could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 46 Table of Contents Risks Related to Intellectual Property ​ Limitations on our ability to obtain patent protection and/or the patent rights relating to our products and our product candidates may limit our ability to prevent third parties from competing against us. ​ Our success depends on our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient patent protection for our products and product candidates, preserve our trade secrets, prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights and operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. ​ The strength of patents in the pharmaceutical industry involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. Patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time until they are published, and publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature typically lags actual discoveries by several months or more. As a result, we cannot be certain that we were the first to conceive inventions covered by our patents and pending patent applications or that we were the first to file patent applications for such inventions. In addition, we cannot be certain that our patent applications will be granted, that any issued patents will adequately protect our intellectual property, or that such patents will not be challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented. ​ We have several issued patents in the U.S. related to LINZESS, including a LINZESS composition of matter and methods of use patent (U.S. Patent 7,304,036), which in October 2025 received pediatric exclusivity, and consequently will now expire in 2027. Additional U.S. patents related to LINZESS include multiple patents relating to our commercial, room temperature stable formulations of the 72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg doses of linaclotide and methods of using these formulations, the latest of which expires in the early 2030s, as well as other patents and patent applications covering formulations of linaclotide, and molecules related to linaclotide. In addition, we have exclusive rights to apraglutide including issued composition of matter and method of use patents in the U.S. in lead indications. We aim to maintain a strong and broad estate of patents in the U.S. and other geographic areas. To this end, we have exclusively licensed 59 patents and 3 pending patent applications in the U.S., E.U., Japan, China and other jurisdictions protecting apraglutide. We also own two U.S. granted patents, one granted European patent and two granted Japanese patents as well as approximately 40 pending patent applications worldwide that cover apraglutide, including ultrapure compositions, methods of manufacture and methods of use in various diseases. Although none of these issued patents currently is subject to a patent reexamination or review, we cannot guarantee that they will not be subject to reexamination or review by the USPTO in the future. We believe in the strength of our LINZESS and apraglutide patent portfolio and that we have sufficient freedom to operate; however, if any of our present or future patents is challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented, or our pending patent applications are not granted, our ability to prevent third parties from competing with LINZESS or apraglutide could be limited and our business and financial results may be materially harmed. ​ Furthermore, the America Invents Act, which was signed into law in 2011, has made several major changes in the U.S. patent statutes. These changes permit third parties to challenge our patents more easily and create uncertainty with respect to the interpretation and practice of U.S. patent law. Moreover, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases that narrow the scope of patent protection available and weakening the rights of patent owners in certain circumstances. Depending on the impact of these decisions and other actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, the USPTO, and their foreign counterparts, the laws and regulations governing patents may change, or their interpretation or implementation may change, in unpredictable ways that could impact, potentially adversely, our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce and defend patents that we have already obtained or that we might obtain in the future. For example, such changes may increase the costs and complexity associated with obtaining, enforcing or defending our patents, including in ANDA litigation. ​ We also rely upon unpatented trade secrets, unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees and our partners and consultants. We also have agreements with our employees and selected consultants that obligate them to assign their inventions to us. It is possible, however, that technology relevant to our business will be independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Furthermore, if the employees and consultants that are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Additionally, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 47 Table of Contents ​ In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the U.S., and, therefore, we or our partners may encounter problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property in certain foreign jurisdictions. ​ If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. ​ Our commercial success depends on our ability, and the ability of our partners, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our products and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. ​ Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our partners are developing products. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our potential products may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. There may be issued patents of third parties of which we are currently unaware that may be infringed by LINZESS, apraglutide, or our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications which may later result in issued patents that LINZESS, apraglutide, or our product candidates may infringe. ​ We may be exposed to, or threatened with, litigation by third parties alleging that LINZESS, apraglutide, or our product candidates infringe their intellectual property rights. If LINZESS, apraglutide, or one of our product candidates is found to infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party, we or our partners could be enjoined by a court and required to pay damages and could be unable to develop or commercialize LINZESS, apraglutide, or the applicable product candidate unless we obtain a license to the intellectual property rights. A license may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, during litigation, the counterparty could obtain a preliminary injunction or other equitable relief which could prohibit us from making, using or selling our products, pending a trial on the merits, which may not occur for several years. ​ There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries generally. If a third party claims that we or our partners infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: ​ ● infringement and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time- consuming to litigate and may divert our management’s attention from our core business; ​ ● substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product at issue infringes on or violates the third party’s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner’s attorneys’ fees; ​ ● a court prohibiting us from selling our product unless the third party licenses its rights to us, which it is not required to do; ​ ● if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, fees or grant cross- licenses to our intellectual property rights; and ​ ● redesigning our products so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. ​ If we fail to comply with our obligations or have disagreements over contract interpretation in agreements under which we license intellectual property and other rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business 48 Table of Contents relationship with our licensor, the scope of our intellectual property or technology rights could be narrowed and we could lose license rights that are important to our business. ​ Licensing intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business, and scientific issues. Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including but not limited to: ​ ● the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; ​ ● the extent to which our technology and processes infringe intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; ​ ● the sublicensing of patent and other rights; ​ ● our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; ​ ● the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors, our collaborators and us; ​ ● the priority of invention of patented technology; and ​ ● the fulfilment of our obligations under the license. ​ In addition, certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If our licenses or material relationships or any in-licenses upon which our licenses are based are terminated or breached, we may: ​ ● lose our rights to develop and market product candidates; ​ ● lose patent protection for product candidates; ​ ● experience significant delays in the development or commercialization of product candidates; ​ ● not be able to obtain any other licenses on acceptable terms, if at all; or ​ ● incur liability for damages. ​ We are currently a party to and may in the future be party to license agreements. Apraglutide is among the assets that are subject to licensing agreements with third parties. For example, we are a party to an amended and restated exclusive license agreement, dated as of December 6, 2016, as amended, by and between GlyPharma Therapeutic Inc. (as predecessor to VectivBio AG) and Ferring, or the Ferring Agreement, pursuant to which we have exclusive rights to apraglutide including an issued composition of matter and method of use patent in the U.S. in lead indications. The Ferring Agreement imposes, and other current or future license agreements may impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, and other obligations on us. These milestone, royalty, and other payments associated with the license, will make it less profitable for us to develop apraglutide or other product candidates that are the subject of current or future licenses. If we fail to comply with our obligations under the Ferring Agreement, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, we may be required to make certain payments to Ferring, we may lose the exclusivity of our license, or Ferring may have the right to terminate the license. If the Ferring Agreement is terminated, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business, be liable for damages to the licensor or be prevented from developing and commercializing our apraglutide. Termination of the agreement or reduction or elimination of our rights under the agreement may also result in us being required to negotiate a new or reinstated agreement with less favorable terms, and it is possible that we may be unable to obtain any such additional license at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms and 49 Table of Contents will be unable to develop and commercialize apraglutide. These or similar risks may apply to other license agreements, including future license agreements. If disputes over intellectual property and other rights that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize apraglutide. On October 2, 2025, Ferring filed a complaint against our wholly-owned subsidiary, VectivBio AG, for trade secret misappropriation and correction of patent inventorship and ownership in the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas, alleging that VectivBio AG misappropriated Ferring’s technology for its own benefit and improperly filed patent applications claiming that technology without reference to Ferring’s inventorship and ownership interests. On December 18, 2025, we, VectivBio AG and Ferring entered into a third amendment to the Ferring Agreement and a settlement agreement and release pursuant to which VectivBio AG and Ferring have settled all claims between the parties arising out of Ferring’s complaint. A dismissal of Ferring’s complaint with prejudice was entered in the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas on December 19, 2025. In some cases, patent prosecution of our licensed technology is controlled solely by the licensor. If our licensor fails to obtain or maintain a patent or other protection for the proprietary intellectual property we license from them, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those rights, and our competitors could market competing products using the intellectual property. In certain cases, we control the prosecution of patents resulting from licensed technology. In the event we breach any of our obligations related to such prosecution, we may incur significant liability to our licensing partners. We may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including market exclusivity, which may harm our business. In the U.S., orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives the first U.S. FDA approval for the indication for which it has orphan designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the U.S. FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. In the E.U., orphan drug designation entitles a company to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of data and market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication following marketing authorization of a medicinal product, including biological medicinal products. This period may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, the medicinal product no longer fulfills the orphan designation criteria, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Because the extent and scope of patent protection for our products may in some cases be limited, orphan drug designation is especially important for our product candidates for which orphan drug designation may be available. For eligible drugs, we plan to rely on the exclusivity period under the Orphan Drug Act to maintain a competitive position. If we do not obtain orphan drug exclusivity for our drug product candidates that does not have a broad patent protection, our competitors may then sell the same drug to treat the same condition sooner than if we had obtained orphan drug exclusivity and our revenue will be reduced. Even though we have orphan drug designation for apraglutide in the U.S. and in the E.U., we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. Based on available preclinical and clinical data, both the U.S. FDA and the EMA have granted apraglutide orphan drug designation for the treatment of SBS. Orphan drug applicability will be reassessed by health authorities upon completion of clinical studies and submission of our marketing application. In the E.U., the orphan designation for apraglutide may not be maintained at the time of grant of the marketing authorization if the EMA and COMP do not consider that there is sufficient confirmatory evidence to support that the orphan designation criteria continue to be met. Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the U.S. FDA or EMA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the U.S. FDA or EMA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective, or makes a 50 Table of Contents major contribution to patient care. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. We have received notices of Paragraph IV certifications related to LINZESS in conjunction with ANDAs filed by generic drug manufacturers, and we may receive additional notices from others in the future. We have, and may continue to, become involved in legal proceedings to protect or enforce intellectual property rights relating to our products and our product candidates, which could be expensive and time consuming, and unfavorable outcomes in such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business. ​ Competitors may infringe the patents relating to our products and our product candidates or may assert that such patents are invalid. To counter ongoing or potential infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Litigation with generic manufacturers has become increasingly common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. In addition, in an infringement or invalidity proceeding, a court or patent administrative body may determine that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. ​ Generic drug manufacturers were first able to file ANDAs for generic versions of LINZESS in August 2016. When filing an ANDA for one of our products, a generic drug manufacturer may choose to challenge one or more of the patents that cover such product and seek to commercialize generic versions of one or more LINZESS doses. As such, we have brought, and may bring in the future, legal proceedings against generic drug manufacturers. ​ We and AbbVie have received Paragraph IV certification notice letters regarding ANDAs submitted to the U.S. FDA by generic drug manufacturers requesting approval to engage in commercial manufacture, use, sale and offer for sale of linaclotide capsules (72 mcg, 145 mcg and 290 mcg), proposed generic versions of our U.S. FDA-approved drug LINZESS. We filed patent infringement lawsuits against five companies making such ANDA filings and subsequently entered into settlement agreements with each of these filers. Frequently, innovators receive multiple ANDA filings. Consequently, we may receive additional notice letters regarding ANDAs submitted to the U.S. FDA (and we may receive amendments to those notice letters), but we may not become aware of these filings for several months after any such submission due to procedures specified under applicable U.S. FDA regulations. ​ After evaluation, we have in the past filed, and may, in the future, file patent infringement lawsuits or take other action against companies making ANDA filings. If a patent infringement suit has been filed within 45 days of receipt of a notice letter, the U.S. FDA is not permitted to approve any ANDA that is the subject of such lawsuit for 30 months from the date of the NDA holder’s and patent owner’s receipt of the ANDA filer’s notice letter, or until a court decides that the relevant patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. Additionally, the validity of the patents relating to our products and our product candidates may be challenged by third parties pursuant to administrative procedures introduced by the America Invents Act, specifically inter partes review, or IPR, and/or post grant review, or PGR, before the USPTO. Generic drug manufacturers may challenge our patents through IPRs or PGRs instead of or in addition to ANDA legal proceedings. ​ Patent litigation (including any lawsuits that we file against generic drug manufacturers in connection with the receipt of a notice letter), IPRs and PGRs involve complex legal and factual questions and we may need to devote significant resources to such legal proceedings. We can provide no assurance concerning the duration or the outcome of any such patent-related lawsuits or administrative proceedings, including any settlements or other resolutions thereof which could, in addition to other risks, result in a shortening of exclusivity periods. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of the patents relating to our products and our product candidates at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, or could otherwise result in a loss of patent protection for the product or product candidate at issue, and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, which would materially harm our business. Upon any loss of patent protection for one of our products, or upon an “at-risk” launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation, before any court decision or while an appeal of a lower court decision is pending) by a manufacturer of a generic version of one of our patented products, our revenues for that product could be significantly reduced in a short period of time, which would materially and adversely affect our business. ​ Interference or derivation proceedings brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to the patents relating to our products and our product candidates and patent applications or those of our partners. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the technology or to attempt to license rights to 51 Table of Contents it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if a prevailing party does not offer us a license on terms that are acceptable to us. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distraction of our management and other employees. In addition, we may not be able to prevent, alone or with our partners, misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S. ​ Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, as well as the potential for public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceeding or developments, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. ​ Risks Related to Our Finances and Capital Requirements ​ We incurred significant losses from our inception in 1998 through the year ended December 31, 2018, and we may incur losses in future periods. ​ In recent years, we have focused primarily on developing, manufacturing and commercializing linaclotide, as well as developing our other product candidates. For example, in June 2023, we acquired VectivBio and added apraglutide to our pipeline. We have financed our business to date primarily through the issuance of equity, our collaboration and license arrangements, and debt issuances, including our $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes, bearing an interest of 1.50% and due in June 2026, or the Convertible Senior Notes, and our $550.0 million secured revolving credit facility, or the Revolving Credit Facility. We currently derive a significant portion of our revenue from our LINZESS collaboration with AbbVie for the U.S. We believe that the revenues from the LINZESS collaboration will continue to constitute a significant portion of our total revenue for the foreseeable future. Such revenue is highly dependent on LINZESS demand and other factors such as fluctuations in retail chains’ and wholesalers’ buying patterns and inventory levels, pricing and reimbursement. Our collaborative arrangements revenue outside of the U.S. has and may continue to fluctuate as a result of the timing and amount of sales of linaclotide in the markets in which it is currently approved, or any other markets where linaclotide receives approval, as well as clinical and commercial milestones received and recognized under our current and future strategic partnerships outside of the U.S. ​ For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred a net loss in connection with the VectivBio Acquisition. Prior to the year ended December 31, 2019, we incurred net losses in each year since our inception in 1998. As of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $1.7 billion. We cannot be certain that sales of our products, and the revenue from our other commercial activities, will not fall short of our projections or be delayed. Further, we expect to continue to incur substantial expenses in connection with our efforts to commercialize linaclotide and research, develop, and commercialize our product candidates, including apraglutide, and access externally developed products or product candidates. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products, as well as those related to our expectations for our products and our other activities, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses. Failure to achieve sustainable net income and maintain positive cash flows would have an adverse effect on stockholders’ equity and working capital. ​ We may need additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which could cause us to delay, reduce or eliminate our corporate or product development or commercialization efforts. ​ We have previously raised funds to finance our operations through capital raising activities, including the sale of shares of our Class A Common Stock in public offerings and convertible and other debt issuances. However, marketing and selling gastrointestinal drugs, purchasing commercial quantities of pharmaceutical products, developing product candidates, conducting clinical trials and accessing externally developed products or product candidates are expensive and uncertain. Circumstances, our strategic imperatives, or opportunities to create or acquire new programs, as well as maturities, redemptions or repurchases of our outstanding debt securities, could require us to, or we may choose to, seek to raise additional funds. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: ​ ● the level of underlying demand and price we are able to charge for our products in the countries in which they are approved; ​ 52 Table of Contents ● the costs associated with commercializing our products in the U.S.; ● the costs of establishing, maintaining and/or expanding sales, marketing, distribution, and market access capabilities for our products; ​ ● the regulatory approval of linaclotide within new indications, populations and formulations, as well as the associated development and commercial milestones and royalties; ​ ● the rate of progress, the cost of our clinical trials and the other costs associated with our development programs, including our planned confirmatory Phase III clinical trial of apraglutide in adult patients with SBS-IF, post-approval nonclinical and clinical studies of linaclotide in pediatrics and our investment to enhance the clinical profile of LINZESS, as well as to study linaclotide in additional indications, populations and formulations to assess its potential to treat various conditions; ​ ● the regulatory approval of apraglutide; ​ ● the costs and timing of in-licensing additional products or product candidates or acquiring other complementary companies or assets; ​ ● the status, terms and timing of any collaboration, licensing, co-commercialization or other arrangements; ● whether the holders of our Convertible Senior Notes hold the notes to maturity without conversion into our Class A Common Stock or cash and whether we are required to repurchase any of our Convertible Senior Notes prior to maturity upon a fundamental change, as defined in each of the indentures governing the Convertible Senior Notes; and ​ ● whether we seek to redeem, repurchase or retire all or part of our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. ​ Additional funding may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay or reduce the scope of our commercialization efforts, delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our development programs or delay or abandon potential strategic opportunities. ​ Our ability to pay principal of and interest on our outstanding debt will depend in part on the receipt of payments from AbbVie under our collaboration agreement for North America. ​ Semi-annual payments on our Convertible Senior Notes began in December 2019. In addition, in 2023, we entered into the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding principal balance on the Revolving Credit Facility was $385.0 million. We expect that for the next few years, at a minimum, the net quarterly payments from AbbVie will be a significant source of cash flows from operations. If the cash flows derived from the net quarterly payments that we receive from AbbVie under the collaboration agreement for North America are insufficient on any particular payment date to fund the interest payment on our outstanding indebtedness, at a minimum, we will be obligated to pay the amounts of such shortfall out of our general funds. The determination of whether AbbVie will be obligated to make a net quarterly payment to us in respect of a particular quarterly period is a function of the revenue generated by LINZESS in the U.S. as well as the development, manufacturing and commercialization expenses incurred by each of us and AbbVie under the collaboration agreement for North America. Accordingly, since we cannot guarantee that our company will maintain net income or positive cash flows, we cannot provide assurances for any particular quarterly period that (i) we will have the available funds to fund the interest payment on our outstanding indebtedness, at a minimum, in the event that there is a deficiency in the net quarterly payment received from AbbVie, (ii) there will be a net quarterly payment from AbbVie at all or (iii) we will not also be required to make a true-up payment to AbbVie under the collaboration agreement for North America. ​ 53 Table of Contents Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition or restrict our future operations. ​ As of December 31, 2025, we had total indebtedness of $585.0 million and available cash and cash equivalents of $215.5 million. ​ We incurred significant new indebtedness in connection with the VectivBio Acquisition. In May 2023, we entered into the Revolving Credit Facility, which includes a $10.0 million letter of credit subfacility. In June 2023, we borrowed $400.0 million to fund a portion of the consideration paid to purchase VectivBio’s outstanding ordinary shares in connection with the VectivBio Acquisition. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding principal balance on the Revolving Credit Facility was $385.0 million. ​ The agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility, or the Revolving Credit Agreement, as amended in September 2024, contains certain covenants applicable to us and certain of our subsidiaries that may, under certain circumstances, impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including, without limitation, limitations on additional indebtedness, liens, various fundamental changes, dividends and distributions, investments (including acquisitions), transactions with affiliates, asset sales, prepayment of junior financing, changes in business and other limitations customary in senior secured credit facilities. The Revolving Credit Agreement also includes cross-default features providing that defaults under certain other indebtedness would result in a default under the Revolving Credit Agreement. In addition, the Revolving Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a maximum consolidated secured net leverage ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 until the end of the final quarter of 2025, or the Initial Period, (ii) 3.25 to 1.00 until the end of the first quarter of 2026, or the Interim Period, and (iii) 3.00 to 1.00 thereafter, and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00, in each case at the end of each fiscal quarter . The Revolving Credit Agreement allows us to elect to increase the permitted maximum consolidated secured net leverage ratio to (i) 4.00 to 1.00 during the Initial Period, (ii) 3.75 to 1.00 during the Interim Period, and (iii) 3.50 to 1.00 thereafter, in each case for up to for four fiscal quarters in the event it consummates an acquisition for consideration in excess of $50.0 million, subject to certain limitations on how often this election can be made. Additionally, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Agreement will be permitted to accelerate all outstanding borrowings and other obligations, terminate outstanding commitments and exercise other specified remedies upon the occurrence of customary events of default. ​ In addition, while the indenture governing our Convertible Senior Notes does not include covenants restricting the operation of our business except in certain limited circumstances, in the event of a default under the Convertible Senior Notes, the noteholders or the trustee under the indenture governing the Convertible Senior Notes may accelerate our payment obligations under the Convertible Senior Notes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are also required to offer to repurchase the Convertible Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, which could include, among other things, any acquisition of our company (other than an acquisition in which at least 90% of the consideration is Class A Common Stock listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The New York Stock Exchange), subject to the terms of the indenture governing the Convertible Senior Notes. The repurchase price must be paid in cash, and this obligation may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing an acquisition of our company that would otherwise be beneficial to our security holders. ​ The indenture governing our Convertible Senior Notes also includes cross-default features providing that certain failures to pay for outstanding indebtedness would result in a default under the indenture governing our Convertible Senior Notes. In the event of such default, the trustee or noteholders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable under the indenture, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. ​ To the extent we become subject to such covenants, our ability to comply with such covenants in future periods will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which in turn will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control. ​ Our significant indebtedness, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have important consequences on our business, including: ​ ● limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes, including product development, commercialization efforts, research and development activities, strategic arrangements, acquisitions and refinancing of our outstanding debt; ​ 54 Table of Contents ● requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, corporate transactions and other general corporate purposes; ​ ● increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; ​ ● limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which we compete; ​ ● placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates; and ​ ● increasing our cost of borrowing. ​ If we do not generate sufficient cash flows from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to service our indebtedness, including payments of principal when due on our outstanding indebtedness or, in the case of our Convertible Senior Notes, in connection with a transaction involving us that constitutes a fundamental change under the indentures governing the Convertible Senior Notes, or under our Revolving Credit Facility, or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before the maturity dates thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay currently planned activities or curtail operations, seek to raise additional capital or take other actions. We may not be able to execute any of these actions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. This, together with any of the factors described above, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. ​ The capped call transactions entered into in connection with our Convertible Senior Notes may affect the value of our Class A Common Stock. ​ In connection with the issuance of our Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into capped call transactions, or the Capped Calls, with certain financial institutions. These transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution upon any conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes, as applicable, or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Senior Notes, as the case may be. ​ In connection with these transactions, the financial institutions likely purchased our Class A Common Stock in secondary market transactions and entered into various OTC derivative transactions with respect to our Class A Common Stock. These entities or their affiliates are likely to modify their hedge positions from time to time prior to conversion or maturity of the Convertible Senior Notes by purchasing and selling shares of our Class A Common Stock or other instruments they may wish to use in connection with such hedging. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our Class A Common Stock and, as a result, the number of shares and the value of the Class A Common Stock noteholders will receive upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes. In addition, under certain circumstances the counterparties have the right to terminate the Capped Calls on terms set forth in the applicable confirmations, which may result in us not receiving all or any portion of the anticipated benefit of the Capped Calls. If the price of our Class A Common Stock increases such that the hedge transactions settle in our favor, we could also be exposed to credit risk related to the counterparties to the Capped Calls, which would limit or eliminate the benefit of such transactions to us. ​ Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly. ​ Our operating results have been, and we expect they will continue to be, subject to frequent fluctuations. Our net income (loss) and other operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: ​ ● the level of underlying demand and price for our products in the countries in which they are approved; ​ ● retail chains’ and wholesalers’ buying patterns, pricing and reimbursement and inventory levels with respect to our products; ​ ● the costs associated with commercializing our products in the U.S.; ​ 55 Table of Contents ● the achievement and timing of milestone payments and royalties due or payable under our collaboration and license agreements; ​ ● our execution of any collaboration, partnership, licensing or other strategic arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these arrangements; ​ ● any impairments of assets or goodwill, and associated write-downs; ​ ● any variations in the level of expenses related to our development programs; ​ ● addition or termination of clinical trials; ​ ● results of or developments in nonclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors or potential collaborators; ​ ● any impact on taxes or changes in tax rules; ​ ● regulatory developments affecting our products and product candidates; ​ ● the success of competitive products or technologies; ​ ● any material lawsuit in which we may become involved; ​ ● general economic, industry, and market conditions; and ​ ● the impact of public health emergencies, geopolitical events or natural disasters. ​ If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts for any of the foregoing reasons or otherwise, the price of our Class A Common Stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. ​ Our ability to use net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses to reduce future tax payments is limited by provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, and it is possible that our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may expire before we generate sufficient taxable income to use such carryforwards, or that certain transactions or a combination of certain transactions may result in material additional limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. ​ For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred a net loss in connection with the VectivBio Acquisition. Prior to the year ended December 31, 2019, we incurred significant net losses since our inception. To the extent that we do not generate federal and state taxable income in the future, unused net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until the date, if any, on which such unused carryforwards expire. Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, contain rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership change, which is generally any change in ownership of more than 50% of its stock over a three-year period, to utilize its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses recognized in years after the ownership change. These rules generally operate by focusing on ownership changes involving stockholders owning directly or indirectly 5% or more of the stock of a company and any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock by the company. Generally, if an ownership change occurs, the yearly taxable income limitation on the use of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate and the value of the company’s stock immediately before the ownership change. Certain future equity offerings or strategic transactions, if any, could potentially result in a 50% or greater ownership change. ​ If we do not generate sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration, if any, of the applicable carryforwards or if the carryforwards are subject to the limitations described above, we may be unable to offset our taxable income with losses, or our tax liability with credits, before such losses and credits expire and therefore would incur larger federal or 56 Table of Contents state income tax liability. We have completed several financings since our inception which may have resulted in an “ownership change,” as defined by Section 382, or could result in an ownership change in the future. ​ Our ability to use foreign tax loss carryforwards acquired in the VectivBio Acquisition may be limited. ​ Prior to our acquisition of VectivBio, VectivBio incurred significant net losses since its inception. In Switzerland, tax loss carryforwards may, with certain limitations, be used to offset future taxable income. However, if not utilized, the tax loss carryforwards, under Swiss laws, expire seven years after the tax year in which they were incurred. Due to our current limited income in Switzerland, there is a high risk that the tax loss carryforwards will expire in part or in their entirety and will not be used to offset future taxable income. Any limitations in our ability to use tax loss carryforwards to offset taxable income could adversely affect our financial condition. ​ If the distribution of the shares of Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc., or Cyclerion, common stock in connection with the Separation is not generally tax- free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and our stockholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities. ​ The distribution of the shares of Cyclerion common stock in connection with the separation of our soluble guanylate cycle business, and certain other assets and liabilities, into Cyclerion, or the Separation, on April 1, 2019, together with certain related transactions, is intended to qualify for tax-free treatment to us and our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We received a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, under the pilot program established in Revenue Procedure 2017-52 relating to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the distribution. Consistent with the guidelines set forth in Revenue Procedure 2017-52, the IRS private letter ruling does not cover all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the distribution is generally tax free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, completion of the distribution was conditioned upon, among other things, our receipt of an opinion from an outside tax advisor that the distribution will qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free to both us and our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code. The private letter ruling and opinion were based on and relied on, among other things, certain facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings from us and Cyclerion (including those relating to the past and future conduct of us and Cyclerion). If any of these facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if we or Cyclerion breach any of our respective covenants relating to the distribution, the IRS private letter ruling and any tax opinion may be invalid. Moreover, the opinion is not binding on the IRS or any courts. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the IRS private letter ruling and the opinion, the IRS could determine that the distribution and certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. ​ If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, fails to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code, in general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would recognize taxable gain with respect to Cyclerion’s distributed common stock and our stockholders who received shares of Cyclerion common stock in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. ​ General

