TICKER: JAKK
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and impact our operating results. Significant outbreaks of contagious diseases, and other adverse public
health developments, could have a material impact on our business operations and operating results. The COVID-19 virus was ultimately declared a global
pandemic by the World Health Organization and spread throughout the world, including the United States, resulting in emergency measures,
including travel bans, closure of retail stores, and restrictions on gatherings of more than a maximum number of people. These outbreaks
are disruptive to local economies and commercial activity and create downward pressure on our ability to make our product line available
to consumers or for consumers to purchase our products, even if our products are available. Despite the experience of COVID-19, we cannot
be assured that some future potential health-related event will not appear and be just as, or even more, disruptive to our business.
By extension it is difficult to quantify the extent of the impact this type of disease would have on our sales, net income and cash flows,
but it could be quite significant. Our business is seasonal and therefore our annual operating
results will depend, in large part, on our sales during the relatively brief holiday shopping season. This seasonality is exacerbated
by retailers ’ shifting inventory management techniques. Sales of our products at retail are extremely
seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from September through December in anticipation of the holiday
season. Further, e-commerce is growing significantly and accounts for a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products. E-commerce
retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional brick-and-mortar retailers.
As a result, customers are timing their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase
by consumers. For our products, a majority of retail sales for the entire year generally occur in the fourth quarter, close to the holiday
season. In addition, our FOB business model means that our sale takes place in conjunction with the shipping of our product out of Mainland
China extending the time a customer needs to import the product into their respective country. As a consequence, the majority of our
sales to our customers occur in the second and third quarters. The level of inventory carried by retailers may also reduce or delay retail
sales resulting in lower revenues for us. If we or our customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail than was
originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer demand.
Additionally, the logistics of supplying more and more product within shorter time periods increases the risk that we will fail to achieve
tight and compressed shipping schedules and quality control, which also may reduce our sales and harm our results of operations. This
seasonal pattern requires significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire inventory during the portion of the year
prior to the holiday season, and it requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid
losing potential sales of popular products or producing excess inventory of products that exceed consumer demand. Our failure to accurately
predict and respond to consumer demand, resulting in under-producing popular items and/or overproducing less popular items, could significantly
reduce our total sales, negatively impact our cash flows, increase the risk of inventory obsolescence, and harm our results of operations
and financial condition. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected,
in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such
as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key selling season, or
by events such as strikes or port delays that interfere with the shipment of goods, during the critical months leading up to the holiday
shopping season. 16 Table of Contents Our Costume (Disguise) business is even more seasonal than our
core Toy/Consumer Products business as Halloween remains the primary purchase occasion for our costumes. This seasonality is further
exacerbated by consumer migration to online shopping as the style and size attributes of the Halloween business (i.e., we make the same
costume in multiple sizes, and the same item “ costume ” across a very wide range of brands and
properties) in part behaves like an apparel-driven transaction rather than “ one-size-for-all ” toy/consumer
product transaction. In 2020, COVID-19 was an unexpected shock to the
market, making the traditional Halloween experience less feasible to celebrate in its traditional manner. It had a material impact on
our sales of related product. Any similar event that suddenly makes the holiday less relevant or infeasible to celebrate can and likely
will have a negative impact on that segment of business. Given that securing licenses, product design and development and ultimately
sourcing of the product takes place over a year in advance of the actual Halloween selling season, we have limited ability to recover
invested expense if the market demand for those products were to suddenly be reduced. Although some product could be held in inventory
or materials rolled forward to the next manufacturing season, these events would in turn incrementally tie up our capital and add warehousing
expense until the following year at best, and/or put added strain on our third-party manufacturers. We depend upon third-party manufacturers, and if our relationship
with any of them is harmed or if they independently encounter difficulties in their manufacturing processes, we could experience product
defects, production delays, unplanned costs or higher product costs, or the inability to fulfill orders on a timely basis, any of which
could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We depend upon many third-party manufacturers who
develop, provide and use the tools, dies and molds that we generally own to manufacture our products, many of which we have successfully
work with for decades. However, we have limited control over the manufacturing processes themselves. As a result, any difficulties encountered
by the third-party manufacturers that result in product defects, production delays, cost overruns or the inability to fulfill orders on
a timely basis, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not have long-term contracts with our third-party
manufacturers. Although we believe we could secure other third-party manufacturers to produce our products, our operations would be adversely
affected if we suddenly lost our relationship with any of our current suppliers or if our current suppliers’ operations or sea or
air transportation with our overseas manufacturers were disrupted or terminated even for a relatively short period of time. While a few
of our manufactures supply a meaningful volume of our products, we are constantly evaluating new manufacturing sources to ensure we are
maintaining product quality and innovation, source flexibility and market-appropriate pricing. Our tools, dies and molds are located at
the facilities of our third-party manufacturers. Although we own the majority of those tools, dies and molds, our ability to retrieve
them and move them to a new manufacturer in a cost-neutral manner might be limited by lack of manufacturing equipment compatibility or
government regulation. Although we do not purchase the raw materials used
to manufacture our products, we are potentially subject to variations in the prices we pay our third-party manufacturers for products,
depending upon what they pay for their raw materials. We may also incur costs or other losses as a result of not placing orders consistent
with our forecasts for products manufactured by our suppliers or manufacturers for a variety of reasons including customer order cancellations
or a decline in demand. In the event that some unexpected shock to the market (like the COVID-19 pandemic, a sudden trade war, or a flare
up in a shooting war in a sensitive area) were to suddenly drastically change demand or costing for product anticipated to be procured
from our third-party manufacturers, we may incur some costs relating to raw materials they have ordered on our behalf, and/or finished
goods that were not shipped due to last-minute cancelled orders from our customers buying FOB from China. Although our manufacturers bear the foreign-exchange
risk by committing to USD/HKD pricing despite having non-USD/HKD cost elements, we could nonetheless be adversely impacted if they fail
to manage that risk accordingly. In that event, the predictable flow of product at the prices we expect could be disrupted, and we may
not have adequate time to source comparable product elsewhere in time to avoid disruptions in our selling cycle. 17 Table of Contents The toy industry is highly competitive and our inability to
compete effectively may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. The toy industry is highly competitive. Globally,
certain of our competitors have financial and strategic advantages over us, including: ● greater financial resources; ● larger sales, marketing and product development departments; ● stronger brand name recognition and/or well-established owned brands/trademark; ● broader international sales and marketing infrastructure; ● greater financial resources derived by higher-margin, higher-growth ancillary (non-toy) businesses; ● lower overhead costs due to operating as a privately-owned company; ● longer operating histories; and ● greater economies of scale, inclusive of purchasing power and leverage of their investments across a range of areas, including but not limited to research, technology, data analytics, logistics and strategic sourcing. In addition, the toy industry has no significant
barriers to entry. Competition is based primarily upon the ability to design and develop new toys, procure licenses for popular characters
and trademarks, and successfully market products. Many of our competitors offer similar products or alternatives to our products. Our
competitors have obtained and are likely to continue to obtain licenses that overlap our licenses with respect to products, geographic
areas and retail channels. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain adequate shelf space in retail stores to support our existing
products, expand our products and product lines or continue to compete effectively against current and future competitors. Our corporate headquarters, fulfillment center and information
technology systems are in Southern California, and if these operations are disrupted, we may not be able to operate our core functions
and/or ship merchandise to our customers, which would adversely affect our business. Our corporate headquarters, distribution center
and information technology systems are in Santa Monica and the City of Industry, California, and most of our U.S.-based staff lives in
Southern California. If we encounter any disruptions to our operations within these buildings, or if they were to shut down for any reason,
including by earthquake, fire or other natural disaster, or as a result of another pandemic, then we may be prevented from effectively
operating, shipping and processing our merchandise. Furthermore, the risk of disruption or shut down at these buildings and/or within
the Southern California community is greater than it might be if they were in another region as Southern California is prone to natural
disasters such as earthquakes and wildfires. Any disruption or shut down at these locations could significantly impact our operations
and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that our business
operations will be adversely impacted by future climate changes, albeit in ways we cannot predict or quantify at this time. 18 Table of Contents We have substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside
of the United States, subjecting us to risks common to international operations. We sell products and operate facilities in numerous
countries outside the United States. Sales to our international customers comprised approximately 27.0% of our net sales for the year
ended December 31, 2025, and approximately 21.1% of our net sales for year ended December 31, 2024. We expect our sales to international
customers to account for a greater portion of our revenues in future fiscal periods. Additionally, we use third-party manufacturers, located
principally in China, and are subject to the risks normally associated with operations, including: ● currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations; ● limitations, including taxes, on the repatriation of earnings; ● political instability, including wars and civil unrest, and economic instability; ● greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; ● complications in complying with laws in varying jurisdictions and changes in governmental policies; ● greater difficulty and expenses associated with recovering from natural disasters, such as earthquakes,
    hurricanes and floods; ● transportation delays and interruption, inclusive of raw material ’ s sourcing to
    our third-party manufacturers as well as finished goods delivery through to our customers and ultimate consumers; ● work stoppages; ● trade wars in general and the imposition or potential imposition of tariffs specifically; and ● the pricing of intercompany transactions may be challenged by taxing authorities in both foreign
    jurisdictions and the United States, with potential increases in income and other taxes. Our reliance upon external sources of manufacturing
can be shifted, over a period of time, to alternative sources of supply, should such changes be necessary, but cannot be done so quickly
in a cost-neutral manner. However, if we were prevented from obtaining products or components for a material portion of our product line
due to regulatory, political, labor or other factors beyond our control, our operations would be disrupted while alternative sources of
products were secured. Also, the imposition of trade sanctions by the United States or another major market where we sell product against
a class of products imported by us from, or the loss of “normal trade relations” status by China could significantly increase
our cost of products imported from that nation. Because of the importance of international sales and international sourcing of manufacturing
to our business, our results of operations and financial condition could be significantly and adversely affected if any of the risks described
above or similar type of risks were to occur. Legal proceedings may harm our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. We are a party to lawsuits and other legal proceedings
in the normal course of our business. Litigation and other legal proceedings can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business
operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. We cannot provide assurance that we will not
be a party to material legal proceedings in the future. To the extent legal proceedings continue for long time periods or are adversely
resolved, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be significantly harmed. 19 Table of Contents Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and
any violation by us of such regulations could result in product liability claims, loss of sales, diversion of resources, damage to our
reputation, increased warranty costs or removal of our products from the market, and we cannot assure you that our product liability
insurance for the foregoing will be sufficient. Our business is subject to various laws, including
the Federal Hazardous Substances Act, the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Flammable Fabrics Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
under these acts. These statutes are administered by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (“CPSC”), which has the authority
to remove from the market products that are found to be defective and present a substantial hazard or risk of serious injury or death.
The CPSC can require a manufacturer to recall, repair or replace these products under certain circumstances. We cannot assure you that
defects in our products will not be alleged or found. Any such allegations or findings could result in: ● product liability claims; ● loss of sales; ● diversion of resources; ● damage to our reputation; ● loss of licensed rights; ● removal of our products from the market and/or destruction of existing inventory and/or write-off
    of existing-related tooling. Any of these results may adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that our product liability insurance will be sufficient
to avoid or limit our loss in the event of an adverse outcome of any product liability claim. We depend upon our proprietary rights, and our inability to
safeguard and maintain the same, or claims of third parties that we have violated their intellectual property rights, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely upon trademark, copyright and trade secret
protection, nondisclosure agreements and licensing arrangements to establish, protect and enforce our proprietary rights in our products.
The laws of certain foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws
of the United States. We cannot assure you that we or our licensors will be able to successfully safeguard and maintain our proprietary
rights. Further, certain parties have commenced legal proceedings or made claims against us based upon our alleged patent infringement,
misappropriation of trade secrets or other violations of their intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that other parties
will not assert intellectual property claims against us in the future. These claims could divert our attention from operating our business
or result in unanticipated legal and other costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Restructuring our workforce can be disruptive
and harm the results of our operations and financial condition. We have in the past restructured or made other
adjustments to our workforce in response to the economic environment, performance issues, acquisitions, and other internal and external
considerations. Restructurings can among other things result in a temporary lack of focus, reductions in net sales and reduced productivity.
In addition, we may be unable to realize the anticipated cost savings from our previously announced restructuring efforts or may incur
additional and/or unexpected costs to realize the anticipated savings. The amounts of anticipated cost savings and anticipated expenses-related
restructurings are based on our current estimates, but they involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those previously planned. These impacts, among others, could
occur in connection with previously announced restructuring efforts, or related to future acquisitions and other restructurings and,
as a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. 20 Table of Contents The inability to successfully defend claims from taxing authorities
or the adoption of new tax legislation could adversely affect the results of our operations and financial condition. We conduct business in many countries, which requires
us to interpret the income tax laws and rulings in each of those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax laws in those jurisdictions
as well as the subjectivity of factual interpretations, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments.
Claims from tax authorities related to these differences could have an adverse impact on the results of our operations and financial
condition. In addition, legislative bodies in the various countries in which we do business may from time to time adopt new tax legislation
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to sustain or manage our product line growth,
which may prevent us from increasing our net revenues. Historically, we experienced growth in our product
lines through acquisitions of businesses, products and licenses. This growth in product lines has contributed significantly to our total
revenues over the years. Even though we have had no significant acquisitions since 2012, comparing our future period-to-period operating
results may not be meaningful and results of operations from prior periods may not be indicative of future results. We cannot assure
that we will be able to experience growth in, or maintain our present level of, net sales. Our growth strategy calls for us to continuously
develop and diversify our toy business by acquiring other companies, entering into additional license agreements, refining our product
lines, expanding into adjacent Toys/Consumer Products/Costume categories and expanding into international markets, which will place additional
demands upon our management, operational capacity and financial resources and systems. The increased demand upon management may necessitate
our recruitment and retention of additional qualified management personnel. We cannot assure that we will be able to recruit and retain
qualified personnel or expand and manage our operations effectively and profitably. To effectively manage future growth, we must continue
to expand our operational, financial and management information systems and to train, motivate and manage our workforce. There can be
no assurance that our operational, financial and management information systems will be adequate to support our future operations. Failure
to expand our operational, financial and management information systems or to train, motivate or manage employees could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, implementation of our growth strategy
is subject to risks beyond our control, including competition, market acceptance of new products, changes in economic conditions, our
ability to obtain or renew licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to identify acquisition candidates and conclude acquisitions
on acceptable terms, and our ability to obtain the required consents from certain lenders and finance increased levels of accounts receivable
and inventory necessary to support our sales growth, if any. Accordingly, we cannot assure that our growth strategy will be successful. Failures of our computer-based information
technology and cybersecurity breaches could damage our business. We use computer-based technology systems to conduct
significant operational activities and to maintain our business records. These systems are dependent upon the global world-wide web infrastructure
known as the “internet”. A material breach in the security of our computer technology systems could result in third parties
obtaining or altering the company’s data, including sensitive data of our customers, suppliers, and employees. We experienced a
threat to the security of our computer systems in December 2022 which resulted in the leakage of certain data, including information
about our employees. Although that incident did not result in material damage to our operations or cash flow, there is no assurance that
any future material breach of the security of our computer systems would not occur, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 21 Table of Contents We rely extensively on information technology in our operations,
and any material failure, inadequacy, or interruption of that technology could have a material adverse impact on our business. We rely extensively on information technology
systems across our operations, including for management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products and services, reporting
our results of operations, collection and storage of consumer data, data of customers, employees and other stakeholders, and various
other processes and transactions. Many of these systems are managed by third-party service providers. We use third-party technology and
systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery
to customers, back-office support, and other functions. In any given year, a small volume of our consumer products and services may rely
on a component or element which is internet-enabled, and may be offered in conjunction with business partners or such third-party service
providers. We, our business partners and third-party service providers may collect, process, store and transmit consumer data, including
personal information, in connection with those products and services. Failure to follow applicable regulations related to those activities,
or to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches, including breaches of our business partners’ technology and systems,
could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, which could adversely affect our results of operations,
result in regulatory enforcement or other litigation and could be a potential liability for us, and otherwise significantly harm our
business. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution, and sale of our products and services
depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems and third-party service providers. Although we have developed systems and processes
that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and processes
designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party provider, such measures cannot provide absolute security. If our
systems or our third-party service providers’ systems fail to operate effectively or are damaged, destroyed, or shut down, or there
are problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or there are security breaches in these systems, any of the aforementioned
could occur as a result of natural disasters, human error, software or equipment failures, telecommunications failures, loss or theft
of equipment, acts of terrorism, circumvention of security systems, or other cyber-attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, we could
experience delays or decreases in product sales, and reduced efficiency of our operations. Additionally, any of these events could lead
to violations of continually evolving privacy laws, loss of customers, or loss, misappropriation or corruption of confidential information,
trade secrets or data, which could expose us to potential litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, any
or all of which could adversely affect our business and cause us to incur significant losses and remediation costs. The COVID-19 pandemic required most of our employees
to work remotely, putting unprecedented strain on our information technology resources and infrastructure. Although in 2022 we defaulted
back to a more traditional on-premise work model, we continue to support a higher degree of work-from-home opportunities than we did
pre-COVID-19 (“the work-from-home model”). Although our policies and procedures continue to adjust and adapt informed by
our own experiences and market norms, we cannot say with certainty what level of hybrid work we will continue to support as we move forward.
With that in mind, we cannot be sure how remote work may generate an increase in new and unforeseen risks of business disruption and/or
increased complexity across the range of functions that comprise the Company’s daily activities. In addition, the work-from-home
model may increase our vulnerability to hacking and other nefarious activities as employees adjust to new hardware/software infrastructure,
resources and processes as well as close the gap created by no longer being in close physical proximity to their colleagues. Although
all employees are required to use work infrastructure and our secure VPN, we cannot be completely certain that we will not have increased
exposure to security considerations in this environment. 22 Table of Contents If we are unable to acquire and integrate companies and new product
lines successfully, we will be unable to implement a meaningful path to growth. Our growth depends, in part, upon our ability to
acquire companies and new licenses and product lines. Future acquisitions, if any, may succeed only if we can effectively assess characteristics
of potential target companies and product lines, such as: ● attractiveness of products; ● suitability of distribution channels; ● management ability; ● financial condition and results of operations; ● supply-chain resilience and competitive advantage; ● the degree to which acquired operations can be seamlessly integrated with our organization;
    and ● appropriate valuation and our ability to create substantially more value post-acquisition. We cannot assure you that we can identify attractive
acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable acquisition terms, and our failure to do so may adversely affect our results of operations
and our ability to sustain growth. Our acquisition strategy involves several risks, each of which could adversely affect our operating
results, including: ● difficulties in integrating acquired businesses or product lines, assimilating new facilities
    and personnel, and harmonizing diverse business strategies and methods of operation; ● diversion of management attention from operation of our existing business; ● loss of key personnel and institutional knowledge from acquired companies; ● failure of an acquired business to achieve targeted financial results, inclusive of working
    capital needs; ● limited capital to finance acquisitions and/or fund appropriate working capital post-acquisition;
    and ● inability to maintain or secure relevant licenses to maintain or expand the net sales of acquired
    business. We may engage in strategic transactions
that could negatively impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. We may consider strategic transactions and business
arrangements, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, asset purchases, partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures
and investments. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures
and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could harm our operations and financial
results. If securities or industry analysts publish
inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. The trading market for our common stock depends
in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts
who covers us downgrades our common stock, publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or sets unreasonable expectations
or makes erroneous assumptions about our future performance which ultimately are not achieved, the price of our common stock would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock
could decrease, which could cause the price of our common stock and trading volume to decline. 23 Table of Contents We have a small public float compared to
other larger publicly-traded companies, which may result in price swings in our common stock or make it difficult to acquire or dispose
of our common stock. This small public float can result in large swings
in our stock price with relatively low trading volume. In addition, a purchaser that seeks to acquire a significant number of shares
may be unable to do so without increasing our common stock price, and conversely, a seller that seeks to dispose of a significant number
of shares may experience a decreasing stock price. Our stock price has been volatile over the past several years
and could decline in the future, resulting in losses for our investors. All the factors discussed in this section, disclosures
made in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any other material announcements or events could affect our stock price. In
addition, quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, changes in investor and analyst perception of the business risks and conditions
of our business, our ability to meet earnings estimates and other performance expectations of financial analysts or investors, unfavorable
commentary or downgrades of our stock by research analysts, fluctuations in the stock prices of other toy companies or in stock markets
in general, and general economic or political conditions could also cause the price of our stock to change. A significant drop in the
price of our stock could expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert
management’s attention and resources, adversely affecting our business. We have a material amount of goodwill which, if it becomes impaired,
would result in a reduction in our net earnings. Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of an
acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net assets we acquire. Goodwill is not amortized and is required to be evaluated for impairment
at least annually. At December 31, 2025, $35.1 million, or 7.9% of our total assets represented goodwill. Declines in our profitability
may impact the fair value of our reporting units, which could result in a write-down of our goodwill and consequently harm the results
of our operations. We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during 2025, 2024 or 2023. In the future, if we do not maintain
our profitability and growth targets, the carrying value of our goodwill may become impaired, resulting in impairment charges. 24 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity JAKKS has adopted a cybersecurity framework to
help manage and mitigate cybersecurity risks. JAKKS has implemented cybersecurity policies,
processes and procedures to aid in the identification, protection, detection of cyber related issues, and the response to and recovery
from cybersecurity breaches. A summary of the principal activities JAKKS has undertaken to strengthen its cybersecurity posture and mitigate
its cybersecurity risks: ● A subcommittee of the Board of Directors has been established to oversee and manage the company’s risk, response, and recovery policies, processes, and procedures related to, and stemming from, cyber-related issues; ● Purchased cybersecurity risk insurance to protect against potential losses arising from a cybersecurity incident; ● Implementation of weekly vulnerability and semi-annual penetration tests to identify, and if necessary, remediate, any potential risk to the organization; ● Maintain and review annually a Business Continuity Plan and Cyber Attack Plan ; ● Implemented a revised and updated phishing email training program semi-annually; and As part of our cybersecurity program, the Senior
Vice President of Operations and Vice President of Information Technology, collectively referred to as our “Cybersecurity Team,”
reviews our cybersecurity posture, identifies areas in need of improvement, and helps foster a culture of compliance (including training
of all employees). Our Vice President of Information Technology has over 25 years of experience in various roles involving managing information
security, developing cybersecurity strategy, and implementing cybersecurity program. The Company’s program also includes activities
to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents, including processes to triage, assess severity, investigate, escalate, contain,
and remediate an incident, as well as to comply with potentially applicable legal obligations and mitigate brand and reputational damage. Our Cybersecurity Team assesses cybersecurity
risks, including those related to our supply chain and third-party service providers that have access to our systems or facilities where
JAKKS’ data is stored. The team assesses how cybersecurity risks affect or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company,
including our operations or financial position. Our Cybersecurity Team is responsible for the Company’s risk assessment, risk management,
disaster recovery, and auditing of JAKKS overall cybersecurity program. The Cybersecurity Team meets with the Cybersecurity Subcommittee
of the Board of Directors to discuss, identify, and address cybersecurity risks and review updates to our risk management program to
ensure cybersecurity risks to the organization are mitigated. For further discussion of the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents,
see the cybersecurity

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and their financial health, as well as the ability to
accurately forecast the demand for products. The loss of a key vendor, or material changes in support by them, or a significant variance
in actual demand compared to the forecast, can have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and business. Given the conditions in
the toy industry environment in general, vendors, including licensors, may seek further assurances or take actions to protect against
non-payment of amounts due to them. Changes in this area could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, off-balance sheet arrangements
include letters of credit issued by JPMorgan of $1.6 million, temporarily secured with cash as collateral, and letters of credit issued
by BMO of $1.7 million. On July 1, 2022, we entered into an ATM Agreement
with B. Riley, as agent pursuant to which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock, up to $75 million in common stock,
in one or more offerings in amounts, at prices and in the terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. On July 1, 2022, we
filed a Form S-3 shelf registration statement (File No. 333-266009) with the SEC. On Aug 1, 2022, the SEC declared the Form S-3 shelf
registration statement filed by us to be effective. In 2025, the registration statement expired by law on its third anniversary. We expect
to file a new registration that will be declared effective during the first or second quarter of 2026. We did not sell any shares of common stock under
the ATM Agreement or pursuant to our self-registration statement. The nature of our business is several factors influence
the price we offer product to our customers, and by extension they sell to our end customer. Our products are manufactured by third-party
vendors who deal with increases in labor rates as a normal course of their respective businesses. The costing of the plastic components
of our toys can be sensitive to sudden swings in oil prices. Currency exchange can also create a degree of volatility, although the majority
of our products are sourced in USD or Hong Kong dollars. Increased volumes ideally generate increased scale at various points in the value
chain. Often times, in the toy industry when cost pressures result in price increases, the development teams will reengineer subsequent
year refreshes to cost-reduce the items down to support traditional price points and preserve historical margins. With those considerations
in mind as well as others, during the last three fiscal years ending December 31, we do not believe that inflation has had a material
impact on our net sales and income from continuing operations. Exchange Rates Sales from our United States and Hong Kong operations
are denominated in U.S. dollars and our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers and approval of marketing and promotional materials, limitations on channels of distribution, including
online sales, change of ownership clauses that require licensor approval of such change and may require a fee to be paid under certain
circumstances and various other provisions that may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. ● New licenses can be difficult and expensive to obtain and, in some cases,
    retain. Our continued success will substantially depend
upon our ability to maintain existing relevant licenses and obtain new additional licenses. Intense competition exists for desirable licenses
in our industry. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure or renew significant licenses on terms acceptable to us. In addition,
as we add licenses, the need to fund additional capital expenditures, royalty advances and guaranteed minimum royalty payments may strain
our cash resources. Often, licensors require cash advance payments upon signing agreements against future minimum royalty obligations,
which requires us to pay out cash several quarters prior to our ability to ship, invoice and ultimately collect revenue from the related
product sales. In addition, there might be licensor or consumer expectations that certain toy products contain music or musical elements
related to the original entertainment. Those music rights must be separately acquired at additional expense, and as a result can adversely
affect our profitability and competitiveness at retail. ● A limited number of licensors account for a large portion of our net
    sales. We derive a significant portion of our net sales
from a limited number of licensors. If one or more of these licensors were to terminate or fail to renew our licenses or not grant us
new licenses, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. ● Our license agreements are subject to audit. In most of our license agreements, the licensor
retains the right to utilize an auditor of their choosing to audit our performance against all elements of the agreement up to some number
of years after license expiration. In the event that errors or omissions were made in our normal course of business that resulted in
underpayment of royalties, shipping product to an unlicensed territory or channel of distribution, or a variety of other technical infractions,
we could be liable for past due royalties, accrued interest and other financial penalties as outlined in the agreement. 13 Table of Contents The failure of our character-related and theme-related products
to become and/or remain popular with children may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. The success of many of our character-related and
theme-related products depends upon the popularity of characters in books, movies, television programs, video games, live sporting exhibitions,
and other media and events. As we have a 9-18-month concept-to-market timeline depending on the product category, there is a degree of
exposure given our dependence on third parties to adhere to their planned schedules. By extension, any sudden disruption in that third
party’s release calendar can have negative repercussions for our business, both in terms of recouping our investments to date, as
well as monetizing those investments at the profit margins we have planned. We cannot assure you that: ● entertainment content associated with our character-related and theme-related product lines
    will be released at the times we expect, via the media we expected and/or will reach a wide enough audience to generate the level
    of consumer demand we anticipated in agreeing to sign the license and develop our product line; ● the success of entertainment content associated with our existing character-related and theme-related
    product lines will result in substantial promotional value to our products; ● we will be successful in renewing licenses upon expiration of terms that are favorable to us; ● we will be successful in obtaining licenses to produce new character-related and theme-related
    products in the future; ● we will continue to be able to assess effectively our licensors ’ ability to
    launch new brands in a manner to effectively create a market for consumer products given the rapidly changing content distribution
    landscape and a potential reprioritization of their goals for their content launches; or ● we will continue to be able to effectively assess the longevity and market appetite for consumer
    products for pre-existing licensor brands given the ever-increasing competition for consumer ’ s attention and discretionary
    spending. Our failure to achieve any or all the foregoing
benchmarks may cause the infrastructure of our operations to fail, thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations and
financial condition. A limited number of customers account for a large portion of
our net sales, so that if one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease
doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us or return substantial amounts of our products, it
could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our two largest customers are Target® and Walmart®,
which accounted for 26.6% and 26.1%, respectively, of our net sales in 2025. Except for outstanding purchase orders for specific products,
we do not have written contracts with, or commitments from, any of our customers, and pursuant to the terms of certain of our vendor agreements,
even some purchase orders may be cancelled without penalty up until delivery. A substantial reduction in or termination of orders from
any of our largest customers would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, pressure
by large customers seeking price reductions, financial incentives and changes in other terms of sale or for us to bear the risks and the
cost of importing and carrying inventory could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If one or more of our major customers were to
experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us resulting from bankruptcy or other deterioration in their financial condition
or ability to meet their obligations, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, or return
substantial amounts of our products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Restrictions under or the loss of availability under our revolving
credit line could adversely impact our business and financial condition . In June 2025, we entered into and consummated a
binding definitive agreement with BMO Bank N.A. (for a revolving credit facility) with the objective of increasing our overall liquidity. 14 Table of Contents All outstanding borrowings under the revolving
credit line are accelerated and become immediately due and payable (and the revolving credit line terminates) in the event of a default,
which includes, among other things, failure to comply with certain financial covenants or breach of representations contained in the
credit line documents, defaults under other loans or obligations, involvement in bankruptcy proceedings, an occurrence of a change of
control or an event constituting a material adverse effect on us (as such terms are defined in the credit line documents). In the event
of a default, it is possible that our assets and certain of our subsidiaries’ assets may be attached or seized by the lenders.
Any (i) failure by us to comply with the covenants or other provisions of the credit line (ii) difficulty in securing any required future
financing, or (iii) any such seizure or attachment of assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
Our revolving credit line matures in June 2030. We may enter into an At the Market Issuance Sales Agreement,
pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock, which may adversely affect the price of our Common
Stock. We have an At the Market Issuance Sales Agreement (“ATM
Agreement”), pursuant to which we may issue, from time to time, up to $75.0 million of common stock, in one or more offerings in
amounts, prices and at terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. Any such sale of common stock will dilute our other equity
holders and may adversely affect the market price of the common stock. We expect to file a shelf registration statement pursuant to
which we may offer and sell, from time to time , securities, which may adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. We expect to file with the SEC an effective registration
statement pursuant to which we may issue, from time to time, up to $150 million of securities (which will be reduced by any amount of
securities sold pursuant to the ATM Agreement) consisting of, or any combination of, common stock, preferred stock, debt securities,
warrants, rights and/or units, in one or more offerings in amounts, prices and at terms that we will determine at the time of the offering.
Any such sale of stock or convertible securities will, or have the potential to, dilute our other equity holders and may adversely affect
the market price of the common stock. We depend upon our Chief Executive Officer and any loss or interruption
of his services could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our success has been largely dependent upon the
experience and continued services of Stephen G. Berman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Though Mr. Berman is under contract
through March 2029, we cannot assure you that we would be able to find an appropriate replacement for Mr. Berman should the need arise,
and any loss or interruption of the services of Mr. Berman could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Market conditions and other third-party conduct could negatively
impact our margins and the implementation of other business initiatives. Economic conditions, such as decreased consumer
confidence, inflation or a recession, may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, general
economic conditions were significantly and negatively affected by the September 11th terrorist attacks and could be similarly affected
by any future attacks. The COVID-19 pandemic had a negative impact to our business in 2020 by disrupting consumer behavior, spending patterns
and ultimately the play patterns and events that often motivate purchases of our products. The sudden imposition of tariffs in 2025 in
the US on products sourced from China similarly reduced customer demand for our product in reaction to the increased cost per unit, while
similarly increasing our cost base for product we import for sale in the US out of our US warehouse location. Other conditions, such as
the unavailability of electronic components or other

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials used in the production
and sale of our toy products are plastics, zinc alloy, plush, printed fabrics, paper products and electronic components, all of which
are currently available at reasonable prices from a variety of sources. Although we do not directly manufacture our products, we own the
majority of the tools, dies and molds used in the manufacturing process, and these are transferable among manufacturers if we choose to
employ alternative manufacturers. Tools, dies and molds represent a substantial portion of our property and equipment with a net book
value of $16.6 million and $13.5 million as of December 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Substantially all of these assets are located
across various provinces in China. 8 Table of Contents Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses We routinely pursue protection of our products
through some form or combination of intellectual property right(s). We file patent applications where appropriate to protect our innovations
arising from new development and design, and as a result, possess a portfolio of issued patents in the U.S. and abroad. Most of our products
are produced and sold under trademarks owned by or licensed to us. In recent years, our rate of filing new trademark applications has
increased. We also register certain aspects of some of our products with the U.S. Copyright Office. In the same vein, we enforce our rights
against infringers because we recognize that our intellectual property rights are significant assets that contribute to our success. Accordingly,
while we believe we are sufficiently protected and the duration of our rights are aligned with the lifecycle of our products, the loss
of some of these rights could have an adverse effect on our financial growth expectations and business operations. Competition Competition in the toy industry is intense. Globally,
certain of our competitors have greater financial resources, larger sales and marketing and product development departments, stronger
name recognition, wholly-owned brands and properties with high consumer awareness and appeal, longer operating histories and benefit
from greater economies of scale. These factors, among others, may enable our competitors to market their products at lower prices or
on terms more advantageous to customers than those we could offer for our competitive products. Competition often extends to the procurement
of entertainment and product licenses, as well as the marketing and distribution of products and the obtaining of adequate shelf space.
Competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In many of our product lines we compete directly against one or
both of two of the toy industry’s most dominant companies, Mattel® and Hasbro®. In addition, we compete in our Halloween
costume lines with Rubies II®. We also compete with numerous smaller domestic and foreign toy manufacturers, importers and marketers
in each of our product categories. Seasonality and Backlog In 2025, 57.9% of our net sales were made in the
second and third quarters. Generally, the first quarter is the period of lowest shipments and sales in our business and in the toy industry
and therefore it is also the least profitable quarter due to various fixed costs. Seasonality factors cause our operating results to fluctuate
significantly from quarter to quarter. However, our outdoor/seasonal products are primarily sold in the spring and summer seasons, and
our year-round costume business ships most of its volume focused on consumer sales taking place just before Halloween at the end of October.
Our results of operations may also fluctuate because of factors such as the timing of new products (and related expenses) introduced by
us or our competitors, the theatrical/entertainment-led releases of licensed brands, the advertising activities of our competitors, delivery
schedules set by our customers and the emergence of new market entrants. We believe, however, that the low retail price of most of our
products may be less subject to seasonal fluctuations than higher-priced toy products. We ship products in accordance with delivery schedules
specified by our customers, who generally request delivery of products within three to six months of the date of their orders for orders
shipped FOB China or Hong Kong and within three days for orders shipped domestically (i.e., from one of our warehouses). Because customer
orders may be canceled at any time, often without penalty, our backlog may not accurately indicate sales for any future period. 9 Table of Contents Government and Industry Regulation Our products are subject to the provisions of
the Consumer Product Safety Act (“CPSA”) as amended by the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (“CPSIA”),
the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (“FHSA”), the Flammable Fabrics Act (“FFA”) and regulations promulgated
thereunder. Additionally, our products may be subject to various other regulations in the United States, European Union, and other jurisdictions.
The CPSIA, FHSA, and FFA are administered by the United States Consumer Products Safety Commission (“CPSC”) which requires
independent third-party testing by accredited laboratories of products we sell in the United States. Failure to comply with such requirements
can result in the CPSC banning such products. The CPSC also may require the recall to repair and/or repurchase by the manufacturer
of articles that it deems noncompliant. Similar laws exist in some states and cities and in various international markets. We maintain
a quality control program designed to reasonably ensure compliance with all applicable laws. Human Capital Our success comes from recruiting, retaining and
motivating talented individuals around the world. JAKKS Pacific, Inc. continuously strives to create a safe, healthy, productive and
harmonious work environment. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 652
employees (including temporary and seasonal employees) working in over 10 countries worldwide to create innovative products and experiences
that inspire, entertain, and develop children through play, with 292 employees (44.8 % of the total workforce) located outside the U.S. Employee Engagement One of our main focuses is employee retention.
We empower our management to identify top performers and mentor them. We encourage all employees to take advantage of in-house and external
training programs and continuing education. Our Human Resources department has an open-door policy that encourages employees to seek career
advancement advice. We hold various events and workshops throughout the year, and employees are encouraged to voice any concerns and/or
to bring forth their ideas and suggestions. Culture and Environment We are dedicated to developing and maintaining
a workplace culture that celebrates and values the unique contributions of every individual. Our organization’s ethos is significantly
shaped by the collective blend of distinct perspectives, life journeys, expertise, creativity, innovative thinking, self-expression,
exceptional skills, and talents that our team members bring to their roles. We wholeheartedly welcome and encourage the rich
tapestry of differences among our employees. This includes, but is not limited to, variations in age, skin tone, physical and cognitive
abilities, ethnic background, family composition, gender identity or expression, linguistic heritage, national origin, political views,
racial identity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, socio-economic background, military service history, and other personal characteristics. Our initiatives to promote a varied and representative
workforce encompass a wide range of practices and policies. These include, but are not limited to, our approaches to recruitment and
hiring, compensation packages and benefits, professional growth opportunities and training programs, as well as our processes for internal
promotions and transfers. 10 Table of Contents Training and Development We take pride in offering the opportunity for
employees to continuously learn and to grow their careers. Annually, employees are offered various types of training and the opportunity
to continue their education. This includes both online and instructor-led training covering a variety of topics ranging from career-related,
to federally- and locally-mandated, to JAKKS Pacific, Inc. Company policy, to financial services and health/wellness-related. Nearly
all employees take advantage of some if not all of these optional learning opportunities. Health and Safety We are committed to providing a safe, healthy and productive working
environment for all our employees globally. Environmental Issues We may be subject to legal and financial obligations
under environmental, health and safety laws in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we operate. We are not currently aware
of any material environmental liabilities associated with any of our operations. Available Information We make available free of charge on or through
our Internet website, www.jakks.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, we have previously filed registration
statements and other documents with the SEC. Any document we file may be inspected without charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
(These website addresses are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained in our website and in the SEC’s
website is not intended to be a part of this filing.) Our Corporate Information We were formed as a Delaware corporation in 1995.
Our principal executive offices are located at 2951 28th Street, Santa Monica, California 90405. Our telephone number is (424) 268-9444
and our Internet Website address is www.jakks.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in or deemed to be a part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

