TICKER: JBLU
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, our regional network, competition, market consolidation and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. Actual conditions may be different from our assumptions at any time and could cause us to further adjust our strategic operating plan. Our strategic operating plan also includes collaborative arrangements with other airlines, including our Blue Sky collaboration with United Airlines and similar industry standard interline agreements, which may involve operational, technological and commercial coordination. These initiatives may present additional execution risks, including systems challenges, increased complexity, higher than anticipated implementation or operating costs, regulatory scrutiny or delays, labor disputes and the risk that such initiatives do not achieve their anticipated benefits or desired results. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategic plan, that the growth that we anticipate will occur through execution of our strategic plan will not exacerbate any other risk described herein, that our strategic plan will not result in additional unanticipated costs, that our suppliers will timely provide adequate products or support for our products (including but not limited to engine support and certification of aircraft), or that our strategic plan will result in improvements in future financial performance. If we do not successfully execute our JetForward or other strategic plans, or if actual results vary significantly from our expectations, our business, operating results, financial condition, and market capitalization could be materially and adversely impacted. The failure to successfully structure our business to meet market conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our business is highly dependent on the availability of fuel, and fuel is subject to price volatility. Our results of operations are heavily impacted by the price and availability of fuel. Fuel costs comprise a substantial portion of our total operating expenses. Historically, fuel costs, such as U.S. Gulf Coast Jet, have been subject to wide price fluctuations, ranging from a low of $1.83 per gallon to a high of $3.85 per gallon from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025. These fluctuations are based on geopolitical factors as well as supply and demand. In addition, given our dependency on New York harbor jet fuel, we may be impacted more than our competitors by these price spikes due to decreases in refining capacity and increases in U.S. exports filling the void left by Russia. The price per gallon for New York harbor jet fuel has ranged from a low of $1.91 to $5.77 per gallon from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025. The availability of fuel is not only dependent on crude oil but also on refining capacity. When even a small amount of the domestic or global oil refining capacity becomes unavailable, supply shortages can result for extended periods of time. The availability of fuel is also affected by demand for home heating oil, gasoline and other petroleum products, as well as crude oil reserves, dependence on foreign imports of crude oil and potential hostilities in oil producing areas of the world. Because of the effects of these factors on the price and availability of fuel, the cost and future availability of fuel cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Our aircraft fuel purchase agreements do not protect us against price increases or guarantee the availability of fuel. Additionally, some of our competitors may have more leverage than we do in obtaining fuel. We have and may continue to enter into a variety of option contracts and swap agreements for crude oil, heating oil, and jet fuel to partially protect against significant increases in fuel prices. However, such contracts and agreements do not completely protect us against price volatility, are limited in volume and duration, can be less effective during volatile market conditions and may carry counterparty risk. Under the fuel hedge contracts we may enter from time to time, counterparties to those contracts may require us to fund the margin associated with any loss position on the contracts. Meeting our obligations to fund these margin calls could adversely affect our liquidity. Due to the competitive nature of the domestic airline industry, at times we have not been able to adequately increase our fares to offset the increases in fuel prices nor may we be able to do so in the future. Future fuel price increases, continued high fuel price volatility or fuel supply shortages may result in a curtailment of scheduled services and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our maintenance costs will increase as our fleet ages. Our maintenance costs will increase as our fleet ages. In the past, we have incurred lower maintenance expenses because most of the parts on our aircraft were under multi-year warranties, but many of these warranties on JetBlue's existing fleet types have expired. If any maintenance provider with whom we have a flight hour agreement fails to perform or honor such agreements, we could incur higher interim maintenance costs until we negotiate new agreements. Furthermore, we expect to continue to implement various fleet modifications over the next several years to facilitate our aircraft's continued efficiency, modernization, brand consistency, and safety. These fleet modifications require significant investment over several years, some of which involve taking aircraft out of service for days or weeks at a time. Our salaries, wages, and benefits costs will increase as our workforce ages. As our crewmembers' tenure with JetBlue matures, our salaries, wages, and benefits costs increase. As our overall workforce ages, we expect the cost of our medical and related benefits to increase as well, despite an increased corporate focus 19 Table of Contents on crewmember wellness. As part of our overall profitability strategy, we periodically offer voluntary separation packages to certain crewmembers, with the goal of reducing fixed costs by giving people who work in a number of corporate functions, in our airports, and in our customer support centers the opportunity to leave JetBlue with a departing pay and benefits package. There can be no assurance that these measures will lead to a significant reduction in costs. A material reduction in the rate of interchange reimbursement fees or other regulatory actions that may materially affect the economics of credit card programs could have an adverse effect on JetBlue's business and operating results. The TrueBlue ® loyalty program operated by us, and the programs operated by our TrueBlue ® partners and the payment card transactions conducted in connection with such programs, are significantly impacted by the rate of interchange reimbursement fees (i.e., the fees charged to merchants by the issuing banks), for which rates have historically been set by card processing networks. In addition, the overall economics of the TrueBlue ® loyalty program are influenced by other sources of revenue and costs affecting the issuing banks that support the program, including those arising from payment card transactions. Interchange reimbursement fees continue to be subject to increased government regulation globally, and such regulations may be conflicting across jurisdictions in which we operate. It may be complex, costly, or infeasible to comply with such regulations, which could have an adverse effect on JetBlue's business and operating results. In addition, regulatory authorities and central banks in a number of jurisdictions have been reviewed or are reviewing these fees and related practices, and may enact regulations that exert downward pressure on such fees. For example, regulations adopted by the U.S. Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("Federal Reserve") cap the maximum U.S. debit interchange reimbursement rate received by card issuers operating in the U.S. with assets of $10 billion or more at 21 cents plus 5 basis points per transaction, plus a possible fraud adjustment of 1 cent. There has also been proposed revisions to the limits on interchange reimbursement fees set by the Federal Reserve and previously been bipartisan legislation that would limit interchange reimbursement fees for credit card transactions which, if enacted, could fundamentally alter the profitability of our agreements with co-branded credit card partners and the benefits we provide to our customers through the co-branded credit cards issued by these partners. In addition, legislative or regulatory actions that limit or cap interest rates, fees or other revenue sources associated with credit card products could reduce the availability of credit card products, limit card usage and spending, and alter consumer behavior. These developments could reduce willingness or ability of issuing banks to fund loyalty rewards, marketing support or other program economics, or could result in the renegotiation or termination of co-branded credit card agreements. A material decrease in the rate of interchange reimbursement fees, or other adverse changes to the economics of credit card programs, including limits on interest rates, fees, or other issuer revenue sources, either voluntarily by card processing networks or mandated by authorities, would adversely affect the TrueBlue ® loyalty program, as well as the loyalty programs that our airline partners operate, and would have an adverse effect on JetBlue's business and operating results. There can be no assurance that there will not be a material decrease in interchange reimbursement fees, or other regulatory actions affecting credit card economics, including due to new laws or regulatory action by the government. Because we derive a portion of our revenues from operations outside the United States, the risks of doing business internationally, or in a particular country or region, could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, or disrupt our business. We currently opera te in 32 count ries around the world. Our available seat miles that take off or land outside the United States and Canada represented approximatel y 40% of o ur revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. Over the long term, we expect our international operations may account for an increasing portion of our total revenues and available seat miles. Expansion into new international markets may have risks due to factors specific to those markets. In connection with our international operations, we are required to comply with U.S. and other applicable economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, which restrict our ability to transact and deal with certain countries, regions, governments, and persons. We have expanded and expect to continue to expand our service to countries in the Caribbean and Latin America, some of which have less developed legal systems, financial markets, and business and political environments than the United States, and therefore present greater political, legal, regulatory, economic, and operational risks. We emphasize legal compliance and have implemented and continue to implement and refresh policies, procedures and certain ongoing training of crewmembers with regard to business ethics and compliance, compliance with economic and trade sanctions, anti-corruption policies and many key legal requirements; however, there can be no assurance our crewmembers or third-party service providers will adhere to our code of business conduct, anti-corruption and trade compliance policies, other Company policies, or other legal requirements. If we fail to enforce our policies and procedures properly or maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions, we may be subject to sanctions. In the event we believe or have reason to believe our crewmembers have or may have violated applicable laws or regulations, we may be subject to investigation costs, potential penalties and other related costs which in turn could negatively affect our reputation, and our results of operations and cash flow. In addition, to the extent we continue to grow our business both domestically and internationally, opening new markets requires us to commit a substantial amount of resources even before the new services commence. Expansion is also dependent upon our ability to maintain a safe and secure operation and requires additional personnel, equipment, and facilities. 20 Table of Contents As a result, we are subject to the risks of doing business outside the United States, including: • the costs of complying with laws, regulations, and policies (including taxation policies) of foreign governments relating to investments and operations, the costs or desirability of complying with local practices and customs, and the impact of various anti-corruption and other laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad; • evolving local data residency requirements that require data to be stored only in and, in some cases, also to be accessed only from within, a certain jurisdiction; • U.S. and foreign taxation of income earned abroad; • import and export licensing requirements and regulations, as well as unforeseen changes in regulatory requirements, including imposition of tariffs or embargoes, import or export regulations, controls, and other trade restrictions; • political and economic instability; • fluctuations in GDP, interest and currency exchange rates, civil disturbances, government instability, nationalization and expropriation of private assets, trafficking and the imposition of tariffs, taxes or other charges by governments; • health and safety protocols, including global care and cleanliness certifications, at the airports in which we operate; • the complexity of managing an organization doing business in many jurisdictions; • uncertainties as to local laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights and occasional requirements for onerous contract clauses; and • rapid changes in government, economic, and political policies; political or civil unrest; acts of terrorism; or the threat of international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation. While these factors and the impact of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could lower our revenues, affect our operations, increase our costs, reduce our profits, or disrupt our business. The occurrence of any of these events in markets served by us and the resulting instability may adversely affect our business. Moreover, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD") has announced an accord commonly referred to as "Pillar Two" to set a global minimum tax rate of 15% on corporate profits. The OECD and numerous countries also reached an accord to exempt U.S. based corporations from many of the requirements of Pillar Two. The ultimate impact of Pillar Two is uncertain and may have an adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict whether the U.S. Congress or any other governmental body may enact new tax legislation or tax regulations, or offer any assurance that new legislation or regulations, including changes to existing laws and regulations, will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects Our high aircraft utilization rate helps us keep our costs low, but also makes us vulnerable to delays and cancellations; such delays and cancellations could reduce our profitability and harm our reputation. We maintain a high daily aircraft utilization rate, which is the amount of time our aircraft spend in the air carrying passengers. High daily aircraft utilization is achieved in part by reducing turnaround times at airports so we can fly more hours on average in a day. Aircraft utilization is reduced by delays and cancellations from various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, security requirements, air traffic congestion, infrastructure failures (such as technical issues with air-traffic control systems), unscheduled maintenance events, issues associated with the availability and effectiveness of air traffic personnel, and skilled labor shortages, including with respect to pilots. The majority of our operations are concentrated in the Northeast and Florida, which are particularly vulnerable to weather and congestion delays. Reduced aircraft utilization may limit our ability to achieve and maintain profitability as well as lead to customer dissatisfaction and reputational harm. Our business is highly dependent on the New York metropolitan market and increases in competition or congestion or a reduction in demand for air travel in this market, or governmental reduction of our operating capacity at JFK, could harm our business. We are highly dependent on the New York metropolitan market where we maintain a large presence with approximately one-half of our daily flights having JFK, LaGuardia, Newark, Westchester County Airport or Long Island MacArthur Airport as either their origin or destination. We have historically experienced an increase in flight delays and cancellations at these airports due to airport congestion which has adversely affected our operating performance and results of operations. Our business could be further harmed by an increase in the amount of direct competition we face in the New York metropolitan market or by continued or increased congestion, delays or cancellations. Our business would also be harmed by any circumstances causing a reduction in demand for air transportation in the New York metropolitan area, such as adverse changes in local economic conditions, health concerns, climatic concerns (including adverse weather and sea-level rise), negative public perception of 21 Table of Contents New York City, acts of terrorism, or significant price or tax increases linked to increases in airport access costs and fees imposed on passengers. In addition, ATC staffing shortages in the Northeast and Florida have forced us to cut back our capacity plans to help protect our operations. Even with recently approved federal funding to support ATC reform, there is no assurance that allocations will prioritize the New York airspace or that such allocations will be completely effective. If the New York airspace does not receive timely and effective deployment of resources, congestion, delays, cancellations, and operational constraints in our New York markets could continue or intensify, adversely affecting our operations and results. The FAA has granted a temporary slot relief of 10% until October 2026, but there is no guarantee that relief will be extended and ATC staffing shortages may continue beyond the period of relief. Extended interruptions or disruptions in service at one or more of our focus cities could have a material adverse impact on our operations. Our business is heavily dependent on our operations in the New York metropolitan area, particularly at JFK, and in our other focus cities: Boston, Orlando, Fort Lauderdale, the Los Angeles basin, and San Juan. Each of these operations includes flights that gather and distribute traffic to other major cities. A significant interruption or disruption in service at one or more of our focus cities could have a serious impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may be impacted by increases in airport expenses relating to infrastructure and facilities, as well as by infrastructure and regulatory disruptions or failures. In order to operate within our current markets as well as continue to grow in new markets, we must be able to obtain adequate infrastructure and facilities within the airports we serve. This includes gates, check-in facilities, operations facilities, and landing slots, where applicable. The costs associated with these airports are often negotiated on a short-term basis with the airport authority and we could be subject to increases in costs on a regular basis with or without our approval. There is a possibility that airport authorities, suffering from revenue shortfalls due to the pandemic, may attempt to recover those shortfalls by passing along the costs or increasing rents or fees to airline tenants. Our operations have and may in the future be impacted by disruptions associated with the current ATC system utilized by the U.S. government. The air traffic controller shortage and outdated ATC system, as well as the U.S. governmental shutdowns, has led to short-term capacity constraints imposed by government agencies and has resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic during peak travel periods in certain markets due to its inability to handle demand and reduced resiliency in the event of a failure causing flight cancellations and delays. Failure to continue the process of modernizing the ATC system in a timely manner, or imposing substantial funding requirements on air carriers, may have an adverse impact on the Company's financial condition or operating results. Our results of operations fluctuate due to seasonality, weather, and other factors. We expect our quarterly operating results to fluctuate due to seasonality including high vacation and leisure demand generally occurring on our Florida and Caribbean routes between October and April and on our western routes during the summer. Actions of our competitors and travel restrictions may also contribute to fluctuations in our results. We are more susceptible to adverse weather conditions, including snow storms and hurricanes, than some of our competitors as a result of our operations being concentrated on the East Coast. Certain of these seasonal factors, including adverse weather conditions in the East Coast, Florida and Caribbean, have been adversely affected by climate change in recent years, and are likely to continue to be adversely exacerbated by the physical effects of climate change for the foreseeable future. As we enter new markets, we could be subject to additional seasonal variations along with any competitive responses to our entry by other airlines. In addition, there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Various meteorological phenomena and extreme weather events (including, but not limited to, storms, flooding, drought, wildfire, and extreme temperatures) may disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers and business partners, cause flight cancellations, delays, and diversions, require us to incur additional operating or capital expenditures, reduce the demand for certain of our flight offerings, or otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The frequency and/or intensity of such events may increase over time. Price changes in aircraft fuel as well as the timing and amount of maintenance and advertising expenditures may also impact our operations. As a result of these factors, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not be a good indicator of our future performance. In addition, it is possible in any future period our operating results could be below the expectations of investors and any published reports or analysis regarding JetBlue. In such an event, the price of our common stock could decline, perhaps substantially. We have been, and may from time to time be, subject to legal and regulatory proceedings that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. From time to time, we are, and in the future may continue to be, involved in legal proceedings, claims, investigations, regulatory actions, labor disputes or other legal matters. The outcome of these and other such matters is inherently uncertain, and adverse results could result in monetary damages, fines, penalties, injunctive or other non-monetary relief, negative publicity, diversion of management's time and attention, or requirements to modify our business practices, any of which could 22 Table of Contents materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Defending these matters can be costly, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations, and amounts paid in connection with judgments, settlements or penalties may not be fully covered by insurance or insurance may by unavailable, insufficient or not collectible. For additional information on certain legal matters in which we are involved, see Part I, Item 3. "Legal Proceedings," and Note 11 and Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. We are subject to the risks of having a limited number of suppliers for our aircraft, engines, and our Fly-Fi ® product. Our current dependence on four specific types of aircraft and engines for all of our flights makes us vulnerable to any significant problems associated with Pratt & Whitney Geared Turbofan Engines (the "PW1100G"), on our A321neo fleet; International Aero Engines (the "IAE V2533-A5"), on our Airbus A321 fleet, International Aero Engines (the "IAE V2527-A5"), on our Airbus A320 fleet, collectively (the "V2500") engine type; and Pratt & Whitney Geared Turbofan Engines (the "PW1500G"), on our A220 fleet. This could include, but is not limited to design defects, mechanical problems, contractual performance, such as delivery delays by the manufacturers, or adverse perception by the public which may result in customer avoidance or in actions by the FAA that would impede our ability to operate our aircraft, such as the FAA emergency airworthiness directive on Airbus A320-family aircraft requiring certain software updates that were identified and remediated in November 2025. Because our fleet is concentrated among a limited number of aircraft and engine types, any such issues could disproportionately affect our operations, require us to ground additional aircraft, adjust capacity plans, incur higher costs, or delay the execution of our strategic initiatives. In July 2023, Pratt & Whitney, a division of RTX Corporation, announced the requirement, mandated by the FAA , for removal of certain engines for inspection due to a rare condition involving powdered metal used in the production of certain engine parts on the PW1100G and PW1500G engine types. These engines power our Airbus A220 and Airbus A321neo fleets. The powdered metal affects engines manufactured between October 2015 and September 2021. Those engines are now required to be inspected after they have reached a reduced number of cycles dependent on the fleet type. As a result of these required inspections and other engine durability deficiencies, as of December 31, 2025 , we had four aircraft grounded due to lack of engine availability, and we expect the number of aircraft groundings in 2026 to be in mid-single digits. The Company currently expects each removed engine to take approximately 200 days for the PW1500G engines and approximately 300 days for the PW1100G engines to complete a shop visit and return to a serviceable condition. Given that we expect to have a certain number of aircraft groundings into 2026 and beyond, we plan to continue to assess the resulting impact on our future capacity plans. We are currently working with Pratt & Whitney on a resolution and any potential remediation steps remains uncertain. Carriers operating a more diversified fleet are better positioned than we are to manage such events. Our Fly-Fi ® service uses technology and satellite access through our agreement with Thales Avionics, Inc. ("Thales"). An integral component of the Fly-Fi ® system is the antenna, which is supplied to us by Thales. If Thales were to stop supplying us with its antennas for any reason, we would have to incur significant costs to procure an alternate supplier. Additionally, if the satellites Fly-Fi ® uses were to become inoperable for any reason, we would have to incur significant costs to replace the service. Tariffs, including those that impact commercial aircraft and related parts imported from outside the United States, or tariffs that may be escalated over time, may have a material adverse effect on our fleet, business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain of the products and services that we purchase, including aircraft and related parts, are sourced from suppliers located outside the United States, and the imposition of new tariffs, or any increase in existing tariffs, by the U.S. government on the importation of such products or services could materially increase the amounts we pay for them. We may seek to postpone or cancel delivery of certain aircraft or parts currently scheduled for delivery or purchase, and we may choose not to purchase in the future as many aircraft as we intended. In addition, should additional or different retaliatory tariffs be imposed, our business could be harmed. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on the size of our fleet, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Stockholder activism has and could in the future disrupt our business, cause us to incur significant expenses, hinder execution of our business strategy, and impact our stock price. The Company has been and may continue to be subject to actions from activist shareholders or others that may not align with its business strategies or may not be in the best interests of all of its shareholders. Shareholder activism has resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial costs, such as legal fees and expenses, and divert management's and our Board's attention and resources from our business and strategic plans. Additionally, shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with our customers, partners, licensees, business partners or other investors, make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, and cause our stock price to fluctuate based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. These risks could adversely affect our business and operating results. 23 Table of Contents Cybersecurity and Information Security Risks Our reputation and business may be harmed, and we may be subject to legal claims if there is disruption to our information technology systems or loss, unlawful disclosure or misappropriation of, or unsanctioned access to, our customers', crewmembers', business partners' or our own information or other breaches of our information security. We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites and networks for both internal and external operations that are critical to our business (collectively, "IT Systems"). We own and manage some of these IT Systems but also rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services, including but not limited to cloud computing services and encryption and authentication technologies licensed from third parties for credit card processing activities. In addition, we and certain of our third-party providers collect, process, and maintain data about customers, crewmembers, contractors, business partners and others, including credit card data and personally identifiable information, as well as trade secrets, financial information and other sensitive and proprietary business information (collectively, "Confidential Information"). The secure maintenance and transmission of customer and crewmember information, in particular, is a critical element of our operations. We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity and privacy risks and threats, such as criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, social engineering, employee malfeasance, and human or technological error, including misconfigurations, bugs, and other vulnerabilities in software and hardware that support our operations. High-profile cyberattacks and security breaches at other companies and in government agencies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of cyberattacks targeting businesses such as ours. Because we make extensive use of third-party providers, such as online services and centralized data processing, successful cyberattacks that disrupt or result in unauthorized access to third-party IT Systems beyond our control could materially impact our business. In many cases, we have limited ability to monitor or verify the security practices of these business partners or their subcontractors. Given the nature of complex systems, software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we and our third parties deploy across our IT Systems, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. We are unable to comprehensively apply patches or confirm that measures are in place to mitigate all such vulnerabilities, or that patches will be applied before vulnerabilities are exploited by a threat actor. If attackers are able to exploit vulnerabilities before patches are installed or mitigating measures are implemented, significant compromises could impact IT Systems and Confidential Information. Threat actors routinely attempt to disrupt or gain access to our IT Systems and Confidential Information. While we make significant efforts to design and implement security measures, we cannot provide any assurances that our efforts will defend against all cyberattacks. We remain vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software (for example, ransomware), zero-day vulnerabilities, social engineering/phishing, breaches of our security policies and controls, and the negligence or malfeasance of parties who have or obtain access to our IT Systems or Confidential Information. For example, threat actors regularly attempt to fraudulently induce our crewmembers, customers, and others to disclose Confidential Information or provide access to our IT Systems. Based on our current assessments, to date, we have not identified any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected our business, operations, or financial condition, consistent with our disclosure in Item 1C. Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in frequency and magnitude as threat actors become increasingly sophisticated in leveraging techniques and tools (including artificial intelligence) that circumvent security controls, evade detection, and even remove forensic evidence. This means we may be unable to detect, investigate, remediate or recover from future attacks or incidents, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our IT Systems or Confidential Information. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully effective in protecting our systems and information. Any compromises to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our IT Systems or Confidential Information could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition, and could result in a loss of customers. For example, personal information may be lost, disclosed, accessed, or taken without consent. Additionally, any material failure by us to achieve or maintain compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, ("PCI DSS") and related requirements or rectify a security issue may result in fines and the imposition of restrictions on our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment. Any such loss, disclosure or misappropriation of, or access to, customers', crewmembers' or business partners' information or other breach of our information security or IT Systems can result in legal claims or legal proceedings (such as class actions), regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, fines and penalties, negative reputational impacts that cause us to lose existing or future customers, and/or significant incident response, system restoration/remediation and regulatory compliance costs. Any or all of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, the loss, disclosure or misappropriation of our business information may materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. While we evaluate and procure insurance policies that are intended to address liabilities and losses associated with cybersecurity risks and threats, there is no guarantee that any 24 Table of Contents policies would cover any or all of the losses associated with a cyberattack or other security incident, or that we will be able to procure such coverage in the future. Emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence used both by us and by threat actors, could introduce new vulnerabilities, enable more sophisticated attacks, or lead to unintended processing or disclosure of data. Given our reliance on complex technology and third-party-operated systems to support flight operations, crew scheduling, maintenance, and customer service, certain cybersecurity incidents, even if originating at third parties, could materially disrupt our operations, lead to flight delays or cancellations, or otherwise adversely affect safety, revenue, and customer experience. We rely heavily on automated systems to operate our business; any failure of these systems could harm our business. We are dependent on a broad range of IT Systems, for example, automated systems and technology to operate our business, enhance the JetBlue experience, and achieve low operating costs. The performance and reliability of our automated systems and data centers is critical to our ability to operate our business and compete effectively. These systems include our computerized airline reservation system, flight operations system, telecommunications systems, website, maintenance systems, check-in kiosks, and our primary and redundant data centers. Our website and reservation system must be able to securely accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver important flight information. These systems require upgrades or replacement periodically, which involve implementation and other operational risks. Our business may be harmed if we fail to operate, replace or upgrade our systems or data center infrastructure successfully. We rely on third-party providers of our current automated systems and data center infrastructure for technical support. If our current providers were to fail to adequately provide technical support for any one of our key existing systems or if new or updated components were not integrated smoothly, we could experience service disruptions, which could result in the loss of important data, increase our expenses, decrease our revenues and generally harm our business, reputation, and brand. Furthermore, our automated systems cannot be completely protected against events beyond our control, including natural disasters, computer viruses, cyberattacks, other security breaches, or telecommunications failures. Substantial or sustained system failures could impact customer service and result in our customers purchasing tickets from other airlines. We have implemented security measures, and change control procedures and have disaster recovery plans. We also require our third-party providers to have disaster recovery plans; however, we cannot assure you these measures are adequate to prevent disruptions, which, if they were to occur, could result in the loss of important data, increase our expenses, decrease our revenues, and generally harm our business, reputation, and brand. Data Privacy and Security Compliance Risks Data security compliance requirements could increase our costs, and any significant data breach could disrupt our operations and harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to increasing legislative, regulatory, and customer focus on privacy issues and data security. Our business requires the appropriate and secure utilization of customer, crewmember, business partner, and other sensitive information. We cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities (including cyberattacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, and the like), discovery of new vulnerabilities or attempts to exploit existing vulnerabilities in our systems, other data thefts, physical system or network break-ins or inappropriate access, or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting the networks that access and store sensitive information. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has increased as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Furthermore, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data security in the U.S. and abroad, including requirements for varying levels of customer notification in the event of a data breach. Federal and state regulations in the cybersecurity and privacy area continue to develop and evolve, including laws in jurisdictions such as California that provide for potential statutory damages in certain types of data breaches. International regulations add complexity as we expand our services and include more passengers from other countries. Many of our commercial business partners, including credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that we must meet. In particular, we are required by the PCI DSS Council, founded by the credit card companies, to comply with their highest level of data security standards. We are also subject to evolving laws and rules regarding the reporting and disclosure of cybersecurity incidents, which may increase our compliance obligations or costs. A significant data security breach or our failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data security regulations or other data security standards may expose us to litigation, claims for contract breach, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation, and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The costs to remediate breaches and similar system compromises that do occur could be material. In addition, as cyber crimes become more frequent, intense, and sophisticated, the costs of proactive defensive measures may increase. Failure to address these issues appropriately could also give rise to additional legal risks, which, in turn, could increase 25 Table of Contents the size and number of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, and cause us to incur further related costs and expenses. Compliance with ever-evolving federal, state, and foreign laws and other requirements relating to the handling of information about individuals necessitates significant expenditure and resources, and any failure by us or our business partners to comply may result in significant liability, negative publicity, and/or an erosion of trust, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In connection with running our business, we receive, store, use and otherwise process information that relates to individuals and/or constitutes "personal data," "personal information," "personally identifiable information," or similar terms under applicable data privacy laws (collectively, "Personal Information"), including from and about actual customers, as well as our crewmembers, and business contacts. We also depend on business partners in relation to the operation of our business, a number of which process Personal Information on our behalf. We and our business partners are subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign data privacy laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and other requirements, including those that apply generally to the handling of Personal Information, and those that are specific to certain industries, sectors, contexts, or locations. These requirements, and their application, interpretation and amendment are constantly evolving. It is also possible that new laws, regulations and other requirements, or amendments to or changes in interpretations of existing laws, regulations and other requirements, may require us to incur significant costs, implement new processes, or change our handling of information and business operations, which could hinder our ability to grow our business by extracting value from our data assets. In recent years, certain states have adopted or modified data privacy and security laws and regulations that may apply to our business. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") requires businesses that process personal information of California residents to, among other things: provide certain disclosures to California residents regarding the business's collection, use, and disclosure of their personal information; receive and respond to requests from California residents to access, delete, and correct their personal information, or to opt-out of certain disclosures of their personal information; and enter into specific contractual provisions with service providers that process California residents' personal information on the business's behalf. The enactment of the CCPA is prompting a wave of similar legislative developments in other states in the United States, which creates a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws. These laws are in some cases relatively new and the interpretation and application of these laws are uncertain. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and other requirements could result in proceedings or actions against us by individuals, consumer rights groups, government agencies, or others. We could incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay significant damages or fines or be required to make changes to our business. Further, these proceedings and any subsequent adverse outcomes may subject us to significant negative publicity and an erosion of trust. If any of these events were to occur, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Human Capital Related Risks If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel or fail to maintain our company culture, our business could be harmed. We compete against other major U.S. airlines for pilots, mechanics, and other skilled labor; some of them offer wage and benefit packages exceeding ours. As more pilots in the industry approach mandatory retirement age, the U.S. airline industry has been affected by a pilot shortage, which may worsen over time. At times, we have been required to increase wages and benefits in order to attract and retain qualified personnel, and we may be required to commit to further increases in the future or risk considerable crewmember turnover. If we are unable to attract, train, and retain qualified crewmembers of all backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets, our business could be harmed and we may be unable to implement our growth plans. However, negative perception of our crewmember talent initiatives, whether due to our perceived over- or under- pursuit of such initiatives, may likewise result in issues retaining qualified employees, as well as potential litigation or other adverse impacts. In addition, our business may be harmed if we lose too many individuals with institutional knowledge. We believe one of our competitive strengths is our service-oriented company culture, which emphasizes friendly, helpful, qualified, team-oriented, and customer-focused crewmembers. Our company culture is important to providing high quality customer service and having a productive workforce in order to help keep our costs low. As we experience turnover, we may be unable to identify, hire, or retain enough people who demonstrate the values of our company culture, including those in management or other key positions. If we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed. 26 Table of Contents We may be subject to further unionization, work stoppages, slowdowns or increased labor costs, and the unionization of our pilots, flight instructors and inflight crewmembers have and could continue to result in increased labor costs. Our business is labor intensive and the unionization of any of our crewmembers could result in demands that may increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Any of the different crafts or classes of our crewmembers could unionize at any time, which would require us to negotiate in good faith with the crewmember group's certified representative concerning a collective bargaining agreement. In addition, we may be subject to disruptions by unions protesting the non-union status of our other crewmembers. Any of these events would be disruptive to our operations and could harm our business. In general, unionization has increased costs in the airline industry. In 2014, our pilots voted to be represented by the ALPA, and our first collective bargaining agreement was ratified by the pilots and became effective on August 1, 2018. In February 2025, the contract became amendable. Contract negotiations formally began early in May 2024 and are ongoing. In April 2018, JetBlue inflight crewmembers elected to be represented by TWU. In December 2021, our inflight crewmembers ratified our first collective bargaining agreement with TWU, which is a five-year, renewable contract effective December 13, 2021. The option for TWU to initiate negotiations began on January 1, 2025 and is ongoing until the contract amendable date of December 13, 2026. On July 14, 2022, TWU filed a representation application with the NMB seeking an election among the 35 pilot instructors ("Flight Instructors"). The Flight Instructors voted for TWU representation. Contract negotiations for an initial CBA began in April 2024 and are ongoing. In November 2025, TWU filed a petition with the NMB seeking to represent the Company’s dispatchers, air traffic system controllers, and system controllers. The NMB has authorized an election which will run from January 15, 2026 through February 26, 2026. The vote is scheduled to be counted on or around February 26, 2026. Reputational Risks Our reputation and financial results could be harmed in the event of an accident or incident involving our aircraft. An accident or incident involving one of our aircraft could involve significant potential claims of injured passengers or others in addition to repair or replacement of a damaged aircraft and its consequential temporary or permanent loss from service. We are required by the DOT to carry liability insurance. Although we believe we currently maintain liability insurance in amounts and of the type generally consistent with industry practice, the amount of such coverage may not be adequate and we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident or incident. Substantial claims resulting from an accident or incident in excess of our related insurance coverage would harm our business and financial results. Moreover, any aircraft accident or incident, even if fully covered by our existing insurance, could cause a public perception that we are less safe or reliable than other airlines which would harm our business. We have been, and may from time to time be, impacted by events that do not affect the safe operation of the aircraft, such as issues involving onboard conditions or aircraft systems, which could nevertheless result in adverse publicity, customer or crewmember complaints, regulatory scrutiny, claims or litigation, or reputational harm. Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of the JetBlue brand. The JetBlue brand name symbolizes our values of high-quality, friendly customer service, innovation, fun, and a pleasant travel experience. JetBlue is a widely recognized and respected global brand; the JetBlue brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. The JetBlue brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity, whether or not justified, relating to activities by our crewmembers, contractors, or agents could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Increasingly, the perception our customers and other stakeholders have about how we address the risks and opportunities we face related to hiring and retention initiatives and climate change engagement, our role in the communities in which we operate, our relationship with our crewmembers, and other considerations may impact our reputation. Furthermore, increased usage of social media platforms presents increased risks to our reputation and our business. We may suffer damage to our reputation as a result of negative or inaccurate posts or comments about JetBlue on social media platforms, including related delays or cancellations on our flights even when these are due to weather or other circumstances that are outside of our control. In addition, inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of our social media platforms by our crewmembers or others associated with us may damage our reputation, and could lead to legal implications in the event that information is improperly collected and/or disseminated, or non-public sensitive information related to JetBlue or others is disclosed. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. 27 Table of Contents Financing and Financial Risks We have a significant amount of fixed obligations and we expect to incur significantly more fixed obligations in the future, which could harm our ability to service our current obligations or satisfy future fixed obligations. As of December 31, 2025, our debt and finance lease obligations, including interest were approximately $11.5 billion. In addition, we have a significant amount of other fixed obligations under operating leases related to our aircraft, airport terminal space, airport hangars, other facilities, and office space. As of December 31, 2025, future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases and other financing obligations were approximately $3.3 billion. As of December 31, 2025, we had commitments of approximately $5.7 billion to purchase 86 additional aircraft and related flight equipment through 2033, including estimated amounts for contractual price escalations and pre-delivery deposits. We may incur additional debt and other fixed obligations as we take delivery of new aircraft or finance unencumbered aircraft in our fleet and other equipment and continue to expand into new or existing markets. In an effort to limit the incurrence of significant additional debt, we may seek to defer some of our scheduled deliveries, sell or lease aircraft to others, or pay cash for new aircraft, to the extent necessary or possible. The amount of our existing debt, and other fixed obligations, and potential increases in the amount of our debt and other fixed obligations could have important consequences to investors and could require a substantial portion of cash flows from operations for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. Our level of debt and other fixed obligations could: • impact our ability to obtain additional financing to support capital expansion plans, including our JetForward strategy and for working capital and other purposes on acceptable terms or at all; • divert substantial cash flow from our operations, execution of our commercial initiatives, and expansion plans in order to service our fixed obligations; • require us to incur more interest expense than we currently do if rates were to increase, since approximately 22% of our debt has floating interest rates; • place us at a possible competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged competitors and competitors with better access to capital resources or more favorable financing terms; and • lead to rating agency downgrades which in turn could impact our ability to raise capital at attractive terms. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other fixed obligations will depend on our future operating performance and cash flows, which in turn will depend on prevailing economic and political conditions and financial, competitive, regulatory, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We are principally dependent upon our operating cash flows and access to the capital markets to fund our operations and to make scheduled payments on debt and other fixed obligations. We cannot assure that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations or from capital market activities to pay our debt and other fixed obligations as they become due. If we fail to do so, our business could be harmed. If we are unable to make payments on our debt and other fixed obligations, we could be forced to renegotiate those obligations or seek to obtain additional equity or other forms of additional financing. Agreements governing our debt include financial and other covenants. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default. Our debt agreements contain various affirmative, negative and financial covenants and complying with certain of these covenants, or entering into agreements with additional covenants, may restrict our ability to execute our strategies, including JetForward, or otherwise constrain our operations. If we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result, which could lead to, among other things, an acceleration of outstanding obligations under such agreements. In addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under one financing agreement could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. The acceleration of significant amounts of debt could require us to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under our financing arrangements, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We typically finance our aircraft through either secured debt, lease financing, or through cash from operations. The impact on financial institutions from global economic conditions may adversely affect the availability and cost of credit to JetBlue as well as to prospective purchasers of our aircraft should we undertake to sell in the future, including financing commitments we have already obtained for purchases of new aircraft or financing or refinancing of existing aircraft. To the extent we finance our activities with additional debt, we may become subject to financial and other covenants that may restrict our ability to pursue our strategies, including JetForward, or otherwise constrain our operations. 28 Table of Contents Our liquidity could be adversely impacted in the event one or more of our credit card processors were to impose material reserve requirements for payments due to us from credit card transactions. We currently have agreements with organizations that process credit card transactions arising from purchases of air travel tickets by our customers. Credit card processors have financial risk associated with tickets purchased for travel which can occur several weeks after the purchase. Our credit card processing agreements provide for reserves to be deposited with the processor in certain circumstances. We do not currently have reserves posted for our credit card processors. If circumstances were to occur requiring us to deposit reserves, the negative impact on our liquidity could be significant which could materially adversely affect our business. We have a significant amount of indebtedness from fixed obligations and may seek material amounts of additional financial liquidity in the short-term, and insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business. We have a significant amount of indebtedness from fixed obligations, including aircraft lease and debt financings, leases of airport property, our TrueBlue ® Financings (as defined below), secured loan facilities and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. In addition, we have substantial non-cancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft and related spare engines. In the event of a global emergency or other exigent circumstances that materially impact our business, we may be required to seek additional short-term liquidity, which may include the issuance of additional unsecured or secured debt securities, equity securities and equity-linked securities, the sale of assets, the entry into sale-leaseback transactions, as well as additional bilateral and syndicated secured and/or unsecured credit facilities, among other items. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, the airline industry, or our business, our access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be negatively affected. There can be no assurance as to the availability of any such financing if it becomes necessary, or that any such additional financing will be completed on favorable terms. Although our cash flows from operations and available capital, including the proceeds from financing transactions, have been sufficient to meet our obligations and commitments to date, our liquidity has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by the

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components were not integrated smoothly, we could experience service disruptions, which could result in the loss of important data, increase our expenses, decrease our revenues and generally harm our business, reputation, and brand. Furthermore, our automated systems cannot be completely protected against events beyond our control, including natural disasters, computer viruses, cyberattacks, other security breaches, or telecommunications failures. Substantial or sustained system failures could impact customer service and result in our customers purchasing tickets from other airlines. We have implemented security measures, and change control procedures and have disaster recovery plans. We also require our third-party providers to have disaster recovery plans; however, we cannot assure you these measures are adequate to prevent disruptions, which, if they were to occur, could result in the loss of important data, increase our expenses, decrease our revenues, and generally harm our business, reputation, and brand. Data Privacy and Security Compliance Risks Data security compliance requirements could increase our costs, and any significant data breach could disrupt our operations and harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to increasing legislative, regulatory, and customer focus on privacy issues and data security. Our business requires the appropriate and secure utilization of customer, crewmember, business partner, and other sensitive information. We cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities (including cyberattacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, and the like), discovery of new vulnerabilities or attempts to exploit existing vulnerabilities in our systems, other data thefts, physical system or network break-ins or inappropriate access, or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting the networks that access and store sensitive information. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has increased as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Furthermore, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data security in the U.S. and abroad, including requirements for varying levels of customer notification in the event of a data breach. Federal and state regulations in the cybersecurity and privacy area continue to develop and evolve, including laws in jurisdictions such as California that provide for potential statutory damages in certain types of data breaches. International regulations add complexity as we expand our services and include more passengers from other countries. Many of our commercial business partners, including credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that we must meet. In particular, we are required by the PCI DSS Council, founded by the credit card companies, to comply with their highest level of data security standards. We are also subject to evolving laws and rules regarding the reporting and disclosure of cybersecurity incidents, which may increase our compliance obligations or costs. A significant data security breach or our failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data security regulations or other data security standards may expose us to litigation, claims for contract breach, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation, and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The costs to remediate breaches and similar system compromises that do occur could be material. In addition, as cyber crimes become more frequent, intense, and sophisticated, the costs of proactive defensive measures may increase. Failure to address these issues appropriately could also give rise to additional legal risks, which, in turn, could increase 25 Table of Contents the size and number of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, and cause us to incur further related costs and expenses. Compliance with ever-evolving federal, state, and foreign laws and other requirements relating to the handling of information about individuals necessitates significant expenditure and resources, and any failure by us or our business partners to comply may result in significant liability, negative publicity, and/or an erosion of trust, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In connection with running our business, we receive, store, use and otherwise process information that relates to individuals and/or constitutes "personal data," "personal information," "personally identifiable information," or similar terms under applicable data privacy laws (collectively, "Personal Information"), including from and about actual customers, as well as our crewmembers, and business contacts. We also depend on business partners in relation to the operation of our business, a number of which process Personal Information on our behalf. We and our business partners are subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign data privacy laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and other requirements, including those that apply generally to the handling of Personal Information, and those that are specific to certain industries, sectors, contexts, or locations. These requirements, and their application, interpretation and amendment are constantly evolving. It is also possible that new laws, regulations and other requirements, or amendments to or changes in interpretations of existing laws, regulations and other requirements, may require us to incur significant costs, implement new processes, or change our handling of information and business operations, which could hinder our ability to grow our business by extracting value from our data assets. In recent years, certain states have adopted or modified data privacy and security laws and regulations that may apply to our business. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") requires businesses that process personal information of California residents to, among other things: provide certain disclosures to California residents regarding the business's collection, use, and disclosure of their personal information; receive and respond to requests from California residents to access, delete, and correct their personal information, or to opt-out of certain disclosures of their personal information; and enter into specific contractual provisions with service providers that process California residents' personal information on the business's behalf. The enactment of the CCPA is prompting a wave of similar legislative developments in other states in the United States, which creates a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws. These laws are in some cases relatively new and the interpretation and application of these laws are uncertain. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and other requirements could result in proceedings or actions against us by individuals, consumer rights groups, government agencies, or others. We could incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay significant damages or fines or be required to make changes to our business. Further, these proceedings and any subsequent adverse outcomes may subject us to significant negative publicity and an erosion of trust. If any of these events were to occur, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Human Capital Related Risks If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel or fail to maintain our company culture, our business could be harmed. We compete against other major U.S. airlines for pilots, mechanics, and other skilled labor; some of them offer wage and benefit packages exceeding ours. As more pilots in the industry approach mandatory retirement age, the U.S. airline industry has been affected by a pilot shortage, which may worsen over time. At times, we have been required to increase wages and benefits in order to attract and retain qualified personnel, and we may be required to commit to further increases in the future or risk considerable crewmember turnover. If we are unable to attract, train, and retain qualified crewmembers of all backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets, our business could be harmed and we may be unable to implement our growth plans. However, negative perception of our crewmember talent initiatives, whether due to our perceived over- or under- pursuit of such initiatives, may likewise result in issues retaining qualified employees, as well as potential litigation or other adverse impacts. In addition, our business may be harmed if we lose too many individuals with institutional knowledge. We believe one of our competitive strengths is our service-oriented company culture, which emphasizes friendly, helpful, qualified, team-oriented, and customer-focused crewmembers. Our company culture is important to providing high quality customer service and having a productive workforce in order to help keep our costs low. As we experience turnover, we may be unable to identify, hire, or retain enough people who demonstrate the values of our company culture, including those in management or other key positions. If we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed. 26 Table of Contents We may be subject to further unionization, work stoppages, slowdowns or increased labor costs, and the unionization of our pilots, flight instructors and inflight crewmembers have and could continue to result in increased labor costs. Our business is labor intensive and the unionization of any of our crewmembers could result in demands that may increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Any of the different crafts or classes of our crewmembers could unionize at any time, which would require us to negotiate in good faith with the crewmember group's certified representative concerning a collective bargaining agreement. In addition, we may be subject to disruptions by unions protesting the non-union status of our other crewmembers. Any of these events would be disruptive to our operations and could harm our business. In general, unionization has increased costs in the airline industry. In 2014, our pilots voted to be represented by the ALPA, and our first collective bargaining agreement was ratified by the pilots and became effective on August 1, 2018. In February 2025, the contract became amendable. Contract negotiations formally began early in May 2024 and are ongoing. In April 2018, JetBlue inflight crewmembers elected to be represented by TWU. In December 2021, our inflight crewmembers ratified our first collective bargaining agreement with TWU, which is a five-year, renewable contract effective December 13, 2021. The option for TWU to initiate negotiations began on January 1, 2025 and is ongoing until the contract amendable date of December 13, 2026. On July 14, 2022, TWU filed a representation application with the NMB seeking an election among the 35 pilot instructors ("Flight Instructors"). The Flight Instructors voted for TWU representation. Contract negotiations for an initial CBA began in April 2024 and are ongoing. In November 2025, TWU filed a petition with the NMB seeking to represent the Company’s dispatchers, air traffic system controllers, and system controllers. The NMB has authorized an election which will run from January 15, 2026 through February 26, 2026. The vote is scheduled to be counted on or around February 26, 2026. Reputational Risks Our reputation and financial results could be harmed in the event of an accident or incident involving our aircraft. An accident or incident involving one of our aircraft could involve significant potential claims of injured passengers or others in addition to repair or replacement of a damaged aircraft and its consequential temporary or permanent loss from service. We are required by the DOT to carry liability insurance. Although we believe we currently maintain liability insurance in amounts and of the type generally consistent with industry practice, the amount of such coverage may not be adequate and we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident or incident. Substantial claims resulting from an accident or incident in excess of our related insurance coverage would harm our business and financial results. Moreover, any aircraft accident or incident, even if fully covered by our existing insurance, could cause a public perception that we are less safe or reliable than other airlines which would harm our business. We have been, and may from time to time be, impacted by events that do not affect the safe operation of the aircraft, such as issues involving onboard conditions or aircraft systems, which could nevertheless result in adverse publicity, customer or crewmember complaints, regulatory scrutiny, claims or litigation, or reputational harm. Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of the JetBlue brand. The JetBlue brand name symbolizes our values of high-quality, friendly customer service, innovation, fun, and a pleasant travel experience. JetBlue is a widely recognized and respected global brand; the JetBlue brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. The JetBlue brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity, whether or not justified, relating to activities by our crewmembers, contractors, or agents could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Increasingly, the perception our customers and other stakeholders have about how we address the risks and opportunities we face related to hiring and retention initiatives and climate change engagement, our role in the communities in which we operate, our relationship with our crewmembers, and other considerations may impact our reputation. Furthermore, increased usage of social media platforms presents increased risks to our reputation and our business. We may suffer damage to our reputation as a result of negative or inaccurate posts or comments about JetBlue on social media platforms, including related delays or cancellations on our flights even when these are due to weather or other circumstances that are outside of our control. In addition, inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of our social media platforms by our crewmembers or others associated with us may damage our reputation, and could lead to legal implications in the event that information is improperly collected and/or disseminated, or non-public sensitive information related to JetBlue or others is disclosed. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. 27 Table of Contents Financing and Financial Risks We have a significant amount of fixed obligations and we expect to incur significantly more fixed obligations in the future, which could harm our ability to service our current obligations or satisfy future fixed obligations. As of December 31, 2025, our debt and finance lease obligations, including interest were approximately $11.5 billion. In addition, we have a significant amount of other fixed obligations under operating leases related to our aircraft, airport terminal space, airport hangars, other facilities, and office space. As of December 31, 2025, future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases and other financing obligations were approximately $3.3 billion. As of December 31, 2025, we had commitments of approximately $5.7 billion to purchase 86 additional aircraft and related flight equipment through 2033, including estimated amounts for contractual price escalations and pre-delivery deposits. We may incur additional debt and other fixed obligations as we take delivery of new aircraft or finance unencumbered aircraft in our fleet and other equipment and continue to expand into new or existing markets. In an effort to limit the incurrence of significant additional debt, we may seek to defer some of our scheduled deliveries, sell or lease aircraft to others, or pay cash for new aircraft, to the extent necessary or possible. The amount of our existing debt, and other fixed obligations, and potential increases in the amount of our debt and other fixed obligations could have important consequences to investors and could require a substantial portion of cash flows from operations for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. Our level of debt and other fixed obligations could: • impact our ability to obtain additional financing to support capital expansion plans, including our JetForward strategy and for working capital and other purposes on acceptable terms or at all; • divert substantial cash flow from our operations, execution of our commercial initiatives, and expansion plans in order to service our fixed obligations; • require us to incur more interest expense than we currently do if rates were to increase, since approximately 22% of our debt has floating interest rates; • place us at a possible competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged competitors and competitors with better access to capital resources or more favorable financing terms; and • lead to rating agency downgrades which in turn could impact our ability to raise capital at attractive terms. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other fixed obligations will depend on our future operating performance and cash flows, which in turn will depend on prevailing economic and political conditions and financial, competitive, regulatory, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We are principally dependent upon our operating cash flows and access to the capital markets to fund our operations and to make scheduled payments on debt and other fixed obligations. We cannot assure that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations or from capital market activities to pay our debt and other fixed obligations as they become due. If we fail to do so, our business could be harmed. If we are unable to make payments on our debt and other fixed obligations, we could be forced to renegotiate those obligations or seek to obtain additional equity or other forms of additional financing. Agreements governing our debt include financial and other covenants. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default. Our debt agreements contain various affirmative, negative and financial covenants and complying with certain of these covenants, or entering into agreements with additional covenants, may restrict our ability to execute our strategies, including JetForward, or otherwise constrain our operations. If we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result, which could lead to, among other things, an acceleration of outstanding obligations under such agreements. In addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under one financing agreement could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. The acceleration of significant amounts of debt could require us to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under our financing arrangements, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We typically finance our aircraft through either secured debt, lease financing, or through cash from operations. The impact on financial institutions from global economic conditions may adversely affect the availability and cost of credit to JetBlue as well as to prospective purchasers of our aircraft should we undertake to sell in the future, including financing commitments we have already obtained for purchases of new aircraft or financing or refinancing of existing aircraft. To the extent we finance our activities with additional debt, we may become subject to financial and other covenants that may restrict our ability to pursue our strategies, including JetForward, or otherwise constrain our operations. 28 Table of Contents Our liquidity could be adversely impacted in the event one or more of our credit card processors were to impose material reserve requirements for payments due to us from credit card transactions. We currently have agreements with organizations that process credit card transactions arising from purchases of air travel tickets by our customers. Credit card processors have financial risk associated with tickets purchased for travel which can occur several weeks after the purchase. Our credit card processing agreements provide for reserves to be deposited with the processor in certain circumstances. We do not currently have reserves posted for our credit card processors. If circumstances were to occur requiring us to deposit reserves, the negative impact on our liquidity could be significant which could materially adversely affect our business. We have a significant amount of indebtedness from fixed obligations and may seek material amounts of additional financial liquidity in the short-term, and insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business. We have a significant amount of indebtedness from fixed obligations, including aircraft lease and debt financings, leases of airport property, our TrueBlue ® Financings (as defined below), secured loan facilities and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. In addition, we have substantial non-cancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft and related spare engines. In the event of a global emergency or other exigent circumstances that materially impact our business, we may be required to seek additional short-term liquidity, which may include the issuance of additional unsecured or secured debt securities, equity securities and equity-linked securities, the sale of assets, the entry into sale-leaseback transactions, as well as additional bilateral and syndicated secured and/or unsecured credit facilities, among other items. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, the airline industry, or our business, our access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be negatively affected. There can be no assurance as to the availability of any such financing if it becomes necessary, or that any such additional financing will be completed on favorable terms. Although our cash flows from operations and available capital, including the proceeds from financing transactions, have been sufficient to meet our obligations and commitments to date, our liquidity has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by the

