TICKER: JVA
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain weaknesses, instability in the geopolitical environment as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and
the resulting prolonged conflict and other political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns. Such challenges have caused, and
may continue to cause, uncertainty and instability in local economies and in global financial markets. If
we are unable to geographically expand our branded and private label products, our growth will be impeded which could result in reduced
sales and profitability. Our
business strategy emphasizes, among other things, the geographic expansion of our branded and private label products as opportunities
arise. We may not be able to implement successfully this portion of our business strategy. Our ability to implement this portion of our
business strategy is dependent on our ability to: ● market
                                            our products on a national scale; ● increase
                                            our brand recognition on a national scale; ● enter
                                            into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third party retailers; and ● manage
                                            growth in administrative overhead and distribution costs likely to result from the planned
                                            expansion of our distribution channels. Our
sales and profitability may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully expand the geographic distribution of our branded and private
label products. In addition, our expenses could increase and our profits could decrease as we implement our growth strategy. 9 If
our hedging policy is not effective, we may not be able to control our coffee costs, we may be forced to pay greater than market value
for green coffee and our profitability may be reduced. The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. We have
used and expect to continue to use to a lesser extent short-term coffee futures and options contracts for the purpose of hedging the
effects of changing green coffee prices. In addition, we have acquired and expect to continue to acquire to a lesser extent futures contracts
with longer terms, generally three to four months, for the purpose of guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized
gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our
cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts increase our cost of sales. The
use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices. However, no strategy
can entirely eliminate pricing risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly
in a short period of time, and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties
in any one of our physical contracts. Historically, we generally have been able to pass green coffee price increases through to customers,
thereby maintaining our gross profits, however, we may not be able to pass price increases through to our customers in the future. Failure
to properly design and implement an effective hedging strategy may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If
the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset the risks of coffee bean price volatility or our hedging results in losses, our cost
of sales may increase, resulting in a decrease in profitability or an increase in losses. Although we have had net gains on options and
futures contracts in the past, we have incurred losses on options and futures contracts during some reporting periods. In these cases,
our cost of sales has increased, resulting in a decrease in our profitability or an increase in losses. Such losses have and could in
the future materially increase our cost of sales and materially decrease our profitability or increase losses and adversely affect our
stock price. Any
inability to successfully implement our strategy of growth through selective acquisitions, licensing arrangements and other strategic
alliances, including joint ventures, could materially affect our revenues and profitability. Part
of our growth strategy utilizes the selective acquisition of coffee companies, the selective acquisition or licensing of additional coffee
brands and other strategic alliances including joint ventures, presents risks that could result in increased expenditures and could materially
adversely affect our revenues and profitability, including: ● such
                                            acquisitions, licensing arrangements or other strategic alliances may divert our management’s
                                            attention from our existing operations; ● we
                                            may not be able to successfully integrate any acquired coffee companies or new coffee brands
                                            into our existing business; ● we
                                            may not be able to manage the contingent risks associated with the past operations of, and
                                            other unanticipated problems arising in, any acquired coffee company; and ● we
                                            may not be able to control unanticipated costs associated with such acquisitions, licensing
                                            arrangements or strategic alliances. In
addition, any such acquisitions, licensing arrangements or strategic alliances may result in: ● potentially
                                            dilutive issuances of our equity securities; ● the
                                            incurrence of additional debt; ● restructuring
                                            charges; and ● the
                                            recognition of significant charges for depreciation and amortization related to intangible
                                            assets. As
has been our practice in the past, we will continuously evaluate any such acquisitions, licensing opportunities or strategic alliances
as they arise. However, we have not reached any new agreements or arrangements with respect to any such acquisition, licensing opportunity
or strategic alliance (other than those described herein) at this time and we may not be able to consummate any acquisitions, licensing
arrangements or strategic alliances on terms favorable to us or at all. The failure to consummate any such acquisitions, licensing arrangements
or strategic alliances may reduce our growth and expansion. In addition, if these acquisitions, licensing opportunities or strategic
alliances are not successful, our earnings could be materially adversely affected by increased expenses and decreased revenues. 10 Our
revenues and profitability could be adversely affected if our joint ventures or acquisitions are not successful. We
have historically utilized joint ventures and acquisitions to grow our business and we intend to continue to seek opportunities for new
joint ventures and acquisitions that will be complimentary to our business. While we believe that our joint ventures will be successful,
losses in our joint ventures or any future joint ventures would hurt our profitability. In addition, we generally will not be in a position
to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding our joint ventures. Investments in joint ventures may, under certain circumstances,
involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that joint venture partners might become bankrupt
or fail to fund their share of the required capital contributions. Joint venture partners may also have business interests, strategies
or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests, strategies or goals and may be, in cases where we have a minority interest,
in a position to take actions contrary to our policies, strategies or objectives. Any disputes that may arise between us and our joint
venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and could prevent our officers and/or directors
from focusing their time and effort exclusively on our business strategies. In addition, we may, in certain circumstances, be liable
for the actions of our third-party joint venture partners. Acquisitions
including strategic investments or alliances entail numerous risks, which may include: ● difficulties
                                            in integrating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from,
                                            or customers of, acquired businesses; ● diversion
                                            of management’s attention from our existing businesses; ● adverse
                                            effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; ● adverse
                                            impacts of margin and product cost structures different from those of our current mix of
                                            business; and ● risks
                                            of entering distribution channels, categories or markets in which we have limited or no prior
                                            experience. Our
failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, and any adverse consequences associated with our acquisition
activities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. The
loss of any of our key customers, could negatively affect our revenues and decrease our earnings. We
had one customer that accounted for greater than 10% of our net sales during each of the 2025 and 2024 fiscal years, and such customer
was the same in both periods. We generally do not enter long-term contracts with most of our customers. Accordingly, some of our customers
can stop purchasing our products at any time without penalty and are free to purchase products from our competitors. The loss of, or
reduction in sales to any of our customers to which we sell a significant amount of our products or any material adverse change in the
financial condition of such customers would negatively affect our revenues and decrease our earnings. If
we lose our key personnel, including Andrew Gordon and David Gordon, our revenues and profitability could suffer. Our
success depends to a large degree upon the services of Andrew Gordon, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer, and David Gordon, our Executive Vice President – Operations and Secretary. We also depend to a large degree on the
expertise of our coffee roasters. We do not have employment contracts with our coffee roasters. Our ability to source and purchase a
sufficient supply of high quality coffee beans and to roast coffee beans consistent with our quality standards could suffer if we lose
the services of any of these individuals. As a result, our business and operating results would be adversely affected. We may not be
successful in obtaining and retaining a replacement for either Andrew Gordon or David Gordon if they elect to stop working for us. In
addition, we do not have key-person insurance on the lives of Andrew Gordon or David Gordon. 11 Our
indebtedness may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional funds and may increase our vulnerability to economic or business downturns. From
time to time, we utilize borrowings under our credit facility in connection with operations. All amounts under this line of credit will
become due on June 28, 2026. There is no assurance that it will be renewed. Outstanding debt could have significant negative consequences
to the holders of our securities, including the following: ● a
                                            portion of our cash flow from operations will be needed to pay debt service and will not
                                            be available to fund future operations; ● having
                                            increased vulnerability to adverse general economic and coffee industry conditions; ● we
                                            may be vulnerable to higher interest rates because interest expense on borrowings under our
                                            revolving line of credit is based on variable rates; and ● we
                                            may be subject to covenants that could restrict our operations. Our
ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund our operations depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our future
operating performance is subject to market conditions and business factors that are beyond our control. If we are unable to make payments
on our debt, we may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our
debt. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to extend our line of credit or complete any financing transaction in a timely manner or on
acceptable terms or otherwise. If we are not successful to extend our line of credit or to raise additional cash, we may be forced to
suspend or curtail planned programs or cease operations altogether. If
we fail to promote, enhance and maintain our brands, the value of our brands could decrease and our revenues and profitability could
be adversely affected. We
believe that promoting and enhancing our brands is critical to our success. If our brand-building strategy is unsuccessful, these expenses
may never be recovered, and we may be unable to increase awareness of our brands or protect the value of our brands. If we are unable
to achieve these goals, our revenues and ability to implement our business strategy could be adversely affected. Our
success in promoting and enhancing our brands will also depend on our ability to provide customers with high quality products and service.
Although we take measures to ensure that we sell only fresh roasted coffee, we have no control over our roasted coffee products once
they are purchased by our customers. Accordingly, wholesale customers may store our coffee for longer periods of time or resell our coffee
without our consent, in each case, potentially affecting the quality of the coffee prepared from our products. Although we believe we
are less susceptible to quality control problems than many of our competitors because our products are processed in-house under strict
quality control guidelines which have been in place for more than 40 years, if consumers do not perceive our products and service to
be of high quality, then the value of our brands may be diminished and, consequently, our operating results and ability to implement
our business strategy may be adversely affected. Our
roasting methods are not proprietary, so competitors may be able to duplicate them, which could harm our competitive position. If our
competitive position is weakened, our revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. We
consider our roasting methods essential to the flavor and richness of our roasted coffee and, therefore, essential to our brands of coffee.
Because we do not hold any patents for our roasting methods, it may be difficult for us to prevent competitors from copying our roasting
methods if such methods become known. If our competitors copy our roasting methods, the value of our coffee brands may be diminished,
and we may lose customers to our competitors. In addition, competitors may be able to develop roasting methods that are more advanced
than our roasting methods, which may also harm our competitive position. 12 The
success of our brand also depends in part on our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks,
trade secrets and similar rights to protect our intellectual property. The success of our growth strategy depends on our continued ability
to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our brand in both domestic
and international markets. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate, or if any third party misappropriates
or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We may become engaged in litigation to protect our intellectual property, which could result in substantial costs to us as well as diversion
of management attention. Since
we rely heavily on common carriers to ship our coffee on a daily basis, any disruption in their services or increase in shipping costs
could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, which could result in reduced revenues, increased operating expenses, a loss
of customers or reduced profitability. We
rely on a number of common carriers to deliver coffee to our customers and to deliver coffee beans to us. We have no control over these
common carriers and the services provided by them may be interrupted as a result of labor shortages, contract disputes and other factors.
If we experience an interruption in these services, we may be unable to ship our coffee in a timely manner, which could reduce our revenues
and adversely affect our relationship with our customers. In addition, a delay in shipping could require us to contract with alternative,
and possibly more expensive, common carriers and could cause orders to be cancelled or receipt of goods to be refused. Any significant
increase in shipping costs could lower our profit margins or force us to raise prices, which could cause our revenue and profits to suffer. If
there was a significant interruption in the operation of our Colorado or New York facilities, we may not have the capacity to service
all of our customers and we may not be able to service our customers in a timely manner, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. We
are dependent on the continued operations of our Colorado and New York coffee roasting and distribution facilities. Our operations depend
on our ability to maintain our computer and telecommunications equipment in effective working order and to protect against damage from
fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure or similar events. In addition, growth of our customer base may strain
or exceed the capacity of our systems and lead to degradations in performance or systems failure. Although we continually review and
consider upgrades to our order fulfillment infrastructure and provide for system redundancies to limit the likelihood of systems overload
or failure, substantial damage to our systems or a systems failure that causes interruptions for a number of days could adversely affect
our business. Additionally, if we are unsuccessful in updating and expanding our order fulfillment infrastructure, our ability to grow
may be constrained. As a result, our revenues and earnings could be materially adversely affected. There
may be limitations on the effectiveness of our internal controls, and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud may
materially harm our company. We
are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by our management on, among other things, the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management
in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Effective
internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable and timely financial reports and, together with adequate
disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to reasonably detect and prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Undetected material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the
expense of remediation. 13 Moreover,
we do not expect that disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s
objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure of our control
systems to detect or prevent error or fraud could materially adversely impact us. The
failure of our suppliers or customers to adhere to the quality standards that we set for our products could lead to investigations, litigation,
write-offs, recalls or boycotts of our products, which could damage our reputation and our brand, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely
affect our business. Unfavorable allegations, government investigations and legal actions surrounding our products and/or our business
could harm our reputation, impair our ability to grow or sustain our business, and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. We
do not control the operations of our suppliers or customers, and we cannot guarantee that our suppliers or customers will comply with
applicable laws and regulations or operate in a legal, ethical and responsible manner. Additionally, it is possible that we may not be
able to identify noncompliance by our suppliers or customers notwithstanding any precautionary measures we implement. Violation of applicable
laws and regulations by our suppliers or customers, or their failure to operate in a legal, ethical or responsible manner, could expose
us to legal risks, cause us to violate laws and regulations and reduce demand for our products if, as a result of such violation or failure,
we attract negative publicity. In addition, the failure of our suppliers and customers to adhere to the quality standards that we set
for our products could lead to government investigations, litigation, write-offs and recalls, which could damage our reputation and our
brand, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely affect our business. We
rely on our reputation for offering great value, superior service and a broad assortment of high-quality, safe products. If we become
subject to unfavorable allegations, government investigations or legal actions involving our products or us, such circumstances could
harm our reputation and our brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. If this negative impact
is significant, our ability to grow or sustain our business could be jeopardized. Negative
publicity surrounding product matters, including publicity about other retailers, may harm our reputation and affect the demand for our
products. In addition, if more stringent laws or regulations are adopted in the future, we may have difficulty complying with the new
requirements imposed by such laws and regulations, and in turn, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely
affected. Moreover, regardless of whether any such changes are adopted, we may become subject to claims or governmental investigations
alleging violations of applicable laws and regulations. Any such matter may subject us to fines, penalties, and/or litigation. Any one
of these results could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results and impair our ability to grow or sustain
our business. Risks
Related to the Coffee Industry Increases
in the cost of high quality Arabica or Robusta coffee beans could reduce our gross margin and profit. Green
coffee is our largest single cost of sales. Coffee is a traded commodity and, in general, its price can fluctuate depending on: ● outside
                                            speculative influences such as indexed and algorithmic commodity funds; ● weather
                                            patterns in coffee-producing countries; ● economic
                                            and political conditions affecting coffee-producing countries, including acts of terrorism
                                            in such countries; ● foreign
                                            currency fluctuations; ● disruptions
                                            in our supply chain; and ● trade
                                            regulations and restrictions (like tariffs) between coffee-producing countries and the United
                                            States. 14 If
the cost of wholesale green coffee increases due to any of these factors, our margins could decrease and our profitability could suffer
accordingly. It is expected that coffee prices will remain volatile in the coming years. Although we have historically attempted to raise
the selling prices of our products in response to increases in the price of wholesale green coffee, when wholesale green coffee prices
increase rapidly or to significantly higher than normal levels, we are not always able to pass the price increases through to our customers
on a timely basis, if at all, which adversely affects our operating margins and cash flow. We may not be able to recover any future increases
in the cost of wholesale green coffee. Even if we are able to recover future increases, our operating margins and results of operations
may still be materially and adversely affected by time delays in the implementation of price increases. Uncertainty
over global tariffs, or the financial impact of tariffs, may negatively affect our results. Our
business is impacted by international or cross-border trade, including the import and export of products and goods into and out of the
United States and trade tensions among nations. For example, U.S. domestic and global tariff frameworks have increased our costs of producing
goods and resulted in additional risks to our supply chain. More tariff changes are also possible. We have developed strategies to mitigate,
in part, previously implemented and, in some cases, proposed tariff increases, but there is no assurance we will be able to continue
to mitigate the materially adverse impact of tariff increases on our financial and operating results. Further, uncertainties about future
tariff changes could result in mitigation actions undertaken by us that could prove to be detrimental to our business and our relationships
with our customers and suppliers. The scope of the tariffs and the rates at which they are implemented may continue to fluctuate and
change in an unpredictable manner that further complicates our ability to implement mitigation actions. Disruptions
in the supply of green coffee could result in a deterioration of our relationship with our customers, decreased revenues or could impair
our ability to grow our business. Green
coffee is a commodity and its supply is subject to volatility beyond our control. Supply is affected by many factors in the coffee growing
countries including weather, pest damage, economic conditions, acts of terrorism, as well as efforts by coffee growers to expand or form
cartels or associations. In addition, the political situation in many of the Arabica coffee growing regions, including Africa, Indonesia,
and Central and South America, can be unstable, and such instability could affect our ability to purchase coffee from those regions.
If Arabica coffee beans from a region become unavailable or prohibitively expensive, we could be forced to discontinue particular coffee
types and blends or substitute coffee beans from other regions in our blends. Frequent substitutions and changes in our coffee product
lines could lead to cost increases, customer alienation and fluctuations in our gross margins. Some
of the Arabica coffee beans of the quality we purchase do not trade directly on the commodity markets. Rather, we purchase the high-end
Arabica coffee beans that we use on a negotiated basis. We depend on our relationships with coffee brokers, exporters and growers for
the supply of our primary raw material, high quality Arabica coffee beans. If any of our relationships with coffee brokers, exporters
or growers deteriorate, we may be unable to procure a sufficient quantity of high quality coffee beans at prices acceptable to us or
at all. In such case, we may not be able to fulfill the demand of our existing customers, supply new retail stores or expand other channels
of distribution. A raw material shortage could result in a deterioration of our relationship with our customers, decreased revenues or
could impair our ability to expand our business. Increases
in shipping costs, long lead times, supply shortages, and supply changes could disrupt our supply chain and factors such as wage rate
increases and inflation can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We
may experience supply delays and shortages due to a variety of macroeconomic factors, including disruptions on the global supply chain.
We have been able to make alternative delivery arrangements for limited quantities of goods, at increased cost. 15 While
we have not yet experienced material shortages in supply as a result of these disruptions and our alternative delivery arrangements,
if they were to be prolonged or expanded in scope, there could be resulting supply shortages that could impact our ability to deliver
our products to our customers. Accordingly, such supply shortages and delivery limitations could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Furthermore,
increases in compensation, wage pressure, and other expenses for our employees and the employees of our suppliers, may adversely affect
our profitability. These cost increases may be the result of inflationary pressures that could further reduce our sales or profitability.
Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy prices and lease and utility costs, may increase our cost of products
sold or selling, general, and administrative expenses. Our competitive price model and pricing pressures in the industry may inhibit
our ability to reflect these increased costs in the prices of our products, in which case such increased costs could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Increased
severe weather patterns may increase commodity costs, damage our facilities and disrupt our production capabilities and supply chain. There
is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other
greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have caused and will continue to cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and
an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events. Major weather phenomena are dramatically affecting coffee growing
countries. The wet and dry seasons are becoming unpredictable in timing and duration, causing improper development of the coffee cherries.
Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions as a result of changing weather patterns may affect the quality, limit the availability
or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, which are important ingredients for our business. Increased frequency or duration
of extreme weather conditions could damage our facilities, impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand
for our products. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The
coffee industry is highly competitive and if we cannot compete successfully, we may lose our customers or experience reduced sales and
profitability. The
coffee markets in which we do business are highly competitive and competition in these markets could become increasingly more intense
due to the increasing popularity and growth of the coffee industry. The industry in which we compete is particularly sensitive to price
pressure, as well as quality, reputation and viability for wholesale and brand loyalty for retail. To the extent that one or more of
our competitors becomes more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain customers could
be materially adversely affected. Our private label and branded coffee products compete with other manufacturers of private label coffee
and branded coffees. These competitors, such as Kraft Foods, Inc. (owner of the Maxwell House brand), and J.M. Smucker Co. (owner of
the Folgers and Café Bustelo brands), have much greater financial, marketing, distribution, management and other resources than
we do for marketing, promotions and geographic and market expansion. In addition, there are a growing number of specialty coffee companies
who provide specialty green coffee and roasted coffee for retail sale. If we are unable to compete successfully against existing and
new competitors, we may lose our customers or experience reduced sales and profitability. Besides
coffee, we face exposure to other commodity cost fluctuations, which could impair our profitability. In
addition to the increase in coffee costs, we are exposed to cost fluctuation in other commodities, including, in particular, steel, natural
gas and gasoline. In addition, an increase in the cost of fuel could indirectly lead to higher electricity costs, transportation costs
and other commodity costs. Much like coffee costs, the costs of these commodities depend on various factors beyond our control, including
economic and political conditions, foreign currency fluctuations, and global weather patterns. To the extent we are unable to pass along
such costs to our customers through price increases, our margins and profitability will decrease. 16 Adverse
public or medical opinion about caffeine may harm our business. Coffee
contains caffeine and other active compounds, the health effects of some of which are not fully understood. A number of research studies
conclude or suggest that excessive consumption of caffeine may lead to increased heart rate, nausea and vomiting, restlessness and anxiety,
depression, headaches, tremors, sleeplessness and other adverse health effects. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine
or other compounds present in coffee could significantly reduce the demand for coffee, which could harm our business and reduce our sales
and profits. In addition, we could become subject to litigation relating to the existence of such compounds in our coffee; litigation
that could be costly and could divert management attention. Risks
Related to our Common Stock Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our results of operations difficult to predict and could cause our results
of operations to fall short of expectations. Our
operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside
of our control. These fluctuations could be caused by a number of factors including: ● fluctuations
                                            in purchase prices and supply of green coffee; ● fluctuations
                                            in the selling prices of our products; ● the
                                            level of marketing and pricing competition from existing or new competitors in the coffee
                                            industry; ● the
                                            success of our hedging strategy; ● our
                                            ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers; and ● our
                                            ability to manage inventory and fulfillment operations and maintain gross margins. As
a result of the foregoing, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not necessarily be meaningful and those comparisons
should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Accordingly, our operating results in future quarters may be below market
expectations. In this event, the price of our common stock may decline. The
Gordon family has the ability to influence action requiring stockholder approval. Members
of the Gordon family, including Andrew Gordon, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and David
Gordon, our Executive Vice President and Secretary, own, in the aggregate, approximately 23.1% of our outstanding shares of common stock.
As a result, the Gordon family is able to influence the actions that require stockholder approval, including: ● the
                                            election of our directors; ● the
                                            amendment of our charter documents; and ● the
                                            approval of mergers, sales of assets or other corporate transactions or matters submitted
                                            for stockholder approval. As
a result, our other stockholders may have reduced influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval. In addition, the Gordon
family’s influence could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us and consequently materially adversely affect the price of our
common stock. The
market price of our common stock has been volatile over the year and may continue to be volatile. The
market price and trading volume of our common stock has been volatile over the past year, and it may continue to be volatile. Over the
past fiscal year, our common stock has traded as low as $2.75 and as high as $9.93 per share. We cannot predict the price at which our
common stock will trade in the future, and the price of our common stock may decline. The price at which our common stock trades may
fluctuate significantly and may be influenced by many factors, including our financial results, developments generally affecting the
coffee industry, general economic, industry and market conditions, the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock, fluctuations
in coffee prices, investor perceptions of our business, reports by industry analysts, negative announcements by our customers, competitors
or suppliers regarding their own performances, and the impact of other “

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Components Our
compensation program for Named Executive Officers consists generally of base salary, annual bonuses and equity-based incentive compensation.
These elements are intended to provide an overall compensation package that is commensurate with our financial resources, that is appropriate
to assure the retention of experienced management personnel, and that aligns their financial interests with those of our stockholders.
We pay our Named Executive Officers commensurate with their experience and responsibilities. Base
Salary. Each of our Named Executive Officers receives a base salary to compensate him for services performed during the year. The
base salaries of our Named Executive Officers are established annually by the Board upon recommendation by the Compensation Committee.
When determining the base salary for each of our Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee considers the performance of the
Named Executive Officer, the duties of the Named Executive Officer, the experience of the Named Executive Officer in his position and
salary levels of the companies in our peer group. Salary levels are also intended to reflect our financial performance. We have entered
into employment agreements with each of the Named Executive Officers that provide for minimum annual base salaries. The Named Executive
Officers are eligible for annual increases in their base salaries as a result of company performance, individual performance and any
added responsibility since their last salary increase. Annual
Bonus. Our Named Executive Officers are eligible to receive annual cash bonuses. These bonuses are intended to reward the achievement
of corporate goals and individual performance objectives. The bonus levels are intended to be competitive with those typically paid by
the companies in our peer group and commensurate with the Named Executive Officers’ successful execution of duties and responsibilities. Equity
Compensation. At the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders approved the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan. Through the
2013 Equity Compensation Plan, we provide our employees, including our Named Executive Officers, with equity incentives that help align
their interests with those of our stockholders by tying the value delivered to our Named Executive Officers to the value of our shares
of common stock. We also believe that stock option grants to our Named Executive Officers provide them with long-term incentives that
will aid in retaining executive talent by providing opportunities to be compensated through the Company’s performance and rewarding
executives for creating shareholder value over the long-term. As
the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan does not allow for grants to be made after the 10 anniversary of the plan, no new grants have been
permitted since February 2023 and, therefore, during the years ended October 31, 2025, and October 31, 2024 we did not grant any stock
option awards to the Named Executive Officers. 31 Implementation
for Fiscal Year 2025 For
the 2025 fiscal year, Andrew Gordon initially received a base salary of $274,000. Effective March 1, 2025, his base salary was increased
to $450,000. Andrew Gordon received an annual bonus of $9,000. David Gordon received a base salary of $265,000 and an annual bonus of
$9,000. For the 2024 fiscal year, Andrew Gordon received a base salary of $288,000 and an annual bonus of $0. David Gordon received a
base salary of $268,000 and an annual bonus of $0. Compensation
Decision-Making Policies and Procedures Decision-Making
and Policy-Making. As a Nasdaq listed company, we must observe governance standards that require executive officer compensation decisions
to be made by the independent director members of our Board or by a committee of independent directors. Consistent with these requirements,
our Board has established a Compensation Committee which is comprised entirely of independent directors. The
Compensation Committee provides advice and makes recommendations to our Board in the areas of employee salaries and benefit programs.
Compensation may consist of three components: (1) base salary; (2) bonuses; and (3) long-term incentives (e.g., deferred compensation
and fringe benefits). The
Compensation Committee generally meets at least once each year or acts by written consent. It considers the expectations of the Chief
Executive Officer with respect to his own compensation and his recommendations with respect to the compensation of more junior executive
officers, as well as empirical data on compensation practices at peer group companies. The Compensation Committee does not delegate its
duties to others. Employment
Agreements We
have entered into employment agreements with Andrew Gordon to secure his continued service as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer (the “Andrew Gordon Employment Agreement”) and with David Gordon to secure his continued
service as Executive Vice President — Operations and Secretary (the “David Gordon Employment Agreement”, and together
with the Andrew Gordon Employment Agreement, the “Employment Agreements”). These Employment Agreements have rolling five-year
terms that each began on May 6, 2005. The term of the Employment Agreements may be converted to a fixed five-year term by the decision
of our Board or the applicable executive. The Employment Agreements provide for minimum annual salaries, discretionary cash bonuses,
and participation on generally applicable terms and conditions in other compensation and fringe benefit plans for the executive. The
Employment Agreements also guarantee customary corporate indemnification and errors and omissions insurance coverage for the executives
throughout the employment term and thereafter for so long as the executives are subject to liability for such service as an executive,
to the extent permissible by the Nevada Revised Statutes. The
terms of the Employment Agreements provide that each executive will be entitled to severance benefits if his employment is terminated
without “cause” or if he resigns for “good reason” or following a “change in control” (as such terms
will be defined in the Employment Agreements) equal to the value of the cash compensation and fringe benefits that he would have received
if he had continued working for the remaining unexpired term of the agreement. The Employment Agreements also provide the executives
with uninsured disability benefits. During the term of the Employment Agreements and, in case of discharge of such executive with “cause”
or resignation by such executive without “good reason,” for a period of one year thereafter, the executives are subject to
(1) restrictions on competition with us; and (2) restrictions on the solicitation of our customers and employees. For all periods during
and after the term of the employment agreements, the executives are subject to nondisclosure and restrictions relating to our confidential
information and trade secrets. 32 The
Employment Agreements provide that in the event an executive’s employment is terminated in connection with a change in control
under circumstances entitling him to severance benefits, and it is determined that the executive would be subject to a 20% excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code which applies to certain “excess parachute payments” (the “Excise Tax”),
we will pay the executive a “Tax Indemnity Payment” such that the net amount received by the executive after payment of such
Excise Tax, and any federal, Medicare and state and local income taxes and Excise Tax upon the Tax Indemnity Payment, will be equal to
the payments the executive would have retained had there been no Excise Tax. The effect of this provision is that we, and not the executives,
bear the financial cost of the Excise Tax. In accordance with Section 280G of the Code, we cannot claim a federal income tax deduction
for payments subject to the Excise Tax, including the Tax Indemnity Payment. Potential
Payments Upon a Change of Control Under
the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan, in the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan), the Compensation
Committee may, at the time of the grant of an award provide for, among other things, the (i) accelerating or extending the time periods
for exercising, vesting in, or realizing gain from any award, (ii) eliminating or modifying the performance or other conditions of an
award, or (iii) providing for the cash settlement of an award for an equivalent cash value, as determined by the Compensation Committee.
The Compensation Committee may, in its discretion and without the need for the consent of any recipient of an award, also take one or
more of the following actions contingent upon the occurrence of a change in control: (a) cause any or all outstanding options and stock
appreciation rights to become immediately exercisable, in whole or in part; (b) cause any other awards to become non-forfeitable, in
whole or in part; (c) cancel any option or stock appreciation right in exchange for a substitute option; (d) cancel any award of restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or performance units in exchange for a similar award of the capital stock of any successor
corporation; (e) redeem any restricted stock, restricted stock unit, performance share or performance unit for cash and/or other substitute
consideration with a value equal to the fair market value of an unrestricted share of our common stock on the date of the change in control;
(f) cancel any option or stock appreciation right in exchange for cash and/or other substitute consideration based on the value of our
common stock on the date of the change in control, and cancel any option or stock appreciation right without any payment if its exercise
price exceeds the value of our common stock on the date of the change in control; or (g) make such other modifications, adjustments or
amendments to outstanding awards as the Compensation Committee deems necessary or appropriate. To date, there have been 689,000 options
granted under the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan to the Named Executive Officers. Other
than the severance benefits described under “Employment Agreements” and the potential payments described under “Potential
Payments Upon a Change of Control” above, we do not maintain contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements that provide for payments
to the Named Executive Officers at, following, or in connection with any termination of employment. Deferred
Compensation Plan for Executive Officers In
January 2005, we established the Coffee Holding Co., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Named Executive Officers. Currently,
Andrew Gordon is the only participant in the plan. Each Named Executive Officer who participates in the plan may defer receipt of all
or a portion of his annual cash compensation received from Coffee Holding. The deferred amounts are allocated to a deferral account and
credited with interest according to the investment classifications made available by the Board. The plan is an unfunded, non-qualified
plan that provides for distribution of the amounts deferred to participants or their designated beneficiaries upon the occurrence of
certain events. The amounts deferred, and related investment earnings, are held in a corporate account for the benefit of participating
Named Executive Officers until such amounts are distributed pursuant to the terms of the plan. The
deferred compensation payable represents the liability due to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The amounts were $129,646 and
$121,386 as of October 31, 2025, and October 31, 2024, respectively, and are included in Deposits and other assets in the accompanying
balance sheets. 33 Other
Compensation and Benefits Retirement
Savings, Health, and Welfare Benefits The
Company has a 401(k) Retirement Plan, which covers all the full-time employees who have completed one year of service and have reached
their 21st birthday. The Company matches 100% of the aggregate salary reduction contribution up to the first 3% of compensation and 50%
of aggregate contribution of the next 2% of compensation. Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The
following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options awarded to each of our Named Executive Officers as of October
31, 2025. Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Option exercise Option expiration Name Exercisable Unexercisable price date Andrew Gordon 349,000 (1) - $ 5.43 4/18/2029 David Gordon 281,000 (1) - $ 5.43 4/18/2029 (1)
Represents outstanding stock options granted to current or former employees and directors of the Company pursuant to its 2013 Equity
Compensation Plan. Equity
Compensation Plan Information The
following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options and rights and shares reserved for future issuance under our
existing equity compensation plans as of October 31, 2025. Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 921,000 $ 5.43 - Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders - $ - - Total 921,000 $ 5.43 - *During
the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, employees forfeited 0 and 79,000 stock options, respectively. 34 DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION Non-employee
directors receive $800 per Board meeting and committee meeting attended in person and $400 per each Board meeting and committee meeting
attended telephonically. Non-employee directors are also reimbursed for travel expenses and other out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection
with attendance at Board and committee meetings. Total
directors’ meeting and committee fees for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, were $9,600 and $13,600, respectively.
We do not compensate our employee directors for service as directors. Directors are also entitled to the protection of certain indemnification
provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned by our non-employee directors during the 2025 fiscal year. DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION TABLE Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Options (2) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Gerard DeCapua $ 3,200 $ - $ - $ 3,200 Daniel Dwyer $ - $ - $ - $ - Barry Knepper $ 3,200 $ - $ - $ 3,200 John Rotelli $ 800 $ - $ - $ 800 George F. Thomas $ 2,400 $ - $ - $ 2,400 (1)
Meeting fees earned during the fiscal year, whether such fees were paid currently or deferred. (2)
The total number of shares of common stock covered by stock options held by each non-employee director at October 31, 2025 were as follows: No. of Shares Gerard DeCapua 100 Daniel Dwyer 5,900 Barry Knepper 22,172 John Rotelli 6,548 George F. Thomas 5,000 35 ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The
following table shows the number of shares of Coffee Holding’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, beneficially owned by
(i) each person known to be the owner of 5% or more of our common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) the Named Executive Officers and (iv)
all directors and executive officers of Coffee Holding as a group, as of January 22, 2026. The percent of common stock outstanding
was based on a total of 5,708,599 shares of Coffee Holding’s common stock outstanding as of January 22, 2026. Except as otherwise
indicated, each person shown in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock listed next
to his name. The address for each person shown in the table is c/o Coffee Holding Co., Inc., 3475 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, New
York 10314, unless otherwise indicated. Name Position Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Common Stock Outstanding (%)(1) Directors and Executive Officers Andrew Gordon President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 661,750 (2) 11.6 % David Gordon Executive Vice President — Operations, Secretary and Director 655,037 (3) 11.5 % Gerard DeCapua Director 14,100 (4) * Daniel Dwyer Director 19,900 (5) * Barry Knepper Director 36,172 (6) * John Rotelli Director 20,548 (7) * George F. Thomas Director 8,600 (8) * All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 1,416,107 24.4 % 5% or More Holders Renaissance Technologies LLC 443,764 (9) 5.5 % *
Less than 1% (1)
Beneficial ownership includes shares of common stock as to which a person or group has sole or shared voting power or investment power.
Shares of common stock subject to stock options that are exercisable currently or within 60 days of January 22, 2026, are deemed outstanding
for purposes of computing the number of shares beneficially owned and percentage ownership of the person or group holding such stock
options, warrants or convertible securities, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. (2)
Includes 39,000 shares owned by Mr. A. Gordon directly, a stock option to purchase 349,000 shares held directly by Mr. A Gordon, and
273,750 shares owned indirectly by Mr. A. Gordon through A. Gordon Family Ventures LLC. (3)
Includes 374,037 shares of common stock owned by Mr. D. Gordon directly, and a stock option to purchase 281,000 shares of common stock
owned directly by Mr. D. Gordon. (4)
Includes 100 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares owned directly by Mr. DeCapua. (5)
Includes 5,900 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Dwyer. (6)
Includes 22,172 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Knepper. (7)
Includes 6,548 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Rotelli. (8)
Includes 5,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Thomas directly, an option to purchase 3,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Thomas
directly, and 600 shares owned by Mr. Thomas’ wife. (9)
Includes shares of common stock beneficially owned by Renaissance Technologies Holdings Corporation (“RTHC”) because of RTHC’s
majority ownership of Renaissance Technologies LLC (“RTC”). The principal business address of both RTHC and RTC is 800 Third
Avenue, New York, New York 10022. All information regarding RTHC is based on information disclosed in a statement on Schedule 13G/A filed
with the SEC on November 13, 2025. 36 ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The
following is a summary of transactions since November 1, 2023 and all currently proposed transactions, to which JVA has been a participant,
in which: ● The
                                            amounts exceeded or will exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of JVA’s
                                            total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and ● Any
                                            of the directors, executive officer or holders of more than 5% of our common stock, or any
                                            member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect
                                            material interest. Director
Independence See
Part III, Item 10. “Corporate Governance.” ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Fees
Billed to the Company in fiscal years 2025 and 2024 The
following table summarizes the fees for professional services rendered by CBIZ CPAs P.C. and Marcum LLP (collectively, “Auditors”),
which have been the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024,
respectively. On November 1, 2024, CBIZ CPAs P.C. acquired the non-attest business of Marcum LLP. Fiscal Year 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 403,000 265,000 Tax Fees - 40,000 All Other Fees - 50,000 Total $ 403,000 355,000 (1)
Audit fees consisted of work performed in connection with the audit of the consolidated financial statements as well as work generally
only the independent auditors can reasonably be expected to provide, such as quarterly reviews and review of our Annual Reports on Form
10-K. Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policy The
Audit Committee, or a designated member of the Audit Committee, shall preapprove all auditing services and permitted non-audit services
(including the fees and terms) to be performed for Coffee Holding by our registered independent public accountants, subject to the de
minimis exceptions for non-audit services that are approved by the Audit Committee prior to completion of the audit, provided that: (1)
the aggregate amount of all such services provided constitutes no more than five percent of the total amount of revenues paid by Coffee
Holding to its registered independent public accountant during the fiscal year in which the services are provided; (2) such services
were not recognized by Coffee Holding at the time of the engagement to be non-audit services; and (3) such services are promptly brought
to the attention of the Audit Committee and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the Audit Committee or by one or more members
of the Audit Committee who are members of the Board to whom authority to grant such approvals has been delegated by the Audit Committee.
All of the services set forth in the table above were preapproved by the Audit Committee. 37 PART
IV ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)
List of Documents filed as part of this Annual Report (1)
Financial Statements The
financial statements and related notes, together with the reports of CBIZ CPAs P.C. and “Marcum LLP” appear at pages F-1
through F-22 following the Exhibit List as required by Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of
this Form 10-K. (2)
Financial Statement Schedules None. (3)
List of Exhibits (a)
Exhibits The
Company has filed with this report or incorporated by reference herein certain exhibits as specified below. Exhibits incorporated by
reference can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Exhibit
    No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 31, 1997, by and among Transpacific International Group Corp. and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on November 10, 1997. 2.2 Asset
    Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2004, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Premier Roasters LLC (incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2004. 3.1 Amended
    and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Registration
    Statement on Form 8-A filed on May 2, 2005. 3.2 Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed on September 20, 2023). 4.1 Form
    of Stock Certificate of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2
    filed on June 24, 2004. 4.2 Description
    of Capital Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February
    9, 2024). 10.1 Trademark
    License Agreement, dated February 4, 2004, between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB/A for the quarter ended April 30, 2004 filed on August 26,
    2004. 38 10.2 First
    Amendment to Trademark License Agreement, dated January 4, 2013, by and between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co., Inc.
    Certain portions of Exhibit 10.4 were omitted based upon approval of the Company’s request for confidential treatment. The omitted portions were filed separately with the SEC on a confidential basis (incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2012 filed on January 28, 2013. 10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 11, 2008, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Andrew Gordon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2008. 10.4 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 11, 2008, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and David Gordon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2008. 10.5 Coffee
    Holding Co., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company’s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on June 14, 2005. 10.6 2013
    Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on February
    28, 2013. 10.7 Amended
    and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 25, 2017, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company
    LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on April 28, 2017). 10.8 Guaranty
    Agreement, dated April 25, 2017, made by each of Sonofresco, LLC and Comfort Foods, Inc in favor of Sterling National Bank (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017). 10.9 Loan
    Modification Agreement and Waiver, dated March 23, 2018, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company
    LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on March 27, 2018). 10.10 Form
    of Incentive Stock Option Agreement to the Company’s 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 29, 2019). 10.11 Form
    of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement to the Company’s 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 29, 2019). 10.12 Loan
    Modification Agreement and Waiver, dated March 13, 2020, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company
    LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
    10-Q filed on March 16, 2020). 10.13 Lease,
    dated September 22, 2021, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Our Two Buddies, LLC, TANJ Properties, LLC and VGM Realty Services,
    LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 (listed as Exhibit 10.6) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
    filed on January 31, 2022). 39 10.14 Loan
    Modification Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Webster
    Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 9, 2024). 10.15 Loan
    Modification Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Webster
    Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 9, 2024). 10.16 Loan
    Modification Agreement, dated June 27, 2024, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Webster
    Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2024). 10.17 Eleventh
    Loan Modification Agreement and Limited Consent, dated April 17, 2025, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading
    Company LLC and Webster Bank, National Association (incorporated herein by referent to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly
    Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 13, 2025). 10.18 Lease,
    dated November 7, 2024, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and 21 Grace Church Street Realty LLC (incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31, 2025) 10.19 Commencement
    Date Agreement, dated November 7, 2024, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and 21 Grace Church Street Realty LLC. (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31, 2025) 10.20 Secured
    Creditor Sale Agreement, dated November 6, 2024, by and between Second Empire, LLC and Bridge Business Credit, LLC. (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31, 2025) 21.1 List of Significant Subsidiaries (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31, 2025) 23.1 Consent of CBIZ CPAs P.C.* 23.2 Consent of Marcum LLP* 31.1 Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 32.1 Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer’s Certification furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.** 97 Coffee
    Holding Co., Inc. Compensation Recovery Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 97 to the Company’s Annual Report
    on Form 10-K filed on February 9, 2024). 104 Cover
    Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) *
Filed herewith **Furnished
herewith ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 40 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on January 28, 2026. COFFEE
  HOLDING CO., INC. By: /s/
  Andrew Gordon Andrew
  Gordon President,
  Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/
  Andrew Gordon President,
  Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director January
  28, 2026 Andrew
  Gordon (principal
  executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) /s/
  David Gordon Executive
  Vice President – Operations, Secretary and Director January
  28, 2026 David
  Gordon /s/
  Gerard DeCapua Director January
  28, 2026 Gerard
  DeCapua /s/
  Daniel Dwyer Director January
  28, 2026 Daniel
  Dwyer /s/
  Barry Knepper Director January
  28, 2026 Barry
  Knepper /s/
  John Rotelli Director January
  28, 2026 John
  Rotelli /s/
  George Thomas Director January
  28, 2026 George
  Thomas 41 COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PAGE FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS: REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM – CBIZ CPA’S P.C. (PCAOB Number 199 ) F-2 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM – MARCUM LLP (PCAOB Number 688 ) F-3 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 F-5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 F-6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2025 AND 20234 F-7 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-8 F- 1 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. Opinion
on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (the “Company”) as of October 31, 2025,
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the year ended October 31,
2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, based on our audit,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2025, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended October 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Basis
for Opinion These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical
Audit Matters Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ CBIZ CPAs P.C. CBIZ
CPAs P.C. We
have served as the Company’s auditor since 2013 to 2021 and subsequently reappointed in 2022 (such date takes into account the
acquisition of the attest business of Marcum LLP by CBIZ CPAs P.C. effective November 1, 2024). New
York, NY January
28, 2026 F- 2 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. Opinion
on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (the “Company”) as of October 31, 2024,
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the year ended October 31,
2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, based on our audit,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2024, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended October 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Basis
for Opinion These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum
LLP We
have served as the Company’s auditor since 2013 to 2021 and subsequently reappointed in 2022 through February 2025. New
York, NY January
31, 2025 F- 3 COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS OCTOBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 2025 2024 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents $ 701,872 $ 1,381,023 Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $ 313,000 and $ 144,000 for 2025 and 2024 12,093,251 9,367,338 Inventories 20,446,481 15,705,984 Due from broker 1,424,036 1,466,059 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 594,360 167,207 Prepaid and refundable income taxes 180,916 285,439 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 35,440,916 28,373,050 Building, machinery, and equipment, net 3,463,072 3,221,865 Customer list and relationships, net of accumulated amortization of $ 316,250 and $ 285,750 for 2025 and 2024, respectively 123,750 154,250 Trademarks and tradenames 327,000 327,000 Equity method investments 39,651 39,651 Right of use asset 2,084,175 1,166,537 Deferred income tax assets - net 229,899 592,398 Deposits and other assets 339,909 135,937 TOTAL ASSETS $ 42,048,372 $ 34,010,688 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 5,641,836 $ 5,743,899 Line of credit 6,050,000 - Due to broker 303,813 794,804 Lease liabilities - current portion 811,975 307,364 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 12,807,624 6,846,067 Lease liabilities - long term 1,530,096 865,668 Deferred compensation payable 129,646 121,386 TOTAL LIABILITIES 14,467,366 7,833,121 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) - STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY: Coffee Holding Co., Inc. stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, par value $ .001 per share; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued - $ - Common stock, par value $ .001 per share; 30,000,000 shares authorized, 6,633,930 shares issued for 2024 and 2023; 5,708,599 shares outstanding for 2025 and 2024 6,634 6,634 Additional paid in capital 19,094,618 19,094,618 Retained earnings 13,113,314 11,709,875 Less: common stock held in treasury, at cost; 925,331 shares for 2025 and 2024 ( 4,633,560 ) ( 4,633,560 ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 27,581,006 $ 26,177,567 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 42,048,372 $ 34,010,688 See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 4 COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 2025 2024 NET SALES 96,283,547 78,562,298 COST OF SALES 80,868,881 62,520,529 GROSS PROFIT $ 15,414,666 16,041,769 OPERATING EXPENSES: Selling and administrative 12,418,640 12,457,268 Officers’ salaries 843,666 620,943 TOTAL 13,262,306 13,078,211 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 2,152,360 2,963,558 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest income 20 34,430 Gain on extinguishment of lease - 210,567 Other income 10,000 99,734 Interest expense ( 241,252 ) ( 240,390 ) TOTAL ( 231,232 ) 104,341 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX 1,921,128 3,067,899 Income Tax Provision 517,689 849,885 NET INCOME 1,403,439 2,218,014 Basic and diluted income per share 0.25 0.39 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 5,708,599 5,708,599 See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 5 COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Interest Total Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Retained Non-controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Interest Total Balance October 31, 2023 5,708,599 6,634 925,331 ( 4,633,560 ) 19,094,618 9,491,861 ( 244,462 ) 23,715,091 Write off of investment in Generations - - - - - - 244,462 244,462 Net income - - - - - 2,218,014 - 2,218,014 Balance, October 31, 2024 5,708,599 6,634 925,331 ( 4,633,560 ) 19,094,618 11,709,875 - 26,177,567 Balance 5,708,599 6,634 925,331 ( 4,633,560 ) 19,094,618 11,709,875 - 26,177,567 Net income - - - - - 1,403,439 - 1,403,439 Balance, October 31, 2025 5,708,599 6,634 925,331 ( 4,633,560 ) 19,094,618 13,113,314 - 27,581,006 Balance 5,708,599 6,634 925,331 ( 4,633,560 ) 19,094,618 13,113,314 - 27,581,006 See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 6 COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 2025 2024 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income 1,403,439 2,218,014 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 699,455 610,016 Unrealized loss on commodities – net ( 448,969 ) ( 617,902 ) Loss on equity method investments - 25 Loss on impairment of ROU asset 209,986 - Gain on extinguishment of lease liability - ( 210,567 ) Amortization of right-of-use asset 785,957 315,414 Bad debt expense 197,903 - Write off in Investment in Generations - ( 99,734 ) Deferred income taxes 362,499 749,009 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ( 2,392,231 ) ( 1,384,306 ) Inventories ( 4,472,081 ) 3,280,555 Prepaid expenses and other current assets ( 427,153 ) 246,545 Prepaid and refundable income taxes 104,523 80,437 Deposits and other assets ( 203,972 ) ( 6,414 ) Accounts payable and accrued expense ( 102,063 ) 538,321 Change in lease liabilities ( 744,542 ) ( 288,202 ) Deferred compensation payable 8,260 - NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES ( 5,018,989 ) 5,431,211 INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisition of Second Empire ( 800,000 ) - Cash paid for leasehold improvements ( 718,570 ) - Purchases of building, machinery and equipment ( 191,592 ) ( 306,931 ) Proceeds from sale of investment - 3,150,000 NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES ( 1,710,162 ) 2,843,069 FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from bank line of credit 9,650,000 - Principal payments under bank line of credit ( 3,600,000 ) ( 9,620,000 ) Principal payments on note payable - ( 7,234 ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 6,050,000 ( 9,627,234 ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ( 679,151 ) ( 1,352,954 ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 1,381,023 2,733,977 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 701,872 1,381,023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW DATA: Cash paid for income taxes - 112,294 Interest paid 199,599 286,754 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Initial recognition of operating lease right-of-use asset 2,113,581 633,824 Initial recognition of operating lease liabilities 2,113,581 632,490 See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 7 NOTE
1 - BUSINESS ACTIVITIES : Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. (the “Company”) conducts wholesale coffee operations, including manufacturing, roasting, packaging, marketing
and distributing roasted and blended coffees for private labeled accounts and its own brands, and it sells green coffee. The Company
also manufactures and sells coffee roasters. The Company’s core product, coffee, can be summarized and divided into three product
categories (“product lines”) as follows: Wholesale
Green Coffee: unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop operators; Private
Label Coffee: coffee roasted, blended, packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others, including supermarkets that
want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and, Branded
Coffee: coffee roasted and blended to the Company’s own specifications and packaged and sold under the Company’s eight
proprietary and licensed brand names in different segments of the market. The
Company’s private label and branded coffee sales are primarily to customers that are located throughout the United States with
limited sales in Canada and certain countries in Asia. Such customers include supermarkets, wholesalers, and individually-owned and multi-unit
retailers. The Company’s unprocessed green coffee, which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings, is sold primarily to specialty
gourmet roasters and to coffee shop operators in the United States with limited sales in Australia and Canada. The
Company’s wholesale green, private label, and branded coffee product categories generate revenues and cost of sales individually
but incur selling, general and administrative expenses in the aggregate. There are no individual product managers and discrete financial
information is not available for any of the product lines. The Company’s product portfolio is used in one business and it operates
and competes in one business activity and economic environment. In addition, the three product lines share customers, manufacturing resources,
sales channels, and marketing support. Thus, the Company considers the three product lines to be one single reporting segment. On
September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger and Share Exchange Agreement (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among
the Company, Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (“Pubco”), Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a company
incorporated in England and Wales (“Delta”), CHC Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco
(“Merger Sub”), and each of the holders of ordinary shares of Delta as named therein. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub would merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco (the “Merger”). As a result of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of the Company’s common
stock, $ 0.001 par value per share, would be cancelled and converted for the right of the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share,
par value $ 0.0001 of Pubco. There was a shareholder vote in April 2024 on the Merger Agreement that did not pass. On June 21, 2024, the
Company terminated the Merger Agreement. No early termination penalties were payable by the Company upon termination of the Merger Agreement. Liquidity The
Company’s line of credit will become due June 28, 2026 (see Note 7). The agreement requires the Company to maintain compliance
with certain financial covenants computed on a quarterly and annual basis. As of October 31, 2025, the Company is in compliance with
those financial covenants. The Company is in a net income position for the year ended October 31, 2025 of $ 1.4 million and a net working
capital surplus of $ 22.6 million. The Company maintained a line of credit with an outstanding balance of approximately $ 6 million during
the year; however, this borrowing capacity was supported by a substantially larger asset base, including approximately $ 20 million of
inventory and $ 12 million of accounts receivable. The line of credit is collateralized by, and borrowed against, eligible inventory and
accounts receivable under the terms of the agreement. As a result, the Company does not believe that substantial doubt is raised regarding
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and the ability to meet its obligations as they become due within the twelve
months from the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. F- 8 NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES : BASIS
OF PRESENTATION : The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, Organic Products Trading Company, LLC (“OPTCO”), Sonofresco
LLC (“SONO”), Comfort Foods, Inc. (“CFI”), which closed its manufacturing facility in October 2025, and Second
Empire, LLC (“Second Empire”). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”)
and comply with SEC reporting requirements. USE
OF ESTIMATES : The
preparation of the Company’s financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Significant estimates include depreciable lives for long-lived assets, and valuation
of indefinitely lived intangible assets impairment testing. These estimates may be adjusted as more current information becomes available,
and any adjustment could have a significant impact on recorded amounts. CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS : Cash
and cash equivalents consists primarily of unrestricted cash on deposits and securities with an original maturity of 3 months or less
at financial institutions and brokerage firms. ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE : Trade
accounts receivable is stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company maintains allowances for credit losses for estimated
losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the following factors when determining
the collectability of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness, past transaction history with the customer, current customer
conditions, reasonable forecasts, current economic industry trends, and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60
days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company’s customers
were to deteriorate, adversely affecting their ability to make payments, additional allowances would be required. Based on management’s
assessment, the Company provides for estimated credit losses through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance. Balances
that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance
and a credit to accounts receivable. The
reserve for sales discounts represents the estimated discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances
represents the estimated amount of returns, slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by the Company from its
customers. The allowances are summarized as follows: SCHEDULE OF ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 2025 2024 Allowance for credit losses 234,000 65,000 Reserve for other allowances 35,000 35,000 Reserve for sales discounts 44,000 44,000 Totals 313,000 144,000 F- 9 INVENTORIES : Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost (first in, first out basis) or net realizable value, including provisions for obsolescence commensurate
with known or estimated exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31, 2025, and 2024. BUILDING,
MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT : Building,
machinery and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Purchases of buildings, machinery and equipment and additions and betterments which substantially extend the useful life of an asset
are capitalized at cost. Expenditures which do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as
incurred. The Company also provides for amortization of leasehold improvements which are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life
of the improvement or the lease term. COMMODITIES
HELD BY BROKER : The
commodities held at broker represent the market value of the Company’s trading account, which consists of option and future contracts
for coffee held with a brokerage firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts, which are not designated or qualifying as hedging
instruments, to partially hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures contracts are level
1 investments recognized at fair value in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on such
positions. The Company’s accounting for options and futures contracts may impact earnings volatility in any particular period.
We record all open contract positions on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value in the due from and due to broker line items and
typically do not offset these assets and liabilities. The
Company classifies its options and future contracts as trading securities and accordingly, unrealized holding gains and losses are included
in the statement of operations as a component of cost of sales. The
Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses on these contracts as follows. Both realized and unrealized gains and losses
are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying financial statements. SCHEDULE OF REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS AND LOSSES ON CONTRACTS 2025 2024 Year
    Ended October 31, 2025 2024 Gross
    realized gains 4,080,063 1,968,168 Gross
    realized losses ( 1,399,481 ) ( 1,005,616 ) Unrealized
    gains (losses), net ( 872,613 ) 617,902 Total 1,807,969 1,580,454 F- 10 CUSTOMER
LIST AND RELATIONSHIPS : Customer
list and relationships consist of a specific customer lists and customer contracts obtained by the Company in the acquisition of OPTCO,
Comfort Foods and Sonofresco which are being amortized on the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of twenty years .
Amortization expense for the years ended October 31, 2025, and 2024 was $ 30,500 . TRADEMARKS : The
Company has determined that its trademarks, which consist of product lines, trade names and packaging designs have indefinite useful
lives. Trademarks are tested for impairment at least annually or when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the trademarks
exceed fair value. The Company performs its annual impairment test on October 31 of each year by first performing a qualitative assessment
to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amounts exceed the fair values. Depending on the outcome of our qualitative
assessment, we may perform a quantitative assessment to determine if the carrying amounts exceed the fair values on the assessment date. During
the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company’s management concluded that no impairment charge was necessary during the
years then ended. IMPAIRMENT
OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS : The
Company assesses the impairment of long-lived assets used in operations, primarily buildings, machinery and equipment as well as intangible
assets subject to amortization, when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value amounts of these assets might not be recoverable.
For purposes of evaluating the recoverability of buildings, machinery and equipment and amortizable intangible assets, the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are compared to the carrying amounts of those assets. If and when the carrying amounts
of the assets exceed the undiscounted cashflows, then the related assets will be written down to fair value, if less. During
the year ended October 31, 2025, the Company recorded an impairment charge related to the Comfort lease as the Company vacated the facility
prior to the end of the lease term and expects to incur approximately $ 200,000 of remaining lease obligations. During the years ended
October 31, 2024, the Company recorded no impairment charges related to amortizable intangible assets, buildings, machinery and equipment. ADVERTISING : The
Company expenses the cost of advertising and promotion as incurred. Advertising costs charged to operations totaled $ 70,751 and $ 32,455 for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. F- 11 INCOME
TAXES : The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the asset and liability method which requires deferred income tax assets and liabilities
to be computed for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in
taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are
expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. The income tax provision or benefit is the tax incurred for the period plus or minus the change during the period in
deferred tax assets and liabilities. EARNINGS
PER SHARE : Basic
(loss) earnings per common share was computed by dividing net income (loss) by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding. Diluted (loss) earnings per common share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of
common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of common shares issuable upon exercise of potential sources of dilution. The Company
has 921,000 options outstanding which have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive. The
weighted average common shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share were 5,708,599 for
the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024. FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS : The
carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable, notes due to/(from) broker and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the
short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit approximates fair value because the debt is based
on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point in time, based on relevant market information about the financial instruments when available. These estimates are subjective in
nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
could significantly affect the estimates. The
Company measures fair value as required by Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 820 “Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures” (“ASC Topic 820”). ASC Topic 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework and gives guidance regarding
the methods used for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies that fair value
is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, there exists a three-tier fair
value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: ● A)
                                            Level 1 – unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                            that the Company has the ability to access as of the measurement date. ● B)
                                            Level 2 – inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly
                                            observable for the asset or liability or indirectly observable through corroboration with
                                            observable market data. ● C)
                                            Level 3 – unobservable inputs for the asset or liability only used when there is little,
                                            if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. The
hierarchy requires the Company to use observable market data, when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining
fair value. F- 12 REVENUE
RECOGNITION : The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the five-step model as prescribed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
Accounting Codification (“ASC”) Topic 606 (“ASC 606”) in which the Company evaluates the transfer of promised
goods or services and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the
consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition
for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (1)
identify the contract(s) with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price,
(4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies
a performance obligation. The
following table presents revenues by product line for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024. SCHEDULE OF REVENUE 2025 2024 Green 31,270,628 31,177,003 Packed 65,012,919 47,385,295 Totals 96,283,547 78,562,298 Revenues 96,283,547 78,562,298 Revenue
for these product lines is recognized upon shipment to the customer. SHIPPING
AND HANDLING FEES AND COSTS : Revenue
earned from shipping and handling fees is reflected in net sales. Costs associated with shipping product to customers aggregating approximately
$ 4,000,000 and $ 2,700,000 for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, is included in cost of sales. CONCENTRATION
OF RISK : Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions
and brokerage firms. Accounts
at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits. At October 31, 2025 and 2024,
the Company had approximately $ 450,000 and $ 780,000 in excess of FDIC insured limits, respectively. The
accounts at the brokerage firm contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to $ 500,000 , with a limit of $ 100,000 for cash, by
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). EQUITY
METHOD OF ACCOUNTING : Investee
companies that are not consolidated, but over which the Company exercises significant influence, are accounted for under the equity method
of accounting. Whether or not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation of several
factors including, among others, representation on the Investee company’s board of directors and ownership level, which is generally
a 20% to 50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company . Under the equity method of accounting, an Investee company’s
accounts are not reflected within the Company’s consolidated Balance Sheets and consolidated Statements of Operations; however,
the Company’s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the caption “Loss from equity method
investments” in the consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company’s carrying value in an equity method Investee company
is reflected in the caption “Equity method investments” in the Company’s consolidated Balance Sheets. F- 13 The
Company’s equity method investments consist of the following: (1) 20 % interest in Healthwise Gourmet Coffees, LLC, a distributor of low acidity coffees. The initial investment in this company amounted
to $ 100,000 . The loss recognized amounted to $ 0 and $ 25 for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The carrying amount
of this investment as presented on the consolidated balance sheet at October 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 39,651 . LEASES : Leases
are accounted for under ASC 842. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. The Company’s operating
lease arrangements are comprised of real estate and facility leases. Right of use assets represent the Company’s right to use the
underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from
the lease. Right of use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of the lease
payments over the lease term. As the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit rate and the implicit rate is not readily determinable,
the Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the measurement date in determining the present
value of the lease payments. Right of use assets also exclude lease incentives. RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS -ADOPTED : The
Company follows the FASB Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2016-13, “Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic
326).” This guidance requires entities to use a current expected credit loss impairment model rather than incurred losses. The
Company considers factors such as credit quality, age of balances, historical experience and current and future economic conditions that
may affect the Company’s expectation of collectability in determining the allowance for credit losses. The adoption of this new
guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures . ASU
2023-07, which is applicable to entities with a single reportable segment, primarily requires enhanced disclosures about significant
segment expenses and enhanced disclosures in interim periods. The guidance in ASU 2023-07 was effective for annual reporting periods
in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2024. The
Company adopted the guidance in ASU 2023-07 on October 1, 2024, and it is being applied retrospectively to its consolidated financial
statement disclosures. RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS -NOT YET ADOPTED : In
October 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-06, “Disclosure Improvements – Codification Amendments in Response to the SEC’s
Disclosure Update and Simplification Initiative.” This standard affects a wide variety of Topics in the Codification. The effective
date for each amendment will be the date on which the SEC’s removal of that related disclosure from Regulation S-X or Regulation
S-K becomes effective. Early adoption is prohibited. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures . ASU 2023-09 is intended
to improve income tax disclosure requirements by requiring (1) consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the
rate reconciliation and (2) the disaggregation of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The guidance makes several other changes to the
income tax disclosure requirements. The guidance in ASU 2023-09 will be effective for annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have on its consolidated
financial statements and disclosures. F- 14 In
November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic
220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses , which is intended to provide more detailed information about specified categories
of expenses (purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and amortization) included in certain expense captions presented
on the consolidated statement of operations. The guidance in this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026,
and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments may be applied
either (1) prospectively to financial statements issued for periods after the effective date of this ASU or (2) retrospectively to all
prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of
ASU 2024-03 will have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. NOTE
3 - BUSINESS COMBINATION : On
November 6, 2024, the Company (through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Second Empire) purchased the remaining assets of Empire Coffee Company
for $ 800,000 in a Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”) Chapter 9 sale (the “Second Empire Acquisition”). Operations
of Second Empire will include roasting and packing for current Company’s customers as well as customers of Empire Coffee. The results
of Second Empire are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The
Company has accounted for the Second Empire Acquisition as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, whereby
the total purchase price was allocated to the acquired identifiable net assets purchased in the Second Empire Acquisition based on assessments
of their respective fair values. The assets purchased consisted of equipment, accounts receivable and inventories. The Company has determined
that no portion of the purchase price is allocated to intangible assets as there were no acquired intangibles that are considered identifiable
under ASC 805. Based on a fair value assessment, all value has been attributed to tangible assets. Second Empire will operate as a 100 %
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The following tables summarize the fair values of consideration transferred and the fair values
of identified assets acquired at the date of acquisition: SCHEDULE OF BUSINESS COMBINATION Accounts
    Receivable 531,585 Inventory 268,415 Total
    purchase price 800,000 The
acquired business contributed revenues of $ 4,631,862 and a loss of $ 1,300,333 to the Company for the period from November 6, 2024 to
October 31, 2025. There were no acquisition costs incurred. In
connection with this transaction, the Company entered into a 4 four-year lease with 21 Grace Church Street Realty LLC for the existing
property at 21 Grace Church Street, Port Chester, NY 10573 where Empire Coffee Company had its offices and production facility. F- 15 NOTE
4 - INVENTORIES : Inventories
at October 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of the following: SCHEDULE OF INVENTORIES October
    31, 2025 October
    31, 2024 Packed
    coffee $ 1,767,614 $ 2,025,335 Green
    coffee $ 16,551,660 11,525,118 Roasters
    and parts $ 429,466 469,849 Packaging
    supplies $ 1,697,741 1,685,682 Totals $ 20,446,481 $ 15,705,984 Inventories $ 20,446,481 $ 15,705,984 NOTE 5 – BUILDING,
MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT : Building
machinery and equipment at October 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of the following: SCHEDULE OF MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT Estimated
    Useful Life 2025 2024 Improvements 15 - 30 years 1,043,050 279,813 Building 31 years 900,321 900,321 Machinery
    and equipment 7 years 8,805,748 8,673,925 Furniture
    and fixtures 7 years 1,359,202 1,359,203 Property
plant and equipment gross 12,108,321 11,213,262 Less:
    accumulated depreciation 8,645,249 7,991,397 Property
    plant and equipment net 3,463,072 3,221,865 Depreciation
expense totaled $ 668,955 and $ 579,515 for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. NOTE
6 – ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES : Accounts
payable and accrued expenses at October 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of the following: SCHEDULE
OF ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES 2025 2024 Accounts
    payable 2,122,567 2,944,905 Purchase
    accruals 3,314,607 2,408,749 Other
    accruals 204,662 390,245 Totals 5,641,836 5,743,899 F- 16 NOTE
7 - LINE OF CREDIT : On
June 27, 2024, the Organic Trading Products Trading Company, LLC (“OPTCO” and together with us, collectively referred to
herein as the “Borrowers”) entered into the Tenth Loan Modification Agreement with Webster Financial Corp. (“Webster”)
which amended the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (“A&R Loan Agreement”) to, among other things: (i)
provide for a new loan maturity date of June 29, 2025 , (ii) provide that the applicable margin requirement for any revolving loan outstanding
under the A&R Loan Agreement to 2.25 %, (iii) provide that the maximum facility amount shall be $ 10,000,000 and (iv) to adjust certain
definitions and terms related to the borrowing base and leverage ratios applicable to the A&R Loan Agreement. The average interest
for the twelve months ended October 31, 2025 was 6.98 %. On
April 17, 2025, the Borrowers entered into the Eleventh Loan Modification Agreement with Webster which, among other things, amended the
A&R Loan Agreement to provide for a new loan maturity date of June 28, 2026. Each
of the A&R Loan Facility and A&R Loan Agreement contains covenants, subject to certain exceptions, that place annual restrictions
on the Borrowers’ operations, including covenants relating to debt restrictions, capital expenditures, indebtedness, minimum deposit
restrictions, tangible net worth, net profit, leverage, employee loan restrictions, dividend and repurchase restrictions (common stock
and preferred stock), and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The outstanding balance on the Company’s line of credit was
$ 6,050,000 and $ 0 as of October 31, 2025, and October 31, 2024, respectively. NOTE
8 - INCOME TAXES : The
Company’s provision for income taxes in 2025 and 2024 consisted of the following: SCHEDULE
OF PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 2025 2024 Current: Federal 128,205 82,332 State
    and local 26,985 18,544 Total 155,190 100,876 Deferred: Federal 293,573 611,317 State
    and local 68,926 137,692 Total 362,499 749,009 Provision
    for income taxes 517,689 849,885 F- 17 A
reconciliation of the difference between the expected income tax rate using the statutory U.S. federal tax rate and the Company’s
effective tax rate is as follows: SCHEDULE OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE 2025 2024 Expense
    (Benefit) from for tax at the federal statutory rate 398,932 644,259 Other
    permanent differences 2,137 23,718 Return
    to provision 6,083 29,959 Deferred
    Tax change in effective rate 26,567 6,838 State
    and local tax, net of federal 83,970 145,111 Expense
    (Benefit from) income taxes 517,689 849,885 Effective
    income tax rate 27 % 28 % The
tax effects of the temporary differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of October 31, 2025 and 2024 are
as follows: SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 2025 2024 Deferred
    tax assets: Accounts
    receivable 79,565 37,051 Unrealized
    loss 90,792 - Deferred
    rent 2,790 942 Deferred
    compensation 32,737 31,233 Net
    operating loss - 503,413 Stock-based
    compensation 638,115 645,892 Inventory 120,742 93,879 Total
    deferred tax asset 964,741 1,312,410 Deferred
    tax liabilities: Intangible
    assets acquired 116,330 95,347 Unrealized
    gain - 132,625 Buildings,
    machinery and equipment 618,512 492,040 Total
    deferred tax liabilities 734,842 720,012 Net
    deferred tax asset 229,899 592,398 A
valuation allowance was not provided at October 31, 2025 or 2024. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers
whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax
planning strategies in making this assessment. F- 18 Based
upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets
are expected to be deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible
differences. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future
taxable income are reduced. As
of October 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company did no t have any unrecognized tax benefits or open tax positions. The Company’s practice
is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of October 31, 2025, and 2024, the
Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to income taxes. The Company currently has no federal or state tax examinations
in progress. The
Company files a U.S. federal income tax return and California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan,
Massachusetts, Montana, New Jersey, New York, New York City, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and
Virginia state tax returns. The Company’s federal income tax return is no longer subject to examination by the federal taxing authority
for years before fiscal 2022. The Company’s California, Colorado and New Jersey and Texas income tax returns are no longer subject
to examination by their respective taxing authorities for the years before fiscal 2022. The Company’s Oregon, New York, Kansas,
South Carolina, Rhode Island, Connecticut and Michigan income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing
authorities for the years before fiscal 2022. As
of October 31, 2025, and 2024, the Company had cumulative net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $ 0 and $ 1,956,523 respectively. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) was
signed into law, extending key provisions of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act including, but not limited to, deductions for domestic research
and development expenditures. The Company is currently evaluating OBBBA; however, the Company does not expect OBBBA to have a material
impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. NOTE
9 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES : The
Company has a 401(k) Retirement Plan, which covers all the full-time employees who have completed one year of service and have reached
their 21st birthday. The Company matches 100% of the aggregate salary reduction contribution up to the first 3% of compensation and 50%
of aggregate contribution of the next 2% of compensation. Contributions to the plan aggregated $ 114,837 and $ 63,095 for the years ended
October 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. NOTE
10 - LEASES : The
following summarizes the Company’s operating leases: SCHEDULE OF OPERATING LEASES 2025 2024 Right-of-use
    operating lease assets 2,084,175 1,166,537 Current
    lease liability 811,975 307,364 Non-current
    lease liability 1,530,096 865,668 Total
    lease liability 2,342,071 1,173,032 F- 19 The
amortization of the right-of-use asset for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 785,957 and $ 315,414 , respectively. Weighted
    average remaining lease term 2.99 Weighted
    average discount rate 6.98 % Maturities
of lease liabilities by year for our operating leases are as follows: SCHEDULE OF MATURITY LEASE LIABILITY 2026 955,052 2027 818,259 2028 766,322 2029 66,619 Thereafter - Total
    lease payments 2,606,252 Less:
    imputed interest ( 264,181 ) Present
    value of operating lease liabilities 2,342,071 The
aggregate cash payments under these leasing agreements were $ 1,431,164 and $ 288,202 for the years ended October 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Variable
lease payments were $ 448,765 and $ 131,490 during the years ended October 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Operating lease costs were
$ 982,398 and $ 426,200 for the years ended October 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. In
May 2024, the Company modified its existing lease agreement pertaining to a portion of its office facility. The Company wrote off $ 1,848,032 in right-of-use assets and $ 2,058,599 lease liability associated with this agreement, resulting in a gain on extinguishment of lease
of $ 210,567 . On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into an amended lease agreement for the remaining portion of its office facility in
Staten Island, NY, which changed the lease modification date to April 30, 2029. The amended lease commenced on May 1, 2024. The Company
recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability associated with this modified agreement of $ 547,975 . As a result of the modification,
the Company decreased its right-of-use asset by $ 1,300,057 and lease liability by $ 1,510,624 as of July 31, 2024. In
November 2024, the Company entered into a new lease in connection with the Second Empire Acquisition. As a result, the Company recognized
a right-of-use asset and lease liability of $ 2,113,581 in connection with such new lease. In
October 2025, the Company ceased operations of its Comfort Foods manufacturing subsidiary and exited the leased facility located in North
Andover, Massachusetts. The lease for this facility was scheduled to expire on May 31, 2028. Upon the closure of Comfort Foods, the Company
determined that the right-of-use asset associated with the lease was fully impaired, as the facility would no longer be utilized in the
Company’s operations. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $ 400,000 to write off the remaining ROU asset.
Based on ongoing legal discussions with the landlord and management’s estimate of the expected settlement amount, the Company reduced
the lease liability by approximately $ 200,000 , which partially offset the impairment charge. After this adjustment, the remaining estimated
lease liability is approximately $ 200,000 , representing management’s best estimate of the Company’s remaining obligation
under the lease. The related impairment charge is included in selling and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. F- 20 NOTE
11 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS : In
January 2005, the Company established the “Coffee Holding Co., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan.” Currently,
there is only one participant in the plan: the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. Within the plan guidelines, this employee is
deferring a portion of his current salary and bonus. The assets are held in a separate trust. The deferred compensation payable represents
the liability due to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The assets were $ 129,646 and $ 121,386 as of October 31, 2025, and October
31, 2024, respectively, and are included in Deposits and other assets in the accompanying balance sheets. The deferred compensation liability
at October 31, 2025 and October 31, 2024 was $ 129,646 and $ 121,386 , respectively. NOTE
12 - STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY : a.
Treasury Stock. The Company utilizes the cost method of accounting for treasury stock. The cost of reissued shares is determined
under the last-in, first-out method. The Company did not purchase any shares during the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024. b.
Stock Options. The Company has an incentive stock plan, the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (the “2013 Plan”), and on April
19, 2019, has granted 1,000,000 stock options to employees, officers and non-employee directors from the 2013 Plan each with an exercise
price of $ 5.43 . Options granted under the 2013 Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options, as determined by the
Administrator at the time of grant. During the year ended October 31, 2025, no stock options were forfeited. No options were granted
or expired during the years ended October 31, 2025. During the year ended October 31, 2024, 79,000 stock options were forfeited. No options
were granted or expired during the years ended October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2025, and October 31, 2024, 921,000 options, were
exercisable. The
Company recorded no stock-based compensation expense for the year ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, as all stock option awards were fully
vested as of the beginning of the reporting period. NOTE
13 – CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK : The
Company had one customer in fiscal year 2025 that individually exceeded 10% of consolidated net sales. Net sales to this one customer
were approximately 12.6 % of consolidated net sales or $ 12 million. NOTE
14 – SEGMENT INFORMATION : ASC
Topic 280, “Segment Reporting,” establishes standards for companies to report in their financial statement information about
operating segments, products, services, geographic areas, and major customers. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise
for which separate financial information is available that is regularly evaluated by the Company’s chief operating decision maker,
or group, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. The
Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is Andrew Gordon, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, and Director. The Company has one reportable segment: coffee. The Company derives revenue primarily in North America and manages
the business activities on a consolidated basis. F- 21 The
coffee segment derives revenue from the sale of wholesale green coffee, private label coffee and branded coffee. Revenue for these product
lines is recognized upon shipment to the customer. The CODM assesses performance for the coffee segment and decides how to allocate resources
based on operating income that also is reported on statement of operations as consolidated income (loss) from operations. The measure
of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheet as total consolidated assets. When
evaluating the Company’s performance and making key decisions regarding resource allocation the CODM reviews the Trading Profit
and Operating income table below: SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT INFORMATION 10/31/2025 10/31/2024 Statement
    of operations For
    the years ended 10/31/2025 10/31/2024 Net
    sales 96,283,547 78,562,298 Cost
    of Goods Sold (1) 82,676,850 64,100,983 Gross
    Profit 13,606,697 14,461,315 Trading
    Profit (1) 1,807,969 1,580,454 Overhead (2) 13,262,306 13,078,211 Operating
    income 2,152,360 2,963,558 (1) Trading
                                            profit is included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statement of operations. (2) Overhead
                                            includes officers’ salaries and selling and administrative expenses included in the
                                            consolidated statement of operations. The
CODM uses operating income (loss) to evaluate income generated from segment assets (return on assets) in deciding whether to reinvest
profits into the coffee segment or into other parts of the entity such as for acquisitions or to pay dividends. Intra-entity sales and
cash transfers are eliminated in operating income (loss) used by the CODM. NOTE
15 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS : In
December 2025, the Company invested $ 850,000 in The Ryl Company LLC pursuant to a subscription agreement in exchange for a non-controlling
minority interest. The investment is passive in nature, and the Company does not participate in management or operations of The Ryl Company
LLC. On
January 28th, 2026, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of $ 0.08 per share, representing one-third of net income. The dividend
is payable on or about February 26, 2026, to shareholders of record as of February 10, 2026. F- 22

