TICKER: LB
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and other risks common in the development and operation of facilities and other infrastructure. Risks Related to Environmental and Other Regulations • Our results of operations, cash flows and financial position are subject to major trends in our industry, such as decarbonization, and may be adversely affected by future developments that are outside of our control. • Legislation or regulatory initiatives intended to address seismic activity, over-pressurization or subsidence could restrict drilling, completion and production activities, as well as WaterBridge’s ability to handle produced water gathered from its customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition • We are subject to interest rate risk, which may cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025, was 6.13%. • We are subject to counterparty credit risk. Nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. • Our obligations under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and various guarantees. Risks Related to Our Class A Shares • Maintaining the requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, will increase demands on our resources, increase our costs and divert management’s attention, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. • If we do not continue paying regular cash dividends on our Class A shares, you may not receive a return on investment unless you sell your Class A shares for a price greater than that which you paid for them. 8 • LandBridge Holdings has the ability to direct the voting of a majority of our common shares and control certain decisions with respect to our management and business, including certain consent rights and the right to designate more than a majority of the members of our board of directors as long as it and its affiliates beneficially own at least 40% of our outstanding common shares, as well as lesser director designation rights as long as it and its affiliates beneficially own less than 40% but at least 10% of our outstanding common shares. LandBridge Holdings’ interests may conflict with those of our other shareholders. • LandBridge Holdings, Five Point and WaterBridge, as well as their affiliates, are not limited in their ability to compete with us, and may benefit from opportunities that might otherwise be available to us. • There are certain provisions in our Operating Agreement regarding fiduciary duties of our directors, exculpation and indemnification of our officers and directors and the approval of conflicted transactions that differ from the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) in a manner that may be less protective of the interests of our public shareholders and restrict the remedies available to shareholders for actions taken by our officers and directors that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duties if we were subject to the DGCL. • Certain of our directors and officers may have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, other entities, including entities that may compete with us in seeking acquisitions and business opportunities, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating time or pursuing business opportunities. • The U.S. federal income tax treatment of dividends on our Class A shares to a holder will depend upon our tax attributes and the holder’s tax basis in our common shares, which are not necessarily predictable and can change over time, and could cause taxable gain or loss on the sale of our Class A shares to be more or less than expected. 9 PART 1 Item 1. Business LandBridge was formed on September 27, 2023 as a Delaware limited liability company to serve as the issuer in an initial public offering of equity, which closed on July 1, 2024 (the “IPO”). LandBridge is a holding company, the principal asset of which is membership interests in OpCo. LandBridge is also the sole managing member of OpCo. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to “LandBridge”, “us,” “we,” “our” or the “Company” are to (i) OpCo and its subsidiaries before the completion of the corporate reorganization in connection with the IPO (the “Corporate Reorganization”) and (ii) LandBridge and its subsidiaries as of the completion of the Corporate Reorganization. Company Overview Land is a fundamental requirement for the development and production of energy and the construction and operation of critical infrastructure. As of December 31, 2025, we owned or managed more than 315,000 surface acres in and around the Delaware Basin sub-region in the prolific Permian Basin, which is the most active area for oil and natural gas exploration and development in the United States. Access to expansive surface acreage is necessary for oil and natural gas development, solar power generation, power storage, digital infrastructure and non-hazardous oilfield reclamation and solid waste facilities. Further, the significant industrial economy that exists to service and support energy and infrastructure development requires access to surface acreage to support those activities. Our strategy is to actively manage our land and resources to support and encourage energy and infrastructure development and other land uses that will generate long-term revenue and Free Cash Flow for us and returns to our shareholders. Please see “ How We Evaluate Our Operations ” for more information regarding Free Cash Flow. The Delaware Basin is characterized by the abundant remaining oil and natural gas resources and low break-even cost of development. Activity in the Delaware Basin is dominated by large, generally publicly-listed, well-capitalized producers. Our land is located predominantly in the heart of the Delaware Basin, along and near the regulatory divide of the Texas-New Mexico state border. This area represents some of the most productive acreage in the Delaware Basin, with a high concentration of hydrocarbons and elevated levels of drilling and completion activity. We believe that our strategic location positions us to capture additional revenues from the growth in infrastructure required to facilitate the development of these resources. We share a financial sponsor, Five Point, and our management team with WaterBridge. WaterBridge is one of the largest water midstream companies in the United States and operates a large-scale network of pipelines and other infrastructure in the Delaware Basin that, as of December 31, 2025, handles approximately 2.5 million bpd of water associated with oil and natural gas production, with approximately 4.2 million bpd of total handling capacity. These relationships provide our shared management team visibility into key areas of oil and natural gas production and long-term trends, which we leverage to encourage and support the development of critical infrastructure on our land and generate additional revenue for us. Since we acquired our initial acreage, WaterBridge has constructed or acquired, as of December 31, 2025, approximately 1.5 million bpd of water handling capacity on our land, with approximately 3.2 million bpd of permitted capacity available for future development on our land. We receive royalties for each barrel of produced water that WaterBridge handles on our land as well as surface use payments for infrastructure constructed on our land. Five Point and our management team formed LandBridge to acquire, manage and expand a strategic land position in the heart of the Delaware Basin to support the development of WaterBridge’s large-scale produced water handling infrastructure and to actively manage our land and resources to support and encourage broader industrial and commercial development. Since our formation, our management and Five Point have successfully started and expanded businesses that generate new and growing sources of revenue for us by capturing and monetizing commercial activity both on and near our land. Examples of the benefits of these relationships include WaterBridge’s strategic relationship with Devon Energy, which supports the development of significant additional infrastructure on and around our land. We believe that WaterBridge’s future growth will continue to underpin increased revenues for us, into which we have significant visibility and that requires minimal investment by us. Additionally, WaterBridge operates non-hazardous oilfield reclamation and solid waste facilities that are located on our land. In addition to our relationship with WaterBridge, we have actively grown third-party revenues. We utilize a collaborative commercial approach with a diversified customer base to provide availability, timing and consistent terms for our customers’ development activities on our land. As a landowner, we benefit from these activities by charging fees and royalties based on our customers’ usage of our land and resources. Furthermore, the cost of development on our land is primarily borne by our customers, allowing us to benefit from their growth on our land while deploying minimal capital of our own. In furtherance of our strategy, we and WaterBridge entered into agreements with Texas Pacific Land Corporation (“TPL”), one of the largest landowners in Texas, to provide reciprocal crossing rights and produced water royalty and revenue sharing across an area of mutual interest that provides our customers (including WaterBridge) with greater development efficiency and enables them to increase their operations on our land. Please see “ Business—Our Assets—Our Stateline Position ” for more information related to our agreements with TPL. 10 We generate multiple revenue streams from the use of our surface acreage, the sale of resources from our land and oil and gas royalties. • Surface Use Royalties and Revenues: We receive fees from our customers for the use of our surface acreage for their business operations, which currently include oil and natural gas development, produced water transportation and handling, pipeline and electrical infrastructure, digital infrastructure, a commercial fuel distribution facility and other commercial and industrial activities, including non-hazardous oilfield reclamation and solid waste facilities. • Resource Sales and Royalties: We receive fees from the sale of resources from our land, including sales of brackish water and caliche primarily utilized in connection with oil and natural gas well development, and royalties from sand and brackish water extracted from our land primarily utilized for oil and natural gas well completions. These resources are used by our customers in their projects on and around our land and elsewhere throughout the Delaware Basin. • Oil and Gas Royalties: We receive a share of recurring revenues from the production of oil and natural gas on our approximate 4,400 gross mineral acres through our ownership of mineral interests, of which approximately 96% underlie our surface acreage. Other than our gross mineral acres, we do not own the mineral interests that underlie our surface acreage. A key attribute of our business model is entering into agreements under which our customers bear substantially all of the operating and capital expenditures related to their operations on our land, with minimal capital requirements of our own for both current and future commercial opportunities, resulting in the ability to create significant Free Cash Flow. The following table summarizes our financial performance for the periods shown: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands) Total revenues $ 199,093 $ 109,954 $ 72,865 Net income (loss) (1) $ 72,399 $ (41,479 ) $ 63,172 Adjusted EBITDA (2) $ 177,171 $ 97,069 $ 62,804 Cash flows from operating activities $ 126,273 $ 67,636 $ 53,042 Capital expenditures $ (4,236 ) $ (985 ) $ (2,783 ) Free Cash Flow (2) $ 122,037 $ 66,651 $ 50,259 (1)	Net income for the year ended December 31, 2025, includes non-cash share-based compensation expense of $45.3 million, of which $8.8 million is attributable to RSUs issued by the Company and $36.5 million is attributable to LBH Incentive Units. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2024, includes non-cash share-based compensation expense of $95.3 million, of which $4.0 million is attributable to RSUs issued by the Company, $72.6 million is attributable to NDB Incentive Units and $18.7 million is attributable to LBH Incentive Units. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes non-cash share-based compensation income of $17.2 million attributable to the NDB Incentive Units. Any actual cash expense associated with the LBH Incentive Units is borne solely by LandBridge Holdings and not the Company. Distributions attributable to LBH Incentive Units are based on returns received by investors of LandBridge Holdings once certain return thresholds have been met and are neither an obligation of the Company nor taken into consideration for distributions to investors in the Company. (2)	Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for more information regarding these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Active Land Management We actively manage the commercial development of our land, seeking to maximize the long-term value of our surface acreage and our resources by identifying and developing, or supporting the development of, new uses and revenues from our land. Unlike landowners focused primarily on agricultural or livestock operations, we proactively promote our land as a location for commercial and industrial uses, and we offer our customers an efficient contracting process that provides a holistic solution to their operational needs. We target opportunities that make the most efficient use of our surface acreage, allow the same surface acreage to be used for multiple activities and/or improve the value of the surrounding acreage. We have entered into, or are currently pursuing, primarily long-term commercial relationships with businesses focused on oil and gas development, solar power generation, microgrids, power storage, cryptocurrency mining and data management, as well as other renewable energy production, among other industries and applications. Similar to the other operations conducted on our land, we expect to enter into surface use or similar agreements with the owners of these projects from which we expect to receive surface use fees and other payments in connection with the utilization of our land, but we do not expect to own or operate such projects or expect to incur significant capital expenditures in connection therewith. 11 We measure our revenue divided by our acreage as a performance metric, which we refer to as “surface use economic efficiency.” The surface use economic efficiency metric for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are shown in the following table: Total Weighted average acreage (2) Surface use economic efficiency (3) (4) Variance acreage (1) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Percent (in thousands) Legacy acreage 72,000 72,000 72,000 $ 1,159 $ 1,018 14 % 2024 Acquisitions 203,000 203,000 101,008 $ 499 $ 204 145 % 2025 Acquisitions 42,000 8,479 - $ 208 $ - - % Total 317,000 283,479 173,008 $ 658 $ 543 21 % (1) Total acreage is rounded and reflects fee surface acres, together with leasehold acres and acreage subject to a long-term management agreement. (2) In the year of acquisition, weighted average surface acreage is calculated for the period of ownership during the year of acquisition to align with the revenues earned during the period of ownership in that year. (3) Surface use economic efficiency is calculated as “Total revenues” less “Oil and gas royalties” from our consolidated statements of operations divided by the weighed average surface acres owned during the period. (4) May not sum or recalculate due to rounding. The increase in our surface use economic efficiency reflects the application of our active land management strategy, including the optimization and expansion of commercial and surface use agreements. Land and Produced Water Relationship Produced water naturally exists in underground formations and is brought to the surface during crude oil and natural gas production throughout the entire life of an oil or natural gas well. Produced water must be reliably separated and handled in order for these wells to be brought online and remain in production. The gathering, treating, handling and recycling of produced water requires both access to significant surface acreage for operations and subsurface reservoirs that are porous, uniform and stable where produced water can be injected and sequestered. Access to significant surface acreage and subsurface reservoirs for produced water handling is of particular importance to operators in the Delaware Basin, as the Delaware Basin has experienced significant growth in oil and natural gas production activity over the last three years with a resultant increase in produced water volumes. We believe that this growth in oil and natural gas production activity will require increased produced water handling capacity, as the amount of produced water produced from wells in the Delaware Basin significantly exceeds the amount of the related oil and natural gas production. Produced water handling facilities and their access to specific geologic zones are regulated at the state level and are required to meet guidelines imposed by the relevant state agencies. Because the Delaware Basin straddles the Texas-New Mexico state border, the planning, permitting and building of produced water infrastructure is dependent upon the laws and regulations of either Texas or New Mexico. In contrast to New Mexico, Texas generally provides a more favorable regulatory environment for produced water permitting. The combination of favorable geological characteristics and a comparatively less restrictive regulatory environment drives increased demand for produced water handling facilities on the Texas side of the Texas-New Mexico state border. Our Stateline and Northern Positions benefit from the demand for surface acreage and pore space in Texas that is driven by the regulatory divide between Texas and New Mexico and the level of oil and gas activity in the Northern Delaware Basin. Please see “ —Our Assets—Our Stateline Position ” and “ — Our Assets—Our Northern Position ” for more information. New Mexico also presents a more restrictive regulatory and hydrological environment for sourcing brackish water used for oil and natural gas well completion activity. As a result, much of the brackish water supplied to the oil and natural gas industry in New Mexico is sourced from Texas. Our Stateline and Northern Positions contain significant underground brackish water resources from which brackish water can be produced for sale to companies that deliver this water to E&P companies in New Mexico for use in their drilling and completion activities. We believe that expected future growth of produced water volumes in the Delaware Basin will require incremental pore space to ensure proper handling. We also believe that our large land position strategically located at the intersection of significant producer activity and access to largely underutilized pore space offers critical capacity for produced water disposal, along with our management team’s extensive experience in the produced water industry, uniquely positions us to provide producers and produced water companies with access to our land and pore space to establish large-scale, reliable produced water handling solutions, from which we will generate multiple revenue streams, including the sale of resources from our land and produced water handling royalties. 12 Our Assets We own or manage more than 315,000 surface acres in and around the Delaware Basin in Texas and New Mexico, the most active oil and natural gas development and production region of the United States, as of December 31, 2025. Our surface acreage is located across three separate areas, which we refer to as our Stateline, Northern and Southern Positions. Our land positions are shown below. Overview of our Land Position Our Stateline Position Our Stateline Position consists of approximately 169,000 surface acres located primarily in Loving, Reeves and Winkler Counties, Texas, and Lea County, New Mexico, near and along the Texas-New Mexico state border, as of December 31, 2025. Our Stateline Position comprises a significant and large land position and geological formations that are generally characterized by high permeability and porosity, that we believe will enable reliable water handling. There are substantial hydrocarbon resources under and in close proximity to our Stateline Position, which attracts high-quality, well-capitalized producers, including Devon Energy, EOG Resources, ConocoPhillips, Continental Resources, Admiral Permian and Occidental Petroleum. We believe that our geographic proximity to the operations of large, well-capitalized producers positions us to benefit from anticipated growth in oil and natural gas development on and around our land. The western portion of our Stateline Position is semi-contiguous, or checkerboarded, with surface acreage held by TPL, one of the largest landowners in Texas. The nature of the checkerboarded acreage results in E&P companies, midstream companies, service companies and other operators in the area generally needing to access both our and TPL’s surface acreage for rights of way. In order to unlock opportunities for the checkerboarded surface acreage, we, together with WaterBridge, entered into agreements with TPL that established an approximate 64,000 acre area of mutual interest (the “Stateline AMI”) across much of the western portion of our Stateline Position and the adjacent TPL surface acreage. These agreements provide reciprocal crossing rights as well as royalty and revenue sharing across the Stateline AMI, and provides our customers, including WaterBridge, the certainty necessary to develop 13 large scale infrastructure assets on and around such land. Please see “ —Our Assets—Our Stateline Position ” for more information related to our agreements with TPL. As of December 31, 2025, WaterBridge and third party operators collectively operated approximately 1.9 million bpd of existing produced water handling capacity on our Stateline Position. We believe that the pore space underlying our Stateline Position will be able to support approximately 3.2 million bpd of additional produced water handling capacity, assuming approximately 27,000 bpd produced water handling permits on average and approximately one kilometer of spacing between all future produced water handling facilities. The eastern portion of our Stateline Position includes approximately 116,000 surface acres in Winkler and Loving counties, Texas and Lea County, New Mexico, as of December 31, 2025. WaterBridge operates produced water handling infrastructure and a brackish water supply system that serves producers active on the East Stateline Ranch, including ConocoPhillips, Continental Resources, Devon Energy and Occidental Petroleum. These producers are subject to SUAs that govern commercial activities on the East Stateline Ranch. In addition, we believe that the East Stateline Ranch contains substantial sand resources, which we expect to support additional sand mine developments over time and generate surface use revenue for us in connection with the utilization of our land. Although oil and natural gas production and related services account for a large majority of the activity in our Stateline Position, we anticipate there will be opportunities with developers seeking to build data centers, cryptocurrency mining facilities, power generation facilities, microgrids and power storage facilities and commercial fueling stations across our Stateline Position. Our Northern Position Our Northern Position, which includes land positions in Eddy and Lea counties, New Mexico and Andrews County, Texas, consists of approximately 61,000 fee-owned surface acres and 33,000 additional surface acres leased from the BLM and the State of New Mexico on a year-to-year basis as of December 31, 2025. Our Northern Position supports much needed water infrastructure development to serve oil and natural gas development in the northern part of the Delaware Basin. We believe that there is a need for produced water systems serving central and northern Lea and Eddy counties to transport produced water east out of the Delaware Basin. The Speed and Lea County Ranches within our Northern Position provide critical access to pore space that we believe will be able to handle significant produced water volumes. As of December 31, 2025, WaterBridge and third party operators collectively operated approximately 158,000 bpd of existing produced water handling capacity on our Northern Position. We believe that the pore space underlying our Northern Position will be able to support approximately 1.4 million bpd of additional produced water handling capacity, assuming approximately 32,000 bpd produced water handling permits on average and one kilometer of spacing between all future produced water handling facilities. Our Southern Position Our Southern Position consists of approximately 87,000 surface acres located in Reeves, Ward and Pecos counties, Texas in the Delaware Basin as of December 31, 2025. Various producers have operations on or in the vicinity of our Southern Position, including Crescent Energy, VTX Energy, APA Corporation, Permian Resources and Diamondback Energy, and we generate revenues from their use of our Southern Position acreage and its resources. In December 2024, we closed the Wolf Bone Acquisition, pursuant to which we acquired approximately 46,000 largely contiguous surface acres in the Southern Delaware Basin known as the Wolf Bone Ranch. Located adjacent to our existing surface acreage in Reeves County, Texas, the Wolf Bone Ranch is well-positioned at a strategic intersection of oil and natural gas exploration and transportation, with access to the Waha Gas market hub. The land also supports produced water operations, with current volumes of approximately 300,000 bpd serviced by infrastructure owned and operated by VTX Energy, as well as assets owned and managed by WaterBridge. As of December 31, 2025, WaterBridge and third party operators collectively operated approximately 783,000 bpd of existing produced water handling capacity on our Southern Position. In addition, we continually seek to identify and pursue opportunities with a broad array of customers, including new, distinct operations on our Southern Position. For example, in September of 2025, we sold a 3,000-acre solar energy generation project in Reeves County, Texas, to a leading, publicly-traded energy infrastructure developer. In connection with the transaction, we received an up-front cash payment and the right to receive contingent future cash payments based on the achievement of certain developmental milestones. The solar project has a proposed generation capacity of 250 MW . In addition, our Southern Position is adjacent to the I-10 interstate highway corridor, the fourth longest interstate highway system in the country, as well as I-20, which, each individually and 14 collectively, serve as corridors for vehicle traffic and for pipeline and electrical infrastructure, representing additional development opportunities for this surface acreage. Our Mineral Interests We own approximately 4,400 gross mineral acres in the Delaware Basin with a weighted average lease royalty percentage based on acreage of 23.9% and an average proved developed producing net revenue interest per well of 4.2%, as of December 31, 2025. Our mineral interests are leased to some of the top operators in the Delaware Basin, including APA Corporation, Chevron, ConocoPhillips and Occidental Petroleum. Our leases with these and other E&P companies permit the lessee to explore for and produce oil, natural gas and NGLs from our land and entitle us to receive an upfront cash payment, or lease bonus, and a percentage of the proceeds from the sales of these commodities in the form of an oil and gas royalty interest. Unlike businesses that focus on buying oil and gas royalty interests, which are more directly exposed to commodity prices, our focus is on surface acreage ownership and the associated fee-based revenue. As a result, we expect to acquire additional mineral interests only incidentally in connection with property acquired primarily for other purposes and, consequently, oil and natural gas is expected to become a smaller percentage of our total revenues over time. Our Business Model We are focused on actively growing revenue from the use of our surface acreage and the sale of resources from our land, while continuing to maximize value from our current mineral interests. We believe that our largely fee-based contracts, as well as our strong base of revenues from our customers’ oil and natural gas production, help mitigate our direct exposure to commodity price fluctuations and promote cash flow stability through commodity price cycles. Sources of Revenue Our sources of revenue currently include: Surface Use Royalties and Revenues • Surface Use Royalties : Under our SURAs, including produced water handling facility leases and certain surface use agreements that contain water handling royalties, which typically provide for five- to 10-year initial terms, we receive a royalty based on a percentage of gross revenues derived from the use of our land and/or volumetric use of infrastructure installed on our land in exchange for rights of use of our land. Royalties we receive from operations under our SURAs include produced water transportation and handling operations, skim oil recovery and produced water throughput and waste reclamation, all of which are required for oil and natural gas production throughout the lifecycle of a well. • Easements and Surface-Related Revenues : Under our SUAs, including easements and rights-of-way, which typically provide for five- to 10-year initial terms, we typically receive a fee when the contract is executed, fixed monthly or annual payments, and often additional fees at the beginning of each renewal period. Such agreements typically include pre-defined terms for fees that we will receive for our customers’ development and use of drilling sites, new and existing roads, pipeline easements and electric transmission easements. Our SUAs generally require our customers to use the resources from our land, such as brackish water and sand, for their operations on our land, for which we receive our customary fees. Resource Sales and Royalties • Resource Sales : Under our water supply agreements, we sell brackish water to be used primarily in well completions in exchange for a per barrel fee. These fees are negotiated and vary depending on the destination of the brackish water, with brackish water sold for use outside the Stateline AMI typically at wholesale prices, and brackish water sold for use in the Stateline AMI sold directly to producers at retail prices. Revenue from brackish water sold for use in the Stateline AMI is shared with TPL (please see “— Our Assets — Our Stateline Position ” for more information related to our agreements with TPL). We and TPL have strong relationships with, and contractual commitments from, many of the E&P companies in the Stateline AMI. Additionally, the immediate proximity of our Stateline Position to the Texas-New Mexico state border provides us the ability to deliver brackish water volumes into the otherwise constrained market in New Mexico. Through our relationships, as well as the strategic location of our brackish water resources, we believe that we will benefit from strong demand going forward in both Texas and New Mexico. Similarly, our customers buy caliche from us for the construction of access roads and well pads for which we receive a fixed-fee per cubic yard of caliche extracted from our surface acreage. Businesses operating on our land are generally required to buy all caliche they use on our land from us. • Resource Royalties : Under our sand lease agreements, we lease our surface acreage to customers to construct and operate at their expense sand mines to provide in-basin sand for use in oil and natural gas completion operations. We receive a fixed 15 royalty per ton of sand extracted, as well as a fixed-fee per barrel of brackish water used to support sand mining operations. Additionally, under certain access agreements and fee arrangements, we lease our surface acreage to customers to construct and operate (at their expense) brackish water wells to extract brackish water for use in oil and natural gas operations. We receive a fixed royalty per barrel of brackish water extracted. Oil and Gas Royalties • Under our oil and natural gas mineral leases, we receive a lease bonus at inception and in connection with any extensions and oil and gas royalties on a per unit produced basis at a market rate, less production taxes and, in some instances, gathering, processing and transportation costs. Our leases, which typically extend for a one- to three-year primary term, permit the lessee to explore for and produce oil, natural gas and NGLs from our land and entitle us to receive a percentage of the proceeds from the sales of these commodities in the form of a royalty. If the lessee does not meet certain requirements, such as drilling and completing wells within the leased mineral acreage by a specified date, the lessee must pay to extend the lease, or the lease will terminate. If terminated, we would seek to re-lease our mineral interests to another E&P company. We expect our fee-based revenues to grow over time relative to our revenues generated from oil and gas royalties. As shown in the chart below, for the year ended December 31, 2025, 68% of our total revenues were surface use royalties and revenues, 24% were resources sales and royalties, 6% were oil and gas royalties and 2% were considered other. For the year ended December 31, 2024, 60% of our total revenues were surface use royalties and revenues, 26% were resource sales and royalties and 14% were oil and gas royalties. We seek to include inflation escalators in our SURAs and SUAs, which, when combined with our relatively low operating and capital expenditures, may assist in mitigating our exposure to rising costs. Given the expected long-term nature of production in the Delaware Basin, we expect these contracts to be renewed over an extended period of time. While we expect these revenue streams to be recurring over the long-term, our contracts with our significant customers, which represent a large portion of our revenues, generally do not contain minimum commitment provisions for land use or brackish water volumes to be purchased. As a result, our revenues are dependent on ongoing demand from these customers, which may decrease due to factors beyond our control despite our current expectations regarding long-term activity by our customers on our land. Among other risks to which we are exposed, we are subject to the risk of geographic concentration in the Permian Basin where we compete with other landowners to provide an attractive development site for the limited number of potential customers that seek to develop and/or construct infrastructure or procure resources necessary for their projects and operations. Financial Performance Key to our business model is entering into agreements under which our customers bear substantially all of the operating and capital expenditures related to their operations, while requiring only modest capital investment by us. As a result, we are able to grow our revenues, net income and Adjusted EBITDA while maintaining relatively high Free Cash Flow. Our success in signing new commercial agreements through the active management of our land combined with the strength of our existing contracts and our proactive land acquisition strategy has resulted in significant growth in our business. Although we believe that we have been successful in growing our business, the 1918 Ranch Acquisition required significant capital expenditure and, as of December 31, 2025, we had $570.7 million of total debt outstanding, with working capital, defined as current 16 assets less current liabilities, of $47.5 million, and cash and cash equivalents of $30.7 million. For more information, see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources. ” Our Relationship with WaterBridge We share a management team and financial sponsor with WaterBridge. WaterBridge owns and operates one of the largest integrated water midstream systems in the United States, providing water sourcing and produced water handling in key oil and natural gas producing basins in Texas, New Mexico and Oklahoma. WaterBridge’s key customers include Devon Energy, Permian Resources, BPX Energy, Chevron, EOG Resources, APA Corporation, Vital Energy, ConocoPhillips, San Mateo Midstream and Mewbourne Oil Company. As of December 31, 2025, WaterBridge handled approximately 2.5 million bpd of aggregate produced water and had approximately 4.8 million bpd of aggregate handling capacity, in each case across its aggregate areas of operation. WaterBridge has the right to construct produced water infrastructure on our Stateline and Northern Positions and is one of our largest customers, representing 25% of our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2025. These revenues consist of produced water handling fees, skim oil royalties, solid waste disposal and reclamation facility royalties and fees associated with rights of way for pipelines, equipment and roads and related surface use permits. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated $50.5 million of revenues from WaterBridge. For every 100,000 bpd of incremental produced water that WaterBridge brings onto our surface, we expect to generate royalty fees of $4.0 million to $6.0 million per year, including skim oil royalties. The shared management team between LandBridge and WaterBridge facilitates our common goal of capitalizing on energy production in the Permian Basin through a mutually beneficial relationship. Additionally, our shared management team’s visibility into oil and natural gas production and long-term trends in the Permian Basin as a result of WaterBridge’s platform allows us to facilitate development of infrastructure in certain premier locations, thus capturing additional revenue streams. In the Permian Basin, WaterBridge is primarily focused on building and operating integrated water networks to provide operational continuity for its upstream customers. WaterBridge’s integrated systems provide continuous handling capacity for water produced in connection with production operations. WaterBridge’s network provides operational redundancy, customer flow assurance and recycling and redelivery across its entire Permian Basin footprint. Within the Delaware Basin, WaterBridge has approximately 2,500 miles of pipeline with 4.2 million bpd of water handling capacity, as of December 31, 2025. In particular, as of December 31, 2025, WaterBridge operates an integrated water network on our land with approximately 1.5 million bpd of existing water handling capacity, primarily on our Stateline Position, and has approximately 3.2 million bpd of additional permitted capacity available for future development on our land. Additionally, WaterBridge operates two waste management facilities on our land for the reclamation and disposal of non-hazardous oilfield waste. We receive a percentage of gross revenue from solid waste disposal and reclamation operations, as well as revenue from providing brackish water for landfill operations. 17 In addition, the Stateline AMI provides WaterBridge the certainty necessary to develop large-scale water infrastructure assets on our land, which we believe provides WaterBridge with greater water sourcing and handling opportunities and will generate additional royalty revenue for us. A map of WaterBridge’s assets in the Delaware Basin, as of December 31, 2025 is shown in the graphic below. Our Relationship with Five Point Five Point is a private equity and infrastructure investor focused on investments within the North American water management, surface management, powered land and sustainable infrastructure sectors. Five Point acquires and develops in-basin assets, provides growth capital and builds industry-leading companies with experienced management teams and large E&P partners. Five Point indirectly owns a majority of our common shares, a majority of WaterBridge’s common shares and 50% of Powered Land Partners, LLC (“PowLan”), a joint venture between a third-party developer and funds affiliated with Five Point for the development of a data center on our land. Please see “— Material Contracts and Marketing ” below for more information on our relationship with PowLan. Customers; Material Contracts and Marketing Customers We have a diverse customer base consisting primarily of businesses that develop and produce oil and natural gas or provide services in support of oil and natural gas production. Our customers are generally large, well-capitalized businesses that have strong credit ratings. For the year ended December 31, 2025: • our five largest customers, which consisted of WaterBridge, VTX Energy, ConocoPhillips, EOG Resources and Occidental Petroleum comprised 59% of total revenue; and • 36% of total revenue was from customers with an investment grade credit rating. Our revenue-generating agreements with WaterBridge include water facilities agreements and related SUAs, including easements and rights-of-way, pursuant to which WaterBridge has constructed and operates produced water handling facilities and fresh water facilities on our land. See “ —Material Contracts and Marketing ” for further information on our agreements with WaterBridge. The majority of our revenues from WaterBridge during the year ended December 31, 2025, were generated by produced water handling royalties, brackish water sales and surface use payments for infrastructure constructed on our lands, with less significant revenues generated by its other land uses. Our agreements with WaterBridge do not contain minimum volume commitments, and our revenues 18 from WaterBridge can fluctuate based on the nature, timing and scope of WaterBridge’s activities on our land. Pricing for our agreements with WaterBridge is consistent with the pricing described under “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — How we Generate Revenue .” Our revenue-generating agreements with VTX Energy include SUAs with VTX Energy and its water midstream affiliate, Supply Water Systems LLC (“SWS”), each with an initial term of 10 years and a perpetual term thereafter, so long as such applicable party conducts operations on Wolf Bone Ranch without cessation of use for a period of twelve consecutive months or more. Pursuant to such SUAs, VTX Energy conducts oil and natural gas development and production activities on Wolf Bone Ranch and SWS conducts produced water handling, recycling and treatment activities on Wolf Bone Ranch, as applicable, from which we receive customary royalties and fees. We also entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which VTX Energy provided a minimum annual revenue commitment of $25.0 million for each of five years beginning December 19, 2024, inclusive of revenues under the VTX Energy and SWS SUAs. The terms and conditions of, and pricing for, our agreements with VTX Energy and its affiliates are consistent with descriptions of such agreements set forth in “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—How We Generate Revenue .” The majority of our revenues from VTX Energy during the year ended December 31, 2025, were generated by surface use royalties, brackish water sales and the minimum annual revenue payment under the letter agreement. Our agreements with VTX Energy can fluctuate based on the nature, timing and scope of VTX Energy’s activities on our land. Our revenue-generating agreements with ConocoPhillips include (i) a water purchase and access agreement with an initial term of 10 years and a perpetual term thereafter, subject to termination for non-use for more than six months, pursuant to which ConocoPhillips operates brackish water wells on our lands and we receive customary royalties for each barrel of brackish water produced from such wells, (ii) brackish water supply agreements, typically on a short-term basis, pursuant to which we sell brackish water to ConocoPhillips to be used primarily in well completions, (iii) SUAs with perpetual terms so long as ConocoPhillips conducts operations thereunder, subject to termination for non-use for more than six months, pursuant to which ConocoPhillips operates produced water recycling and treatment facilities on our land and from which we receive customary royalties and fees, (iv) customary term easements, typically for five- to 10-year terms, subject to early termination for non-use over a specified period of time and (v) customary oil and natural gas mineral leases with perpetual terms so long as ConocoPhillips conducts operations thereunder. The terms and conditions of, and pricing for, our agreements with ConocoPhillips are consistent with the descriptions of such agreements set forth in “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—How We Generate Revenue .” The majority of our revenues from ConocoPhillips during the year ended December 31, 2025, were generated by brackish water sales, produced water handling royalties and oil and gas royalties, with less significant revenues generated by its other land uses. Our agreements with ConocoPhillips do not contain minimum volume commitments, and our revenues from ConocoPhillips can fluctuate based on the nature, timing and scope of ConocoPhillips’ activities on our land. Our revenue-generating agreements with EOG Resources include (i) a sand mine lease with an initial term of three years and a perpetual term thereafter so long as EOG Resources conducts operations thereunder, subject to early termination rights for non-use over six months, pursuant to which EOG Resources constructed and operates a sand mine on our land and from which we receive a per ton royalty for sand extracted and fees for water used in its mining operations, and (ii) an SUA with an initial term of 10 years and an option for EOG Resources to extend for two additional 10-year terms, pursuant to which we receive customary fees for EOG Resources’ development and use of drilling sites, new and existing roads, pipeline easements and surface and subsurface easements. The terms and conditions of, and pricing for, our agreements with EOG Resources are consistent with the descriptions of such agreements set forth in “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—How We Generate Revenue. ” The majority of our revenues from EOG Resources during the year ended December 31, 2025, were generated by resource royalties and brackish water sales, with resource royalties generated during the year ended December 31, 2025, reflecting EOG Resources’ sand mining operation on our surface acreage. We generated less significant revenues from EOG Resources’ other land uses during the year ended December 31, 2025. Our agreements with EOG Resources do not contain minimum volume commitments, although our sand mine lease with EOG Resources contains a nominal minimum yearly royalty payment. Our revenues from EOG Resources can fluctuate based on the nature, timing and scope of EOG Resources’ activities on our land. Our revenue-generating agreements with Occidental Petroleum include (i) brackish water supply agreements, typically on a short-term basis, pursuant to which we sell brackish water to Occidental Petroleum to be used primarily in well completions, (ii) SUAs with perpetual terms so long as Occidental Petroleum conducts operations thereunder, subject to termination for non-use for more than six months, pursuant to which Occidental Petroleum conducts oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities, including produced water recycling and treatment, on our land and from which we receive customary royalties and fees, (iii) customary term easements, typically for five- to 10-year terms, subject to early termination for non-use over a specified period of time and (iv) customary oil and natural gas mineral leases with perpetual terms so long as Occidental Petroleum conducts operations thereunder. The terms and conditions of, and pricing for, our agreements with Occidental Petroleum are consistent with the descriptions of such agreements set forth in “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—How We Generate Revenue .” The majority of our revenues from Occidental Petroleum during the year ended December 31, 2025, were generated by damage payments under SUAs and easements, brackish water sales, produced water handling royalties and oil and gas royalties, with less significant revenues generated by its other land uses. Our agreements with Occidental 19 Petroleum do not contain minimum volume commitments, and our revenues from Occidental Petroleum can fluctuate based on the nature, timing and scope of Occidental Petroleum’s activities on our land. Please see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—How We Generate Revenue ” for further information regarding the ranges of our customary royalties and fees, inclusive of our royalties and fees with WaterBridge, VTX Energy, ConocoPhillips, EOG Resources and Occidental Petroleum. While we would expect to be able to replace these customers, it is possible that the loss of any one of these customers could adversely affect our total revenues and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position, whether in the short or long term. Furthermore, the determination by a customer to initiate or maintain activities on or around our land largely depends on the location of our surface acreage relative to the nature and locations of such customer’s operations and such customer’s need for the use of our land and resources. Our customers generally consist of a limited number of entities operating on and around our acreage in the Delaware Basin. Material Contracts and Marketing We enter into various agreements with our customers in the ordinary course relating to the use of our land and resources and the fees, royalty rates, payment structure and other related terms in our contracts are negotiated on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the surface use of our land, the type of resources extracted, and the amount of use expected to be made of our land and the amount of resources to be produced and/or extracted, among other things. For a discussion regarding general market rates for similar uses of land and resources in our industry and geographic area, please see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—How We Generate Revenue. ” Although our agreements generally do not contain minimum commitment provisions for activities on or around our land, such as brackish water volumes to be purchased, we may include such provisions on an individual basis based on a potential customer’s proposed use of our land and resources. Under our contracts, our customers generally bear liability for environmental, health and safety risks, through indemnification of the Company, mandated insurance coverage and covenants and representations regarding environmental, health and safety compliance for all such risks, in each case, related to their operations on our land. Further, our contracts include inspection rights such that we may enter and oversee certain activities on our properties to monitor our customers’ compliance with environmental, health and safety requirements, and, following completion of the term of our agreements, our customers typically must remediate our land as close as is reasonably practicable to its state prior to such customers’ activities on the land. • For a description of our SURAs, see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Sources of Revenue—Surface Use Royalties and Revenues—Surface Use Royalties. ” • For a description of our SUAs, see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Sources of Revenue—Surface Use Royalties and Revenues—Easements and Surface-Related Revenues. ” • For a description of our water supply agreements, see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Sources of Revenue—Surface Use Royalties and Revenues—Resource Sales. ” • For a description of our sand lease agreements, see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Sources of Revenue—Surface Use Royalties and Revenues—Resource Sales. ” In addition, we are a party to various agreements with affiliates relating to the use of our land and its resources, including: • a produced water facilities agreement granting WaterBridge the exclusive right to construct, own and operate new produced water handling infrastructure on the western portion of our Stateline Position, with an initial term of approximately five years and automatic one-year renewals unless terminated by a party prior to renewal. We are paid a royalty for each barrel of produced water transported across our lands subject to the agreement, surface use payments in respect of its infrastructure constructed and operated on our surface acreage subject to the agreement and a percentage of the net proceeds received by WaterBridge for the sale of skim oil recovered on our land subject to the agreement. Surface use payments are based on market rates and subject to annual redetermination by us in our reasonable discretion, taking into account market rates for similar payments in the immediate vicinity of our land. The agreement provides for automatic annual increases in royalties after a specified period of time that are tied to the lesser of the CPI and a fixed percentage, and mutual termination rights in the event of a counterparty default and contains standard confidentiality, indemnification, insurance and change of control provisions; • a produced water facilities agreement granting WaterBridge the right to construct, own and operate produced water handling infrastructure on the East Stateline Ranch, the Lea County Ranches, the Speed Ranch and all future land acquired by us in our 20 Stateline and Northern Positions, with (i) a perpetual term on the East Stateline Ranch for so long as WaterBridge conducts operations thereon and (ii) an initial term of approximately ten years and automatic one-year renewals unless terminated by a party prior to renewal for all other lands. Under the agreement, WaterBridge has the exclusive right to construct and operate up to 30 produced water handling facilities at specified locations. WaterBridge also has the exclusive right to handle produced water volumes generated from oil and gas development and production on the East Stateline Ranch, subject to customary exclusions and pre-existing third-party rights. WaterBridge has the non-exclusive right to operate produced water infrastructure on all other lands subject to the agreement. We are paid a royalty for each barrel of produced water transported by WaterBridge across our land subject to the agreement, a royalty for each barrel of produced water treated and sold by WaterBridge from a recycling facility on our land subject to the agreement, surface use payments in respect of WaterBridge’s infrastructure constructed and operated on our surface acreage subject to the agreement and a percentage of the net proceeds received by WaterBridge for the sale of skim oil recovered on our land subject to the agreement. Surface use payments are based on market rates and subject to annual redetermination by us in our reasonable discretion, taking into account market rates for similar payments in the immediate vicinity of our land. The agreement provides for automatic annual increases in royalties after a specified period of time that are tied to the lesser of CPI and a fixed percentage, and mutual termination rights in the event of a counterparty default and contains standard confidentiality, indemnification, insurance and change of control provisions; • a fresh water facilities agreement granting WaterBridge the right to construct, own and operate brackish water infrastructure on the East Stateline Ranch, the Lea County Ranches, the Speed Ranch and all future land acquired by us in our Stateline and Northern Positions, with (i) a perpetual term on the East Stateline Ranch for so long as WaterBridge conducts operations thereon and (ii) an initial term of approximately ten years and automatic one-year renewals unless terminated by a party prior to renewal for all other lands. WaterBridge has the exclusive right to market and sell brackish water produced from the East Stateline Ranch to third parties for use in oil and natural gas operations, subject to customary exclusions and pre-existing third-party rights. WaterBridge has the non-exclusive right to operate brackish water infrastructure on all other lands subject to the agreement for use in oil and natural gas operations. We may grant third parties the right to transport brackish water across the lands subject to the agreement, including the East Stateline Ranch. We are paid a royalty for each barrel of brackish water produced by WaterBridge from, or transported by WaterBridge across, our land subject to the agreement, a percentage of the net proceeds for each barrel of brackish water produced by WaterBridge from our land subject to the agreement and sold for use off of our land and surface use payments in respect of WaterBridge’s infrastructure constructed and operated on our land subject to the agreement. Surface use payments are based on market rates and subject to annual redetermination by us in our reasonable discretion, taking into account market rates for similar payments in the immediate vicinity of our land. The agreement provides for automatic annual increases in royalties after a specified period of time that are tied to the lesser of CPI and a fixed percentage, and mutual termination rights in the event of a counterparty default and contains standard confidentiality, indemnification, insurance and change of control provisions; • a surface lease and use agreement granting WaterBridge the non-exclusive right to construct, own and operate produced water handling infrastructure on the Wolf Bone Ranch, with an initial term of 10 years and the option for WaterBridge to renew for additional 10-year terms in return for one-time renewal payments. We are paid a royalty for each barrel of produced water handled on our lands subject to the agreement and surface use payments in respect of produced water handling infrastructure constructed and operated on our surface acreage subject to the agreement. Surface use payments are based on market rates and subject to redetermination by us from time-to-time in our commercially reasonable discretion, taking into account market rates for similar payments in the immediate vicinity of our land. The agreement provides for mutual termination rights in the event of a counterparty default and contains standard confidentiality, indemnification, insurance and change of control provisions; • a lease development agreement for the development of a data center and related facilities on approximately 2,000 acres of our land in Reeves County, Texas with PowLan. PowLan is obligated to meet certain timing milestones to maintain its lease, including the commencement of site development within a two-year period and the construction of the data center within a subsequent four-year period. To the extent PowLan does not commence site development within two years of entry into the lease development agreement or commence construction of the data center within a subsequent four-year period, the agreement will automatically terminate. The lease development agreement includes, among other things, a non-refundable deposit and a two-year site selection and pre-development period; and • surface use agreements with WaterBridge, each with an initial term of 10 years and automatic one-year renewals unless terminated by either party prior to renewal, pursuant to which we have granted certain exclusive rights to construct, operate and maintain non-hazardous waste management facilities on our land and we receive a percentage of gross revenue from solid waste disposal and reclamation, as well as additional revenue from providing water for landfill operations and fees for surface damages, which surface damage payments are based on market rates and subject to annual redetermination by us in our reasonable discretion, taking into account market rates for similar payments in the immediate vicinity of our land. Each party is required to purchase all dirt, gravel and similar materials utilized in connection with such facilities on our land, as well as for all brackish water, from us. These agreements contain standard confidentiality, indemnification, insurance and change of control provisions. 21 We are also party to lease arrangements with respect to a portion of our oil and natural gas mineral interests. See “ —Our Assets—Mineral Interests ” and “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Oil and Gas Royalties. ” In addition to continuing to capitalize on existing agreements and relationships, we intend to pursue and acquire new commercial arrangements in an effort to develop and diversify our revenue streams. As such, we are currently pursuing arrangements, or have agreed to certain arrangements, relating to solar power generation, power storage, microgrids, cryptocurrency mining and data centers, non-hazardous oilfield reclamation and solid waste facilities and commercial fueling stations, among other revenue streams. Similar to the other operations conducted on our land, we expect to enter into surface use or similar agreements with the owners of these projects from which we expect to receive surface use fees and other payments in connection with the utilization of our land, but we would not own or operate such projects or expect to incur significant capital expenditures in connection therewith. Infrastructure In order to use our surface acreage to, among other things, support all stages of energy development and production to supply growing global demand, we have entered into various SUAs through which our customers have built and own or are developing infrastructure on our land, including oil, natural gas and produced water gathering pipelines, recycled water pipelines, produced water handling facilities, water recycling ponds, sand mines, non-hazardous oilfield reclamation and solid waste facilities, a data center and a cryptocurrency facility, as of December 31, 2025. We also own brackish water wells and ponds on our land. In addition to the above infrastructure, improvements with respect to permanent electrical infrastructure, including telecommunication lines, drilling pad sites, roads and landfills, among other things, have been made on our land that improve reliability and lower operating costs for our customers. Although infrastructure with the ability to increase revenue-generating activities is already present on our surface acreage, we believe that our land presents a multitude of additional opportunities for further commercialization and optimization, including coordinating with potential customers to construct infrastructure relating to power storage, water treatment facilities, hydrogen production and carbon capture and sequestration. Cyclical Nature of Oil and Natural Gas Industry The oil and natural gas industry is a highly cyclical industry. Demand for the use of our land and its resources depends substantially on activity levels by producers on and around our land. Prevailing commodity prices and future demand for, and price of, oil and natural gas and volatility in oil or natural gas prices (or the perception that oil or natural gas prices will decrease) affects such producers’ capital expenditures and willingness to pursue development activities. As such, the willingness of our producers to engage in drilling activities on and around our land is substantially influenced by the market prices of oil and natural gas. Producers tend to increase capital expenditures in response to increases in oil and natural gas prices, which would generally be expected to result in greater revenues for us. Increased capital expenditures can also lead to greater production, which historically has resulted in increased supplies of oil and natural gas that can, in turn, reduce prices thereby leading to a reduction in activity levels. For these reasons, the results of our operations may be cyclical and may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and from year to year, and these fluctuations may distort comparisons of results across periods. Seasonality While our business is not necessarily seasonal in nature, revenue from the use of our land and its resources may fluctuate over certain reporting periods due to fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas. Generally, but not always, the demand for natural gas, as well as associated production, decreases during the summer months and increases during the winter months, thereby affecting the amount we receive in association with natural gas production and related activities on our land. Seasonal anomalies, such as mild winters or hotter than normal summers, may lessen this fluctuation. Demand for oil has generally not been seasonal. Our other revenue streams, including sales of brackish water, payments from SUAs and other surface related revenue and sales of resources, may also vary from period to period due to seasonal changes in supply and demand, and a variety of additional seasonal factors that are beyond our control and the control of producers on or around our land. Our results and business are significantly dependent on our customers and their activities on our land, which are beyond our control. Weather conditions in the Permian Basin generally result in higher drilling activity in the spring, summer and fall months, although summer and fall drilling activity can be restricted due to severe weather conditions. In the fourth quarter, due to inclement weather and the exhaustion of annual drilling and completion capital expenditure budgets, drilling activity typically declines in the Permian Basin. As a result, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may vary year over year, with particular periods of results not necessarily indicative of our future results. 22 Human Capital Resources We manage our operations through a shared services agreement (the “Shared Services Agreement”) with certain affiliates of WaterBridge (the “Manager”). Pursuant to the Shared Services Agreement, the Manager provides us with the services of our senior executive management team and certain management services, as well as general, administrative, overhead and operating services to support our business and development activities, including by making available five full-time personnel exclusively providing field services on our surface acreage and five full-time corporate services personnel exclusively providing corporate services to us. Pursuant to the Shared Services Agreement, the Manager also provides operational and maintenance services, such as project and construction management, and provides operating materials and equipment. Because our customers construct and operate almost all of the infrastructure installed on our acreage, we expect to maintain a minimal number of dedicated personnel. As of December 31, 2025, we did not directly employ any employees. Due to our Shared Services Agreement, our business and the success thereof is dependent, in part, on the Manager’s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. As part of the Manager’s efforts to hire and retain highly qualified employees, the Manager has structured competitive compensation and benefits programs that reward outstanding performance. In addition to the incentive programs in place for our named executive officers, the Manager has structured an incentive bonus program for employees that is dependent on an employee’s individual performance. Certain employees of the Manager who make material contributions to our success may also receive restricted share units and/or other equity-based incentive awards to encourage retention and align compensation with our performance. The Manager provides a comprehensive benefits package, including 401(k) contributions, medical insurance options and programs to encourage and support employee development. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages. In general, we believe that our personnel relations are positive. Personnel Health and Safety Safety is important to us and begins with the protection and safety of the personnel who provide services with respect to our business and the communities in which we operate. We value people above all else and remain committed to making safety and health a top priority. We strive to comply with all applicable health and safety laws and regulations and continually seek to maintain and deepen our safety culture by providing a safe working environment that encourages active personnel engagement, including implementing safety programs and continuing education policies to achieve improvements in our safety culture. We intend to continue to develop and administer policies to promote our organizational goals and improve and maintain the safety of our workspace. Competition The market in which we operate is competitive due to the location of our land in the Permian Basin in Texas and New Mexico and to the services in which we offer our customers. Given our geographic concentration in the Permian Basin, we compete with existing landowners in the area to provide an attractive development site for the limited number of potential customers that seek to develop and/or construct infrastructure in Texas and New Mexico to support their various business activities. We also compete with such landowners over the limited supply of, and demand for, resources, including brackish water, in the area. Furthermore, to the extent any new property owner purchases land located in areas comparable to our surface acreage, such property owner could be a potential competitor. As we continue to grow our business and enter into new business lines, including with respect to renewable energy, non-hazardous oilfield reclamation and solid waste facilities and other revenue streams, we will experience increasing levels of competition. Competition in our current market is based primarily on the geographic location of land, business reputation, pricing arrangements for the use of the land and its resources and legal and regulatory restrictions, among other factors. Although some of our competitors may have a broader geographic scope, longer operating history and greater financial and other resources than we have, we believe that we are competitively well-positioned due to the premier location of our land, which also provides a multitude of resources and uses, the reliability of our assets and our customer relationships, such as our symbiotic relationship with WaterBridge. Insurance We maintain insurance coverage at levels that we believe are reasonable and prudent; however, as is customary in our industry, we do not insure fully against all risks associated with our business, either because such insurance is not available or because premium costs are considered prohibitive. We may not be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates or on other terms we consider commercially reasonable and our actual coverage may not insure against many types of interruptions or events that might occur. In addition, the proceeds of any such insurance may not be paid in a timely manner and may be insufficient if a loss event were to occur. The occurrence of such an event, the consequences of which are either not covered by insurance or not fully insured, or a significant delay in, or denial of, the payment of a major insurance claim, could have a materially and adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our arrangements with our customers operating on our land require the maintenance of certain levels of insurance and such customers’ indemnification of us to protect for such events occurring with respect to their operations. 23 Regulation of Environmental and Occupational Safety and Health Matters Our customers’ business operations are subject to numerous environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations that may be imposed at the federal, regional, state and local levels. The activities that our customers conduct in the course of oil and natural gas exploration and production, produced water handling, sand mining, and other activities are subject to or may become subject to stringent environmental regulation. Our customers are responsible for compliance with various environmental laws and regulations in the course of their operations. Although we generally have the right to inspect our properties and the activities thereon, we typically do not have any control with respect to such activities. For properties in which we hold mineral or royalty interests, we generally are not subject to direct environmental liability because we do not own, operate, or otherwise have control over any of the equipment, facilities, or operations occurring on such properties. However, with respect to land owned by us and leased to a customer, we may be subject to strict, joint and several liability for any spills or contamination on those properties, even though we generally have no control over operations on properties. For further information, see “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, and other business partners, are subject to damage or interruption from cyberattacks, power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, catastrophic events, such as natural disasters or acts of war or terrorism, usage errors by our employees or other personnel, and other events unforeseen or generally beyond our control. Damage or interruption to information technology systems could result in significant costs and may lead to significant liability, loss of critical data, reputational damage, and disruptions to services or operations. Threats to information technology systems associated with cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents or attacks continue to grow. Cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks, have increased in frequency globally, with energy-related assets particularly at risk. Due to the critical nature of these assets, any such attack on energy infrastructure could result in widespread service disruptions and challenges in maintaining public trust. The U.S. government has issued public warnings that specifically indicate energy assets could be targets of cybersecurity threats. Our technologies and systems, networks, and those of our customers, affiliates, vendors and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized access, release, gathering, monitoring, corruption, misuse, or destruction of proprietary, personal and other information, or other disruption of business operations. Any such event could lead to significant liability, loss of critical data, reputational damage and disruptions to our services or operations. While we have implemented and maintain commercially reasonable security measures and safeguards, such security measures and safeguards may not be sufficient to protect against or effectively mitigate an attack. Attackers are increasingly using advances in technologies, such as artificial intelligence and encryption bypasses that may evade our efforts. Emerging artificial intelligence technologies may improve or expand the capabilities of malicious third parties in a way we cannot predict, including being used to develop new hacking tools, exploit vulnerabilities, obscure malicious activities and increase the difficulty detecting threats. Moreover, some of our networks and systems are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. We regularly enter into transactions with third parties, some of whom may have less sophisticated electronic systems or networks and may be more vulnerable to cyberattacks. Our reliance on these third parties means that any vulnerability in their systems could propagate to our own systems or affect our data, increasing our risk exposure despite our internal controls. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance , ransomware, deepfake-based social engineering attacks, and credential stuffing, may remain undetected for some period of time, and cyber incidents and attacks are continually evolving and unpredictable. As cyber incidents and attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents. While we utilize various procedures and controls to reduce the risk of the occurrence of cyber incidents, there can be no assurance that our business, finances, systems and assets will not be compromised in a cyber incident. Any failure or perceived failure to detect or respond effectively to a cybersecurity incident could lead to significant liability, undermine shareholder and stakeholder trust, and negatively impact business continuity. Furthermore, we are subject to an evolving regulatory landscape, including state, federal, and international data privacy laws that require rigorous cybersecurity standards and standards relating to artificial intelligence. Compliance with various data privacy and cybersecurity regulations may impose significant costs, and any perceived or actual failure to comply could result in regulatory penalties, litigation, and reputational harm. Our future results following our acquisitions will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations. Since our formation, the size of our asset base has increased significantly. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which poses substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of expanded acreage, new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. We may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size of our business. There can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits currently anticipated from our acquisitions. 40 Risks Related to Environmental and Other Regulations Our results of operations, cash flows and financial position are subject to major trends in our industry, such as decarbonization, and may be adversely affected by future developments that are outside of our control. The value of the revenues we receive from the use of our land and resources by our customers is substantially based on the level of oil and natural gas drilling and production activities. Our revenues may be negatively affected by changes driven by trends such as decarbonization efforts. Such changes may relate to the types or sources of energy in demand, such as a shift to renewable sources of power generation (for example, wind and solar), along with ongoing changes in regulatory, investor, customer and consumer policies and preferences. While we intend to pursue these additional opportunities, we may ultimately be unsuccessful. The evolution of global energy sources is affected by factors out of our control, such as the pace of technological developments and related cost considerations, the levels of economic growth in different markets around the world and the adoption of climate change-related policies. In addition, the possibility of taxes on carbon emissions can affect the demand for crude oil and natural gas and the operating costs for producers on or around our land. Legislation or regulatory initiatives intended to address seismic activity, over-pressurization or subsidence could restrict drilling, completion and production activities, as well as WaterBridge’s ability to handle produced water gathered from its customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. WaterBridge handles large volumes of produced water in connection with its customers’ drilling and production operations pursuant to permits issued by governmental authorities overseeing such produced water handling activities. While these permits are issued pursuant to existing laws and regulations, these legal requirements are subject to change, which could result in the imposition of more stringent operating constraints or new monitoring and reporting requirements, owing to, among other things, concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such produced water handling activities. For example, there exists a growing concern that the injection of produced water into certain produced water handling facilities triggers seismic activity in certain areas, including Texas, where a majority of our acreage is located. This has led to the creation of operator-led response plans in certain areas in New Mexico or Texas by the NMOCD and the TRRC, respectively, which can include the TRRC suspending or declining to issue produced water handling permits, restrictions on the amount of material that can be handled, or requiring producers to cease disposal in certain produced water handling facilities. State and federal regulatory agencies have recently focused on a possible connection between hydraulic fracturing related activities, particularly the underground injection of produced water into produced water handling facilities, and the increased occurrence of seismic activity, and regulatory agencies at all levels are continuing to study the possible linkage between oil and natural gas activity and induced seismicity. The U.S. Geological Survey has recently identified Texas and New Mexico as two of six states with the most significant hazards from induced seismicity. In addition, a number of lawsuits have been filed in some states alleging that produced water handling operations have caused seismic events, caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated state and federal rules regulating waste disposal. In response to these concerns, regulators in some states are seeking to impose additional requirements, including requirements regarding produced water handling permits, to assess the relationship between seismicity and the use of such produced water handling facilities. For example, the TRRC has previously published a rule governing permitting or re-permitting of produced water handling facilities that would require, among other things, the submission of information on seismic events occurring within a specified radius of the produced water handling facility location, as well as logs, geologic cross sections and structure maps relating to the water handling area in question. The TRRC has also suspended produced water handling permits and introduced injection volume curtailments within the boundaries of certain Seismic Response Areas (“SRAs”). A significant portion of our acreage in our Northern Position within New Mexico is currently located within SRAs that limit produced water injection into deep formations, which currently only affects one produced water handling facility on our land. There can be no assurance that additional portions of our acreage will not be included in an SRA in the future. Separately, in November 2021, the NMOCD implemented protocols requiring producers to take various actions within a specified proximity of certain seismic activity, including a requirement to limit injection rates if a seismic event of a certain magnitude occurs within a specified radius of a produced water handling facility. Further, on July 11, 2024, the NMOCD announced the administrative cancellation of 75 pending permit applications for UIC Class II wells within the 10-mile County Line SRA, due to the potential for increased seismicity within the area. The adoption and implementation of any new laws or regulations that restrict our customers’ ability to handle produced water gathered from E&P companies, by limiting volumes, disposal rates, produced water handling facility locations or otherwise, or requiring our customers to shut down produced water handling facilities, could limit existing operations and future development activity in affected areas by our customers, including WaterBridge, and reduce their demand for the use of our land and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, hydraulic fracturing related activities have been linked to subsidence and expansion. Both the injection of produced water into produced water facilities and the extraction of water, oil, natural gas, or mineral resources from the ground can result in surface subsidence and uplifts caused by changes underground (such as, but not limited to, loss of volume and pressure depletion). This has been linked to various geo-and environmental hazards, such as alteration of local ecosystems and impacts upon local 41 communities, to include increased seismic activity and the formation of sinkholes. Any new laws or regulations that may be adopted and implemented with respect to addressing subsidence and expansion risks may lead to restrictions upon our customers’ operations, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our reliance on revenue generated from produced water handling activities exposes us to potential regulatory risks. There are unique risks associated with handling produced water, and the legal requirements related to handling produced water into a non-producing geologic formation by means of produced water handling facilities are subject to change based on concerns of the public or governmental authorities. There remains substantial uncertainty regarding the handling of produced water by means of produced water handling facilities, the regulation of which could materially and adversely affect our customers in a manner that cannot be predicted. These include liabilities related to the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release and use of radioactive materials, which could be in produced water, and uncertainties regarding the ultimate, and potential exposure to, technical and financial risks associated with modifying or decommissioning produced water handling facilities. Federal or state regulatory agencies could require the shutdown of produced water handling facilities for safety reasons or refuse to permit the restart of any facility after unplanned or planned outages. New or amended safety and regulatory requirements may give rise to additional operation and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. Additionally, aging equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep produced water infrastructure operating efficiently or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Such equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement in order to maintain compliance. Although the safety record of produced water handling generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred. The consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a major environmental or catastrophic incident could materially and adversely affect our customers and limit their operations on our land. The Endangered Species Act (“ESA”) and Migratory Bird Treaty Act (“MBTA”) govern our and our customers’ operations and additional restrictions may be imposed in the future, which constraints could have an adverse impact on our ability to expand some of our existing operations or limit our customers’ ability to develop new infrastructure on our land. The ESA and comparable state laws restrict activities that may affect endangered or threatened species or their habitats. Similar protections are offered to migratory birds under the MBTA. To the degree that species listed under the ESA or similar state laws, or are protected under the MBTA, live in the areas where we and our customers operate, both our and our customers’ abilities to conduct or expand operations and construct facilities could be limited, or both we and our customers could be forced to incur additional material costs. Additionally, the FWS may make determinations on the listing of unlisted species as endangered or threatened under the ESA. For example, in November 2022, the FWS designated two distinct population segments of the lesser prairie chicken under the ESA, which live in certain areas in southeastern New Mexico and western Texas. The listing decision was challenged by the states of Texas, Kansas and Oklahoma, and various industry groups, with the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas vacating the rule for the northern district population segment in March 2025. In May 2024, the FWS designated the dunes sagebrush lizard under the ESA, which also lives in certain areas in southeastern New Mexico and western Texas. This listing decision is subject to ongoing litigation. The designation of previously unidentified endangered or threatened species could indirectly cause us or our customers to incur additional costs, cause our or our customers’ operations to become subject to operating restrictions or bans and limit future development activity in affected areas, which developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. The results of operations of our customers, as well as producers on or around our land, may be materially impacted by efforts to transition to a lower-carbon economy. Concerns over the risk of climate change have increased the focus by global, regional, national, state and local regulators on GHG emissions, including carbon dioxide emissions, and on transitioning to a lower-carbon future. A number of countries and states have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce GHG emissions. These regulatory measures may include, among others, adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, increased efficiency standards, prohibitions on the sales of new automobiles with internal combustion engines, and incentives or mandates for battery-powered automobiles and/or wind, solar or other forms of alternative energy. These include laws such as the IRA, which appropriated significant federal funding for renewable energy initiatives and amended the CAA to impose a first-time fee on the emission of methane from sources required to report their GHG emissions to the EPA. In May 2024, the EPA issued a final rule to implement the IRA’s methane fee, although in February 2025, Congress repealed the rule under the Congressional Review Act. Additionally, in the OBBBA, Congress delayed the implementation of the methane emission fee until 2034. We cannot predict if the Trump Administration and / or Congress may take further actions with respect to the IRA or the methane emissions fee. Compliance with changes in laws, regulations and obligations relating to climate change could result in increased costs of compliance for our customers on or around our land or costs of consuming oil and natural gas for such products, and thereby reduce demand for the use of our land and resources, which could reduce our profitability. Changes in laws and regulations may also result in delays or increased costs associated with obtaining permits needed for oil and natural gas operations. Additionally, our customers on or around our land could incur reputational risk tied to changing customer or community perceptions of our customers or their customers’ contribution to, or detraction from, the transition to a 42 lower-carbon economy. These changing perceptions could lower demand for oil and natural gas products, resulting in lower prices and lower revenues as consumers avoid carbon-intensive industries, and could also pressure banks and investment managers to shift investments and reduce lending. Separately, banks and other financial institutions, including investors, may decide to adopt policies that restrict or prohibit investment in, or otherwise funding, us or our customers on or around our land based on climate change-related concerns, which could affect our and our customers on or around our land’s access to and cost of capital for potential growth projects. However, this trend has been declining recently. Additionally, insurers may decide to raise rates and/or cease insuring us or our customers on or around our land based on climate change-related concerns. Approaches to climate change and transition to a lower-carbon economy, including government regulation, company policies, and consumer behavior, are continuously evolving. While we intend to pursue opportunities related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful. At this time, we cannot predict how such approaches may develop or otherwise reasonably or reliably estimate their impact on us or our customers’ financial condition, results of operations and ability to compete. However, any long-term material adverse effect on the oil and natural gas industry may affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Climate variability may cause increased volatility in weather and may impact water usage and related revenue. The issue of climate variability is receiving increasing attention nationally and worldwide. There is consensus among climate scientists that there will be worsening of weather volatility in the future associated with climate variability. Many climate variability predictions present several potential challenges to the energy industry, including brackish water sales and water services related to oil and natural gas production, such as: • increased frequency and duration of droughts; • challenges associated with changes in temperature; • potential degradation of water quality; • decreases in available water supply and changes in water usage patterns; • increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events; • increases in disruptions in service; or • increased costs to reduce risks associated with the increasing frequency and severity of natural events, including to improve the resiliency and reliability of the infrastructure and systems necessary for customers’ water services. Because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict its potential impact on our or our customers’ business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. This, in turn, could lead to lower demand, rates and utilization for the use of our land and resources, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. Furthermore, laws and regulations have been enacted that seek to reduce or limit GHG emissions and require additional reporting and monitoring, and these regulations may become more pervasive or stringent in light of changing governmental agendas and priorities, although the exact nature and timing of these changes is uncertain. There can be no assurance that we or our customers would be able to recover any expenditures or costs associated with the impact of climate variability and related laws and regulations on a timely basis, or at all. Increased investor attention to sustainability-related matters may impact our or our customers’ business. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their sustainability practices. Companies that do not adapt to or comply with investor or stakeholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or which are perceived to have not responded appropriately to sustainability issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and the business, financial condition, and/or stock price of such a company could be materially and adversely affected. Increased attention to climate change, increasing and sometimes conflicting societal expectations on companies to address climate change, and potential consumer use of substitutes to energy commodities may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our customers’ products and services, lower demand for the use of our land and resources, reduced profits, increased governmental investigations and litigation against us. Moreover, certain institutional investors have announced plans to transition their portfolios to net-zero GHG emissions over the next two to three decades as part of a commitment to combat climate change. This has, and will likely continue to result in some (and 43 perhaps a growing number of) institutions removing from their portfolios the shares of companies that do not meet their minimum investment standards. Further, in some cases, banks and other capital providers are reassessing their capital allocation to our or our customers’ industries or making their participation uncertain. Any divestment or limitation of future investment in companies involved in the development, production, transportation and utilization of fossil fuels may adversely affect the price of our shares and limit our access to the debt and equity markets for capital to fund our growth. Moreover, while we may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding sustainability matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are based on expectations and assumptions or hypothetical scenarios that may be incorrect or may change with the passage of time. Such expectations and assumptions or hypothetical scenarios are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many sustainability matters. Additionally, voluntary disclosures regarding sustainability matters, as well as any sustainability disclosures mandated by law, could result in litigation or government investigations or enforcement action regarding the sufficiency or validity of such disclosures. In addition, failure or a perception (whether or not valid) of failure to adequately pursue or implement sustainability strategies or achieve sustainability goals or commitments, which are often aspirational, including any GHG reduction or neutralization goals or commitments, could result in litigation and damage our reputation, cause our investors or consumers to lose confidence in us, or otherwise negatively impact our operations. Moreover, even if we voluntarily elect to pursue climate or sustainability goals, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to pursue or implement such goals because of potential costs, technical or operational obstacles, uncertainty in long-term assumptions and expectations or other market or technological developments beyond our control. Similarly, we cannot guarantee that participation in any sustainability or, climate-related certification program or framework will have the intended results on our sustainability profile. In addition, certain organizations that provide proxy advisory services to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed rating and proxy voting recommendation processes for evaluating companies on their approach to sustainability matters. Such ratings and proxy advisory services are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Additionally, certain investors use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with companies to require improved sustainability disclosure or performance. While such ratings do not impact all investors’ investment or voting decisions, unfavorable sustainability ratings may lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us or our customers and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our share price and/or our access to and costs of capital. Furthermore, certain public statements with respect to sustainability matters, such as emissions reduction goals, other environmental targets, or other commitments addressing certain social issues, are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities related to the risk of potential “greenwashing” (i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential sustainability benefits). For example, the SEC has taken enforcement action against companies for sustainability-related misconduct, including alleged greenwashing. Certain regulators, such as the SEC and various state agencies, as well as non-governmental organizations and other private actors have also filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain sustainability-statements, goals, or standards were misleading, false, or otherwise deceptive. Any alleged claims of greenwashing against us or others in our industry may lead to further negative sentiment and diversion of investments. We could also face increasing costs as we attempt to comply with and navigate further regulatory sustainability-related focus and scrutiny. Additionally, certain employment practices and social initiatives are the subject of scrutiny by both those calling for the continued advancement of such policies, as well as those who believe they should be curbed, including government actors, and the complex regulatory and legal frameworks applicable to such initiatives continue to evolve. We cannot be certain of the impact of such regulatory, legal and other developments on our business. More recent political developments could mean that the Company faces increasing criticism or litigation risks from certain “anti-sustainability” parties, including various governmental agencies. 44 Our customers’ operations on our land may be exposed to significant delays, costs and liabilities as a result of environmental, health and safety requirements, and we may be subject to strict, as well as joint and several liability, for contamination resulting from such operations pursuant to such requirements, even if we do not have control over such operations. The occurrence of any such delays, costs and liabilities may materially and adversely affect our customers’ business, operations or financial condition, which could reduce the demand for the use of our land and its resources, as well as the royalties and other payments we receive therefrom, and thereby materially affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. E&P activities, sand mining, produced water handling, oilfield reclamation, solid waste facilities, landfills and other operations on our land are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety requirements. Our customers may incur significant delays, costs and liabilities as a result of federal, state and local environmental, health and safety requirements applicable to their activities on our land. These laws and regulations may require our customers to obtain and maintain a variety of permits, approvals, certificates or other authorizations that govern air emissions, water discharges, waste disposal or other environmental impacts associated with drilling, production and transporting oil and natural gas or other operations; regulate the sourcing and disposal of water used in the drilling, fracturing and completion processes; limit or prohibit drilling activities in certain areas and on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, frontier, seismically active areas and other protected areas; require remedial action to prevent or mitigate pollution from former operations such as plugging abandoned wells or closing earthen pits; and/or impose substantial liabilities for spills, pollution or failure to comply with regulatory filings. In addition, these laws and regulations may restrict the rate of oil or natural gas production. These laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become increasingly stringent over time. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, the suspension or revocation of necessary permits, licenses and authorizations, the requirement that additional pollution controls be installed, and, in some instances, the issuance of orders or injunctions limiting or requiring discontinuation of certain operations, in each case, which could materially and adversely affect our customers’ operations on our land. Additionally, any failure to comply could result in negative sentiment toward our customers’ business and others in the industry. Moreover, under certain environmental laws that impose strict as well as joint and several liability, we may be required to remediate contaminated properties owned by us even if a customer’s operations caused the contamination. In addition, our customers may be liable for the remediation of contamination at currently or formerly operated facilities and facilities of third parties that received waste generated by our customers’ operations, regardless of whether such contamination resulted from the conduct of others or from consequences of actions that were in compliance with all applicable environmental laws at the time those actions were taken. In addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and safety impacts of the operations of our customers. While we seek to mitigate any potential liability we may have through indemnification, customary insurance policies and remediation activities, in each case, required under our contracts, as well as reliance on state funded programs (such as the TRRC’s Orphan Well Program) for coverage of plugging and abandonment liabilities if any of our customers declared bankruptcy or if our insurance policies did not fully cover such liabilities, we may not be fully protected. Additionally, although we generally have rights to inspect our property and the operations thereon, we may not become aware of all environmental, health and safety matters. Moreover, public interest in the protection of the environment has tended to increase over time. The trend of more expansive and stringent environmental legislation and regulations applied to extractive industries such as those our customers engage in could continue resulting in increased costs of doing business and consequently affecting profitability. To the extent laws are enacted or other governmental actions are taken that restrict drilling or impose more stringent and costly operating, waste handling, disposal and cleanup requirements, our customers’ operations could face increased costs and potential curtailment of operations, which consequently could indirectly materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition We may be unable to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and financial commitments and any future indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. As of December 31, 2025, we had $570.7 million of total debt outstanding. Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance, our indebtedness and financial commitments depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions including financial, business and other factors beyond our control, and may vary significantly from year to year. As a result, the amount of debt that we can manage in some periods may not be appropriate for us in other periods and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. Any insufficiency may impact our business. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt and other obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek to raise additional capital or refinance or restructure our indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of indebtedness could be on unfavorable terms, including at higher interest rates, and may require us to comply with more restrictive 45 covenants. The terms of our existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. We cannot assure you that any refinancing or restructuring would be possible, that any assets, including land, could be sold or that, if sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales would be favorable to us or that additional financing could be obtained on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, any failure to service our debt, including paying interest or principal on a timely basis, would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, if any, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In addition, if we fail to comply with the covenants or other terms of any agreements governing our debt, our lenders will have the right to accelerate the maturity of that debt and foreclose upon the collateral, if any, securing that debt. Our indebtedness could have important consequences for you and significant effects on our business, including: • increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and limiting our ability to address such changes; • requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund general company and other purposes, including dividend payments; • restricting us from exploiting business opportunities and making strategic land acquisitions; • making it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including payments on our indebtedness, and contractual and commercial commitments; • disadvantaging us when compared to our competitors that have less debt; • complying with covenants contained in the documents governing such indebtedness may require us to meet or maintain certain financial tests, which may affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in our industry, such as being able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities when they arise; and • increasing our borrowing costs or otherwise limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for the execution of our business strategy. Finally, the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness limit our ability to incur additional debt, but such agreements do not prohibit us from doing so. As a result, we could incur more indebtedness in the future, which would exacerbate the foregoing risks. We are subject to interest rate risk, which may cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025 was 6.13% . Borrowings under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. The weighted average interest rate on our borrowings outstanding under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025 was 6.13%. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even if the amount borrowed remained the same, and we would be required to devote more of our cash flow to servicing our indebtedness. In March 2022, the Federal Reserve began, and continued through 2023, to raise interest rates in an effort to curb inflation. Although the Federal Reserve made cuts to benchmark interest rates, to the extent such rates remain elevated or are increased as a result of inflationary pressures or otherwise, we may continue to experience further financing cost increases if interest rates on borrowings, credit facilities and debt offerings increase, as compared to previous levels. Changes in interest rates, either positive or negative, may also affect the yield requirements of investors who invest in our Class A shares, and the elevated interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on the price of our Class A shares, or our ability to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes. Changes to applicable tax laws and regulations, exposure to additional income tax liabilities, changes in our effective tax rates or an assessment of taxes resulting from an examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position, including our ability to repay our debt. We are subject to various complex and evolving U.S. federal, state and local taxes. U.S. federal, state and local tax laws, policies, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect, and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position, including our ability to repay our debt. The passage of any tax legislation or similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Changes in our effective tax rates or tax liabilities could also adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 46 • changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; • expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; • expansion into future activities in new jurisdictions; • the availability of tax deductions, credits, exemptions, refunds and other benefits to reduce tax liabilities; and • tax effects of share-based compensation. In addition, an adverse outcome arising from an examination of our income or other tax returns could result in higher tax exposure, penalties, interest or other liabilities that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. If we fail to comply with the restrictions and covenants in the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture or our future debt agreements, there could be an event of default under the terms of such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of payment. A breach of compliance with any restriction or covenant in the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture or any of our future debt agreements could result in a default under the terms of the applicable agreement, and our ability to comply with such restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with these restrictions and covenants. A default could result in acceleration of the indebtedness and a declaration of all amounts borrowed due and payable, which could have an adverse effect on us and negatively impact our ability to borrow. If an acceleration occurs, we may be unable to make all of the required payments and may be unable to find alternative financing. Even if alternative financing were available at that time, it may not be on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Additionally, we may not be able to amend the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility or such future agreements governing our indebtedness or obtain necessary waivers on satisfactory terms. Our obligations under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and various guarantees. The amounts borrowed pursuant to the terms of the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our and our subsidiaries’ present and after-acquired assets. Additionally, our obligations under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility are jointly and severally guaranteed by us and our material subsidiaries. As a result of the above, in the event of the occurrence of a default under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility, the administrative agent may enforce its security interests (for the ratable benefit of the lenders under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility and the other secured parties) over our and/or our subsidiaries’ assets that secure the obligations under the 2025 Revolving Credit Facility, take control of our assets and business, force us to seek bankruptcy protection, or force us to curtail or abandon our current business plans. If that were to happen, you may lose all, or a part of, your investment in our Class A shares. We do not currently have in place hedging agreements with respect to oil and natural gas production from our acreage, and we will be exposed to the impact of decreases in the price of oil and natural gas. We do not currently have in place hedging arrangements to establish, in advance, a price for the sale of the oil and natural gas produced from our acreage. As a result, although we may realize the benefit of any short-term increase in the price of oil and natural gas, we will not be protected against decreases in the price or prolonged periods of low oil and natural prices, which, in combination with all of our acreage being located solely in the Permian Basin, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Any future price hedging strategy and future hedging transactions will be determined at our discretion. If we enter into hedging arrangements in the future, it may limit our ability to realize the benefit of rising prices and may result in hedging losses. Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure and Our Class A Shares Maintaining the requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, will increase demands on our resources, increase our costs and divert management’s attention, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. As a public company, we must comply with new laws, regulations and requirements, certain corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, related regulations of the SEC and the NYSE and NYSE Texas rules. Complying with these statutes, regulations and requirements occupy a significant amount of time of our board of directors and management and significantly increase our costs and expenses. We are continuing our efforts to: 47 • institute a more comprehensive compliance function; • comply with rules promulgated by the NYSE and NYSE Texas; • continue to prepare and distribute periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws; • institute and enforce new internal policies, such as those relating to insider trading; and • involve and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the above activities. We are required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. As of December 31, 2025, we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. As such, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and we are required to disclose, to the extent material, changes made in our internal control over financial reporting on a quarterly basis. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed. Compliance with these requirements will increase demands on our resources, increase our costs and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. In addition, being a public company subject to these rules and regulations has increased our director and officer liability insurance expenses and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage in the future. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. If we experience any material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Class A shares. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results will be harmed. We are required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We will take steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting during the evaluation and testing process, we may be unable to conclude that our internal controls are effective. If we are unable to confirm that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our Class A shares to decline. Our ability to continue to pay dividends to our shareholders may be limited by our holding company structure, contractual restrictions and regulatory requirements. We are a holding company and will have no material assets other than our equity interest in OpCo, and we do not have any independent means of generating revenue. To the extent OpCo has available cash we intend to cause OpCo to make (i) generally pro rata distributions to all holders (“OpCo Unitholders”) of limited liability interests in OpCo (“OpCo Units”), including us, in an amount at least sufficient to allow us to pay taxes, (ii) additional distributions in an amount generally intended to allow the OpCo Unitholders (other than us) to satisfy their respective income tax liabilities with respect to their allocable share of the income of OpCo (based on certain assumptions and conventions), which additional distributions may be made on a pro rata basis to all OpCo Unitholders (including us) or a non-pro rata basis to OpCo Unitholders (other than us) in redemption of OpCo Units from such holders and (iii) non-pro rata distributions to us in an amount sufficient to cover our public company and other overhead expenses. In addition, as the sole managing member of OpCo, we intend to cause OpCo to make pro rata distributions to all of its unitholders, including to us, in an amount sufficient to allow us to fund dividends to our shareholders in accordance with our dividend policy, to the extent our board of directors declares such dividends. OpCo is a distinct legal entity and may be subject to legal or contractual restrictions that, under certain circumstances, may limit our ability to obtain cash from it. If OpCo is unable to make distributions, we may not receive adequate distributions, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, financial position and ability to fund any dividends. 48 Although we intend to continue to pay dividends on our Class A shares, we are not obligated to do so. We have not adopted a formal written dividend policy nor have we adopted a dividend policy to pay a fixed amount of cash each quarter in respect of each Class A share or to pay an amount based on the achievement of, or derivable based on, any specific financial metrics such as Free Cash Flow. Dividend payments are not guaranteed and are within the absolute discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors will take into account general economic and business conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our cash flows from operations and current and anticipated cash needs, our capital requirements, legal, tax, regulatory and contractual restrictions, and implications of such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant in determining whether, and in what amounts, to pay such dividends. In addition, our debt agreements may limit the amount of distributions that OpCo’s subsidiaries can make to OpCo and OpCo can make to us and the purposes for which distributions could be made. Any return on investment in our Class A shares may be solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our Class A shares on the open market, which may not continue to occur. Please read “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Debt Instruments ” for further discussion of our debt agreements. Accordingly, we may not be able to pay dividends even if our board of directors would otherwise deem it appropriate. Please see “ Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities—Dividends ” and “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources. ” LandBridge Holdings has the ability to direct the voting of a majority of our common shares and control certain decisions with respect to our management and business, including certain consent rights and the right to designate more than a majority of the members of our board of directors as long as it and its affiliates beneficially own at least 40% of our outstanding common shares, as well as lesser director designation rights as long as it and its affiliates beneficially own less than 40% but at least 10% of our outstanding common shares. LandBridge Holdings’ interests may conflict with those of our other shareholders. As of December 31, 2025, LandBridge Holdings owned an aggregate of 48,593,505 Class B shares representing approximately 63.04% of our voting power. LandBridge Holdings’ beneficial ownership of greater than 50% of our common shares means LandBridge Holdings is able to control matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, changes to our organizational documents, approval of acquisition offers and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership makes it unlikely that any other holder or group of holders of our Class A shares will be able to affect the way we are managed or the direction of our business. The interests of LandBridge Holdings with respect to matters potentially or actually involving or affecting us, such as future acquisitions, financings and other corporate opportunities and attempts to acquire us, may conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. Furthermore, in connection with the consummation of the IPO, we entered into a shareholder’s agreement, dated July 1, 2024 (the “Shareholder’s Agreement”), with LandBridge Holdings, providing that, for so long as LandBridge Holdings and certain affiliates beneficially own at least 40% of our outstanding common shares, LandBridge Holdings shall be entitled to designate a number of directors equal to a majority of the board of directors, plus one director; and for so long as LandBridge Holdings and such affiliates beneficially own at least 30%, 20% and 10% of our outstanding common shares, LandBridge Holdings shall be entitled to designate at least three directors, two directors and one director, respectively. So long as LandBridge Holdings is entitled to designate one or more directors and notifies the board of directors of its desire to remove, with or without cause, any director previously designated by it to the board of directors, we are required to take all necessary action to cause such removal. So long as LandBridge Holdings has the right to designate at least one director to our board of directors, it will also have the right to appoint a number of board observers, who will be entitled to attend all meetings of the board of directors in a non-voting, observer capacity, equal to the number of directors LandBridge Holdings is entitled to appoint. In addition, under our First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the “Operating Agreement”), for so long as LandBridge Holdings and certain affiliates beneficially own at least 40% of our outstanding common shares, we have agreed not to take, and will take all necessary action to cause our subsidiaries not to take, the following direct or indirect actions (or enter into an agreement to take such actions) without the prior consent of LandBridge Holdings: • increasing or decreasing the size of our board of directors, committees of our board of directors or boards and committees of our subsidiaries; • terminating our chief executive officer or removing the Chairman of our board of directors and/or hiring or appointing either of their successors; • agreeing to or entering into any transaction that would result in a change of control of the Company or enter into definitive agreements with respect to a change of control transaction; • incurring debt for borrowed money (or liens securing such debt) in an amount that would result in outstanding debt that exceeds our Adjusted EBITDA for the four quarter period immediately prior to the proposed date of the incurrence of such debt by 4.00 to 1.00; 49 • authorizing, creating (by way of reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise) or issuing any equity securities of any kind (other than pursuant to any equity compensation plan approved by our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors or intra-company issuances among the Company and our subsidiaries); • making any voluntary election to liquidate or dissolve or commence bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or the adoption of a plan with respect to any of the foregoing or any determination not to oppose such an action or proceeding commenced by a third party; and • selling, transferring or disposing of assets outside the ordinary course of business in a transaction or series of transactions with a fair market value in excess of 2% of our Consolidated Net Tangible Assets (as defined in the Operating Agreement) determined as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter or year, as applicable, immediately prior to the proposed date of the consummation of such transaction or such series of transactions. Additionally, for so long as LandBridge Holdings and certain affiliates beneficially own at least 10% of our outstanding common shares, we and our subsidiaries may not, without the approval of LandBridge Holdings, make any amendment, modification or waiver of our Operating Agreement or any other of our governing documents that materially and adversely affects LandBridge Holdings. The existence of LandBridge Holdings as a significant shareholder may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our company. Moreover, LandBridge Holdings’ concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A shares to the extent investors perceive a disadvantage in owning shares of a company with a significant shareholder. In addition, LandBridge Holdings may have different tax positions from us that could influence its decisions regarding whether and when to support the disposition of assets and the incurrence or refinancing of new or existing indebtedness. In addition, the determination of future tax reporting positions, the structuring of future transactions and the handling of any challenge by any taxing authority to our tax reporting positions may take into consideration LandBridge Holdings’ tax or other considerations, which may differ from the considerations of our other shareholders. LandBridge Holdings, Five Point and WaterBridge, as well as their affiliates, are not limited in their ability to compete with us, and may benefit from opportunities that might otherwise be available to us. Our Operating Agreement provides that our officers and directors and their respective affiliates and LandBridge Holdings, Five Point and WaterBridge, as well as their officers, directors and affiliates (each an “Unrestricted Party”), are not restricted from owning assets or prohibited from engaging in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us, and that we renounce any interest or expectancy in any business opportunity that may from time to time be presented to them that would otherwise be subject to a corporate opportunity or other analogous doctrine under Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”). In addition, the Unrestricted Parties may compete with us for investment opportunities and may own an interest in entities that compete with us. In particular, our Operating Agreement, subject to the limitations of applicable law, provides, among other things, that (i) the Unrestricted Parties may conduct business that competes with us and may make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments, and (ii) if any of the Unrestricted Parties acquire knowledge of a potential business opportunity, transaction or other matter, they have no duty, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to communicate such offer to us, our shareholders or our affiliates. We may refer any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest involving any of the Unrestricted Parties to a conflicts committee, which must consist entirely of independent directors, for resolution. Additionally, our board of directors adopted a written related party transactions policy relating to the approval of related party transactions, pursuant to which any such transactions, including transactions with the Unrestricted Parties, will be reviewed and approved or ratified by our Audit Committee or such conflicts committee or pursuant to the procedures outlined in such policy. LandBridge Holdings may become aware, from time to time, of certain business opportunities (such as acquisition opportunities) and may direct such opportunities to other businesses in which they have invested, in which case we may not become aware of or otherwise have the ability to pursue such opportunities. Furthermore, such businesses may choose to compete with us for these opportunities, possibly causing these opportunities to not be available to us or causing them to be more expensive for us to pursue. Furthermore, LandBridge Holdings, Five Point and WaterBridge, are not required to utilize facilities located on our land in connection with any business opportunities, whether currently existing or arising in the future, and may pursue development opportunities with competing landowners, or pursue an alternative land position without informing us of such opportunity or offering such opportunity to us. This renouncing of our interest and expectancy in any business opportunity may create actual and potential conflicts of interest between us and LandBridge Holdings, Five Point and WaterBridge, and result in less than favorable treatment of us and our 50 shareholders if attractive business opportunities are pursued by LandBridge Holdings, Five Point and WaterBridge, for their own benefit rather than for ours. Certain of our directors and officers may have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, other entities, including entities that may compete with us in seeking acquisitions and business opportunities, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating time or pursuing business opportunities. Certain of our directors and officers, who are responsible for managing our business may hold positions of responsibility with other entities, including those that are in the energy industry. The existing and potential positions held by these directors and officers may give rise to fiduciary or other duties that are in conflict with the duties they owe to us and may also otherwise require attention and time that could otherwise be devoted to our business. These directors and officers may become aware of business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as to the other entities with which they are or may become affiliated. Due to these existing and potential future affiliations, such directors and officers may present potential business opportunities to other entities prior to presenting them to us, which could cause additional conflicts of interest. They may also decide that certain opportunities are more appropriate for other entities with which they are affiliated, and, as a result, they may elect not to present those opportunities to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our or your best interests. A significant reduction by LandBridge Holdings of its ownership interests in us could adversely affect us. We believe that LandBridge Holdings’ ownership interest in us provides it with an economic incentive to assist us to be successful. LandBridge Holdings is not subject to any obligation to maintain its ownership interest in us and may elect at any time to sell all or a substantial portion of or otherwise reduce its ownership interest in us. If LandBridge Holdings sells all or a substantial portion of its ownership interests in us, it may have less incentive to assist in our success and its affiliate(s) that are expected to serve as members of our board of directors may resign. Such actions could adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of dividends on our Class A shares to a holder will depend upon our tax attributes and the holder’s tax basis in our common shares, which are not necessarily predictable and can change over time, and could cause taxable gain or loss on the sale of our Class A shares to be more or less than expected. Amounts we distribute to our shareholders with respect to our Class A shares, which we refer to as “dividends,” will constitute “dividends” for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. To the extent such distribution amounts exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits, such distributed amount will be treated as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of a holder’s tax basis in our Class A shares and thereafter as capital gain from the sale or exchange of such shares. If a holder sells its Class A shares, the holder will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and the holder’s tax basis in such Class A shares. To the extent that the amount of our dividends is treated as a non-taxable return of capital as described above, such dividends will reduce a holder’s tax basis in the Class A shares. Consequently, such excess dividends will result in a corresponding increase in the amount of gain, or a corresponding decrease in the amount of loss, recognized by the holder upon the sale of the Class A shares or subsequent dividends with respect to such shares. Additionally, with regard to U.S. corporate holders of our Class A shares, to the extent that a dividend on our Class A shares exceeds both our current and accumulated earnings and profits and such holder’s tax basis in such shares, such holders would be unable to utilize the corporate dividends-received deduction (to the extent it would otherwise be applicable to such holder) with respect to the gain resulting from such excess dividend. Prospective investors in our Class A shares are encouraged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of receiving dividends on our Class A shares that are not treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 51 The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Forms 1099-DIV that our shareholders receive from their brokers may over-report dividend income with respect to our Class A shares for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and failure to report dividend income in a manner consistent with the IRS Forms 1099-DIV may cause the IRS to assert audit adjustments to a shareholder’s U.S. federal income tax return. For non-U.S. holders of our Class A shares, brokers or other withholding agents may overwithhold taxes from dividends paid, in which case a shareholder generally would have to timely file a U.S. tax return or an appropriate claim for refund in order to claim a refund of the overwithheld taxes. Dividends we pay with respect to our Class A shares will constitute “dividends” for U.S. federal income tax purposes only to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Dividends we pay in excess of our earnings and profits will not be treated as “dividends” for U.S. federal income tax purposes; instead, they will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of a shareholder’s tax basis in their Class A shares and then as capital gain realized on the sale or exchange of such shares. We may be unable to timely determine the portion of our dividends that is a “dividend” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For a U.S. holder of our Class A shares, the IRS Forms 1099-DIV may not be consistent with our determination of the amount that constitutes a “dividend” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a shareholder may receive a corrected IRS Form 1099-DIV (and may therefore need to file an amended federal, state or local income tax return). We will attempt to timely notify our shareholders of available information to assist with income tax reporting (such as posting the correct information on our website). However, the information that we provide to our shareholders may be inconsistent with the amounts reported by a broker on IRS Form 1099-DIV, and the IRS may disagree with any such information and may make audit adjustments to a shareholder’s tax return. For a non-U.S. holder of our Class A shares, “dividends” for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate unless an applicable income tax treaty provides for a lower rate or the dividends are effectively connected with conduct of a U.S. trade or business. In the event that we are unable to timely determine the portion of our dividends that is a “dividend” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or a shareholder’s broker or withholding agent chooses to withhold taxes from dividends in a manner inconsistent with our determination of the amount that constitutes a “dividend” for such purposes, a shareholder’s broker or other withholding agent may overwithhold taxes from dividends paid. In such a case, a shareholder generally would have to timely file a U.S. tax return or an appropriate claim for refund in order to obtain a refund of the overwithheld tax. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A shares or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our share price could decline. The trading market for our Class A shares is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our Class A shares or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our Class A share price could decline. The market price of our Class A shares could be adversely affected by sales of substantial amounts of our Class A shares in the public or private markets or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, including sales by LandBridge Holdings after the exercise of the Redemption Right. As of December 31, 2025, we had 27,838,199 Class A shares and 49,250,916 Class B shares outstanding. Future sales by LandBridge Holdings after the exercise of the Redemption Right (as described in the OpCo LLC Agreement) or sales by other large holders of our Class A shares in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our Class A shares or could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. In addition, we have agreed to provide registration rights to LandBridge Holdings and certain other shareholders. In July 2025, we registered the resale of 53,915,691 Class A shares (including Class A shares to be issued upon redemption of a corresponding number of Class B shares) by certain selling shareholders, including LandBridge Holdings, pursuant to certain registration rights agreements. Furthermore, we filed a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-8 providing for the registration of 3,960,000 Class A shares issued or reserved for issuance under the LandBridge Company LLC Long Term Incentive Plan. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions, the expiration of lock-up agreements and the requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, shares registered under the registration statement on Form S-8 have been made available for resale immediately in the public market without restriction. Alternatively, we may be required to undertake a future public or private offering of Class A shares and use the net proceeds from such offering to purchase an equal number of OpCo Units, with the cancellation of a corresponding number of Class B shares, from LandBridge Holdings. We may sell additional Class A shares in future offerings. Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A shares (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Class A shares. 52 We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A shares or securities convertible into Class A shares or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our Class A shares will have on the market price of our Class A shares. Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A shares (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Class A shares. LandBridge Holdings has in the past sold substantial amounts of Class A shares into the market, including in connection with underwritten offerings, and may continue to do so in the future. Any such sales could adversely affect the price of our Class A shares. We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE and NYSE Texas rules and, as a result, qualify for and intend to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. LandBridge Holdings holds a majority of the voting power of our common shares. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE and NYSE Texas rules. Under the NYSE rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company, and under NYSE Texas rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company. Under NYSE and NYSE Texas rules, controlled companies may elect not to comply with certain NYSE corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: • a majority of the board of directors consists of independent directors as defined under the rules of the NYSE and NYSE Texas; • the nominating and governance committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and • the compensation committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities. These requirements will not apply to us as long as we remain a controlled company. A controlled company does not need its board of directors to have a majority of independent directors or to form independent compensation and nominating and governance committees. We currently utilize all of these exemptions. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the rules of the NYSE and NYSE Texas. Our Operating Agreement, as well as Delaware law, contains provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our Class A shares and deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium for their shares. Our Operating Agreement authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred shares without shareholder approval in one or more series, designate the number of shares constituting any series, and fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption prices and liquidation preferences of such series. If our board of directors elects to issue preferred shares, it could be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. In addition, certain provisions of our Operating Agreement could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our shareholders. Among other things, such provisions of our Operating Agreement include: • providing that after LandBridge Holdings and certain of its affiliates no longer beneficially own or control the voting of more than 40% of our outstanding common shares (the “Trigger Event”), our board of directors will be divided into three classes that are as nearly equal in number as is reasonably possible and each director will be assigned to one of three classes, with each class of directors elected for a three-year term to succeed the directors of the same class whose terms are then expiring; provided that LandBridge Holdings shall have the right to designate the initial class assigned to each director immediately following the occurrence of the Trigger Event; • prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors; • providing that after the Trigger Event, the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 66 2/3% in voting power of all then-outstanding common shares entitled to vote generally in the election of our board of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to remove any director from office, and such removal may only be for “cause”; • providing that after the Trigger Event, all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by the terms of the Shareholder’s Agreement, law or, if applicable, the rights of holders of a series of preferred shares, only be 53 filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director; • providing that after the Trigger Event, shareholders will not be permitted to call special meetings of shareholders; • providing that after the Trigger Event, our shareholders may not act by written consent and may only act at a duly called annual or special meeting; • establish advance notice procedures with respect to shareholder proposals and nominations of persons for election to our board of directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or any committee thereof; and • providing that a majority of our board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal our Operating Agreement. Pursuant to our Operating Agreement, for so long as LandBridge Holdings beneficially owns at least 40% of our outstanding common shares, we have agreed not to take, and will take all necessary action to cause our subsidiaries not to take, certain direct or indirect actions (or enter into an agreement to take such actions) without the prior consent of LandBridge Holdings. Our Operating Agreement designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, other personnel or agents. Our Operating Agreement provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of Delaware, or, if the Superior Court of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, in each case, subject to that court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named defendants therein) will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees, other personnel, or agents to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or employee or other personnel of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the “Delaware LLC Act”) or our Operating Agreement or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, employee or other personnel of ours that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our Operating Agreement also provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act. This provision would not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our common shares will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our Operating Agreement described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, other personnel or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our Operating Agreement inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. There are certain provisions in our Operating Agreement regarding fiduciary duties of our directors, exculpation and indemnification of our officers and directors and the approval of conflicted transactions that differ from the DGCL in a manner that may be less protective of the interests of our public shareholders and restricts the remedies available to shareholders for actions taken by our officers and directors that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duties if we were subject to the DGCL. Our Operating Agreement contains certain provisions regarding exculpation and indemnification of our officers and directors and the approval of conflicted transactions that differ from the DGCL in a manner that may be less protective of the interests of our public shareholders. For example, our Operating Agreement provides that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law our directors or officers will not be liable to us. In contrast, under the DGCL, a director or officer would be liable to us for (i) breach of duty of loyalty to us or our shareholders, (ii) intentional misconduct or knowing violations of the law that are not done in good faith, (iii) improper redemption of shares or declaration of dividends or (iv) a transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Pursuant to our Operating Agreement and indemnification agreements, we must indemnify our directors and officers for acts or omissions to the fullest extent permitted by law. In contrast, under the DGCL, a corporation can only indemnify directors and officers for acts and omissions if the director or officer acted in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed 54 to the best interest of the corporation, and, in a criminal action, if the officer or director had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Additionally, our Operating Agreement provides that in the event a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between any of our directors, officers, equity owners or their respective affiliates, including LandBridge Holdings, on the one hand, and us, any of our subsidiaries or any of our public shareholders, on the other hand, a resolution or course of action by our board of directors shall be deemed approved by all of our shareholders, and shall not constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of members of our board of directors to us or our shareholders, if such resolution or course of action (i) is approved by a conflicts committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors, (ii) is approved by shareholders holding a majority of our common shares that are disinterested parties, (iii) is determined by our board of directors to be on terms that, when taken together in their entirety, are no less favorable than those generally provided to or available from unrelated third parties or (iv) is determined by our board of directors to be fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us). In contrast, under the DGCL, a corporation is not permitted to exempt board members from claims of breach of fiduciary duty under such circumstances. Accordingly, our Operating Agreement may be less protective of the interests of our public shareholders, when compared to the DGCL, insofar as it relates to the exculpation and indemnification of our officers and directors. We are a holding company. Our principal asset is our equity interest in OpCo, and accordingly, we will be dependent upon distributions from OpCo to pay taxes and cover our corporate and other overhead expenses. We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our equity interest in OpCo. We have no independent means of generating revenue. To the extent OpCo has available cash and subject to the terms of any debt instruments or other applicable agreements, we intend to cause OpCo to make (i) generally pro rata distributions to OpCo Unitholders, including us, in an amount at least sufficient to allow us to pay our taxes, (ii) at the election of certain holders of OpCo Units, additional distributions in an amount generally intended to allow such OpCo Unitholders to satisfy their respective income tax liabilities with respect to their allocable share of the income of OpCo (based on certain assumptions and conventions), which additional distributions may be made on a pro rata basis to all OpCo Unitholders (including us) or a non-pro rata basis to OpCo Unitholders (other than us) in redemption of OpCo Units from such holders and (iii) non pro rata distributions to us in an amount at least sufficient to reimburse us for our corporate and other overhead expenses. In addition, as the sole managing member of OpCo, we intend to cause OpCo to make pro rata distributions to all of its unitholders, including us, in an amount sufficient to allow us to fund dividends to our shareholders in accordance with our dividend policy, to the extent our board of directors declares such dividends. Therefore, although we expect to pay dividends on our Class A shares in amounts determined by our board of directors, from time to time, our ability to do so may be limited to the extent OpCo and its subsidiaries are limited in their ability to make these and other distributions to us. To the extent that we need funds and OpCo or its subsidiaries are restricted from making distributions under applicable law or under the terms of any current or future financing or other arrangements or are otherwise unable to provide such funds, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be materially and adversely affected. In certain circumstances, OpCo will be required to make tax distributions to OpCo Unitholders, and such tax distribution may be substantial. To the extent we receive tax distributions in excess of our actual tax liabilities and retain such excess cash, the OpCo Unitholders would benefit from such accumulated cash balances if they exercise their Redemption Right. Pursuant to the OpCo LLC Agreement, OpCo will make generally pro rata distributions to the OpCo Unitholders, including us, in an amount sufficient to allow us to satisfy our actual tax liabilities. In addition, to the extent OpCo has available cash, OpCo will be required to make additional pro rata tax distributions to all OpCo Unitholders in an amount generally intended to allow the OpCo Unitholders (other than us) to satisfy their assumed tax liabilities with respect to their allocable share of the income of OpCo (based on certain assumptions and conventions and as determined by OpCo). For this purpose, the determination of available cash will take into account, among other factors, (i) the existing indebtedness and other obligations of OpCo and its subsidiaries and their anticipated borrowing needs, (ii) the ability of OpCo and its subsidiaries to take on additional indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms and (iii) any necessary or appropriate reserves. The amount of such additional tax distributions will be determined based on certain assumptions, including assumed income tax rates, and will be calculated after taking into account other distributions (including other tax distributions) made by OpCo. Additional tax distributions may significantly exceed the actual tax liability for many of the OpCo Unitholders, including us. If we retain the excess cash we receive from such distributions, the OpCo Unitholders would benefit from any value attributable to such accumulated cash balances as a result of their exercise of the Redemption Right. However, we intend to take steps to eliminate any material excess cash balances, which could include, but are not necessarily limited to, a distribution of the excess cash to holders of our Class A shares or the reinvestment of such cash in OpCo for additional OpCo Units. 55 In addition, the tax distributions that OpCo may be required to make may be substantial, and the amount of any additional tax distributions OpCo is required to make likely will exceed the tax liabilities that would be owed by a corporate taxpayer similarly situated to OpCo. Funds used by OpCo to satisfy its obligation to make tax distributions will not be available for reinvestment in our business, except to the extent we or certain other OpCo Unitholders use any excess cash received to reinvest in OpCo for additional OpCo Units. In addition, because cash available for additional tax distributions will be determined taking into account the ability of OpCo and its subsidiaries to take on additional borrowing, OpCo may be required to increase its indebtedness in order to fund additional tax distributions. Such additional borrowing may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position by, without limitation, limiting our ability to borrow in the future for other purposes, such as capital expenditures, and increasing our interest expense and leverage ratios. If OpCo were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, significant tax inefficiencies might result. We intend to operate such that OpCo does not become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “publicly traded partnership” is a partnership the interests of which are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. Under certain circumstances, redemptions of OpCo Units pursuant to the Redemption Right (or our Call Right (as described in the OpCo LLC Agreement)) or other transfers of OpCo Units could cause OpCo to be treated as a publicly traded partnership. Applicable U.S. Treasury regulations provide for certain safe harbors from treatment as a publicly traded partnership, and we intend to operate such that redemptions or other transfers of OpCo Units qualify for one or more such safe harbors. For example, we intend to limit the number of OpCo Unitholders, and the OpCo LLC Agreement provides for limitations on the ability of OpCo Unitholders to transfer their OpCo Units and provides us, as managing member of OpCo, with the right to impose restrictions (in addition to those already in place) on the ability of OpCo Unitholders to redeem their OpCo Units pursuant to the Redemption Right to the extent we believe that it is necessary to ensure that OpCo will continue to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If OpCo were to become a publicly traded partnership, significant tax inefficiencies might result for us and for OpCo, including as a result of our inability to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with OpCo. There can be no assurance that we will purchase all the shares authorized under our share repurchase program or that such program will enhance the long-term value of our share price. On February 24, 2026, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program. The program permits the repurchase of up to $50 million of the Company’s Class A shares through December 2027. There is no obligation for us to continue to repurchase or to repurchase any specific dollar amount of shares, and the program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The timing, as well as the number and value of shares repurchased under the program, will be determined by the Company at its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including management's assessment of the intrinsic value of our Class A shares, the market price of the our Class A shares, general market and economic conditions, available liquidity, compliance with the Company's debt and other agreements, applicable legal requirements, and other considerations. The share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility in the market. We cannot guarantee that we will purchase all of the shares authorized under the share repurchase program or that such program will enhance the long-term value of our share price. In addition, repurchase regulations and taxes may add additional payment burden to the Company from our share repurchase program. In the past, there have been proposals to increase the amount of the U.S. federal stock repurchase excise tax from 1% to 4%; however, it is unclear whether such a change in the amount of the excise tax will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such change could take effect. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Our cybersecurity program is designed to protect our information systems and information against cybersecurity threats that may impact the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information systems and information. Our program includes policies, processes and technologies to assess, identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats and aligns with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework. Governance Our board of directors, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees the Company’s processes for assessing and managing risk. Our board of directors has delegated primary responsibility for overseeing our enterprise risk management process, including oversight of information technology, cybersecurity, and data privacy risks, to the Audit Committee. Despite this delegation of primary 56 responsibility, both the Audit Committee and the board of directors are actively involved in risk oversight. The board of directors and Audit Committee regularly review the measures implemented by the Company to identify and mitigate data protection and cybersecurity risks. Management is responsible for identifying and assessing cybersecurity risks, establishing processes to ensure that such cybersecurity risk exposures are monitored, implementing proactive mitigation measures and responding in the event of an incident. We seek to identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach. The Cyber Incident Response Team is headed by the Manager’s Senior Vice President of Information Technology (the “SVP of IT”) and also includes senior representatives from various corporate and operational functions of the Manager. The Manager’s SVP of IT possesses deep experience in technology and cybersecurity, gained over a career of over 20 years managing IT functions for organizations, including network infrastructure, cloud administration, application development and cybersecurity. The SVP of IT possesses a degree in Information Systems and regularly attends educational and professional development seminars on cybersecurity trends and threats. She leads our information technology team, which is responsible for managing our internal IT and cybersecurity processes. The Manager’s SVP of IT meets quarterly with the Manager’s Risk Committee, which is comprised of senior representatives from various corporate functions and other members of our senior management to provide updates on the Company’s cyber risks and threats , cybersecurity incidents (if any), the status of projects to strengthen our information security systems, assessments of the information security program and the emerging threat landscape. We have processes in place to guide our assessment, response and notification procedures upon the occurrence of a cybersecurity incident. Further, we have partnered with a third-party cybersecurity vendor to provide managed security services in order to supplement our internal IT and cybersecurity processes. Depending on the nature and severity of the cybersecurity incident, this process provides for notifying and escalating the incident to our board of directors . Risk Management and Strategy Our business operations rely on the secure collection, storage, transmission and other processing of proprietary, confidential and sensitive data. Our information and operational technology networks, those of our operators and managers, and those of third parties on whom we rely, are important to our ability to perform day-to-day operations of our business. As a part of our cybersecurity risk management program, we review the various different Company policies that cover cybersecurity on an annual basis and have implemented procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents. We provide training and awareness programs for all employees of Manager who provide services to us that include periodic and ongoing assessments to drive adoption and awareness of cybersecurity processes and controls. We have implemented network monitoring, containment and incident response tools, vulnerability management processes and penetration testing. We also actively engage with key vendors and third-party advisors and consultants that assist us with identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity risks to our business and employ processes to detect and monitor unusual network activity. In connection with our use of third parties, we employ systems and processes designed to oversee, identify and reduce the potential impact of a security incident at such vendor or service provider. Material Cybersecurity Risks, Threats and Incidents The oil and gas industry has become increasingly dependent on information technology and operational technology to conduct certain processing activities. At the same time, cybersecurity incidents, including deliberate attacks or unintentional events, have increased. Due to evolving cybersecurity threats, it has and will continue to be difficult to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity incidents. As detailed elsewhere in this Annual Report, we rely on information technology to manage our business and support our operations, including our secure processing of proprietary and other types of information. Despite ongoing efforts, our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient, and a cyber attack or security breach could result in liability under data privacy laws, regulatory penalties, damage to our reputation or loss of confidence in us, or additional costs for remediation and modification or enhancement of our information systems to prevent future occurrences. As of the date of this report, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents and are not aware of any material risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. This does not guarantee that future attacks, incidents or threats will not have a material impact or that we are not currently the subject of an undetected incident or threat that may have such an impact. For additional information on cybersecurity risks we face, see “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and other critical components on a timely basis, or at all; • our and our customers’ ability to obtain government approvals or acquire or maintain necessary permits, including those related to the development and operation of produced water handling facilities, sand mines and brackish water wells; • operational disruptions and liability related thereto associated with our customers, including those due to environmental hazards, fires, explosions, chemical mishandling or other industrial accidents; 6 • our and our customers’ liquidity and ability to access the capital markets on favorable terms, or at all, which depends on general market conditions, including the impact of inflation, tariffs, interest rates and related governmental policies and potential economic recession; • condemnation proceedings affecting our land or our customers’ ability to access our lands; • our customers’ ability to obtain rights from our neighboring landowners on economic terms, or at all, to gain access to our land or transport resources such as sand and brackish water, away from our land, to their point of end use; • uncertainty surrounding potential legal, regulatory and policy changes, such as proposed tariffs, as well as the potential for general market volatility and political uncertainty; • impacts related to changing U.S. and foreign trade policies, including increased trade restrictions or tariffs; • the effects of geopolitical conflicts, domestic political uncertainties or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions, which may decrease demand for oil and natural gas or contribute to volatility in the prices for oil and natural gas, which could decrease demand for the use of our land and resources; • the demand for sand and the amount of sand that customers on our land are able to excavate and process, which could be adversely affected by, among other things, operating difficulties and unusual or unfavorable geological conditions; • actions taken by the federal, local or state governments in relation to surface uses; • title defects in the acreage that we acquire; • the markets for surface acreage in the areas in which we operate and own or plan to own, including pricing estimates, availability of land and our ability to acquire such land on favorable terms, or at all; • our ability to integrate acquired acreage, and any future acquisitions, and manage growth; • our ability to recruit and retain key management and other personnel and the allocation of resources between LandBridge and WaterBridge; • actions taken by the federal or state governments, such as executive orders or new or expanded regulations, that may impact future energy production in the U.S.; • changes in laws and regulations (or the interpretation thereof), such as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”), including those related to hydraulic fracturing, accessing water, disposing of wastewater, transferring produced water, interstate brackish water transfer, carbon pricing, pipeline construction, data privacy, taxation or emissions, leasing, permitting or drilling and various other environmental matters; • changes in effective tax rates, or adverse outcomes resulting from other tax increases or an examination of our income or other tax returns and tax inefficiencies; • the severity and duration of world health events, natural disasters or inclement or hazardous weather conditions, including cold weather, hurricanes, fires, droughts, earthquakes, flooding and tornadoes; • evolving cybersecurity risks, such as those involving unauthorized access, third-party provider defects and service failures, denial-of-service attacks, malicious software, data privacy breaches by employees or other service providers, insider or others with authorized access, cyber or phishing-attacks, ransomware, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions; and • other factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report including in the section titled “

