TICKER: LGND
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain interruption may impact our ability to obtain Captisol material. We obtain Captisol from Hovione, our third-party manufacturer, primarily at their facilities in Ireland and Portugal. If Hovione were to cease to be able, for any reason, to supply Captisol to us in the amounts we require, or decline to supply Captisol to us, we would be required to seek an alternative source, which could potentially take a considerable length of time and impact our revenue and customer relationships. In the event of a Captisol supply interruption, we are permitted to designate and, with Hovione’s assistance, qualify one or more alternate suppliers, although there is no assurance that we could do so 21 timely or at acceptable costs, if at all. In addition to manufacturing at Hovione’s facilities in Ireland and Portugal, we have processing capacity for Captisol in both the United States and England. We maintain inventory of Captisol, which has a five-year shelf life, at three geographically dispersed storage locations in the United States and Europe. If we were to encounter problems maintaining our inventory, due to factors such as natural disasters, tariffs or trade restrictions at one or more of these locations, it could lead to supply interruptions. In addition, we rely on Hovione to expand manufacturing capacity of Captisol and any failure by Hovione to timely implement such increased capacity could adversely affect our ability to supply Captisol to our partners. While we believe we maintain adequate inventory of Captisol to meet our current partner needs, and our Captisol capacity will be sufficient to meet future partner needs, our estimates and projections for Captisol demand may not be correct and any supply interruptions could materially adversely impact our operating results. The manufacture and distribution of a biopharmaceutical product may be interrupted by regulatory agencies or supplier deficiencies. The manufacture of products generating our royalties is typically complex and is highly regulated. In particular, biopharmaceutical products are manufactured in specialized facilities that require the approval of, and ongoing regulation by, the FDA in the United States and, if manufactured outside of the United States, both the FDA and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, such as the MHRA and the EMA. With respect to a product, to the extent that operational standards set by such agencies are not adhered to, manufacturing facilities may be closed or production interrupted until such time as any deficiencies noted by such agencies are remedied. Any such closure or interruption may interrupt, for an indefinite period of time, the manufacture and distribution of a product and therefore the cash flows from the related biopharmaceutical asset may be significantly less than expected. In addition, manufacturers of a product may rely on third parties for selected aspects of product development, such as packaging or to supply bulk raw material used in the manufacture of such product. In the United States, the FDA requires that all suppliers of pharmaceutical bulk materials and all manufacturers of pharmaceuticals for sale in or from the United States adhere to the FDA’s current “Good Manufacturing Practice” regulations and guidelines and similar requirements that exist in jurisdictions outside the United States. Marketers of biopharmaceutical products generally rely on a small number of key, highly specialized suppliers, manufacturers and packagers. Any interruptions, however minimal, in the operation of these manufacturing and packaging facilities could adversely affect production and product sales and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Future revenue from royalties on Captisol partnered products may be lower than expected. We currently depend on our contractual arrangements with our partners and licensees to sell products using our Captisol technology. These agreements generally provide that our partners may terminate the agreements at will. If our partners discontinue sales of products using Captisol, fail to obtain regulatory approval for products using Captisol, fail to satisfy their obligations under their agreements with us, choose to utilize a competing product, or if we are unable to establish new licensing and marketing relationships then revenue from royalties on Captisol partnered products could be decreased and our financial results and growth prospects could be materially affected. Further, under most of our Captisol out licenses, the amount of royalties we receive will be reduced or will cease when the relevant patent expires. Our low-chloride patents and foreign equivalents are not expected to expire until 2033, our high purity patents and foreign equivalents are not expected to expire until 2029 and our morphology patents and foreign equivalents are not expected to expire until 2026 in the United States; however, the initially filed patents relating to Captisol expired starting in 2010 in the United States and in 2016 in most countries outside the United States. If our other intellectual property rights are not sufficient to prevent a generic form of Captisol from coming to market, and if in such case our partners choose to terminate their agreements with us, our Captisol revenue may decrease significantly. We rely heavily on collaboration relationships to generate milestone and royalty payments and our collaboration partners have significant discretion when deciding whether to pursue any development program, and any failure by our partners to successfully develop a product candidate or a termination or breach of any of the related agreements could reduce our milestone and license fee revenue, and potentially reduce future royalties. Our strategy for developing and commercializing many of our product candidates includes entering into collaboration agreements, outlicenses, and development funding and royalty purchase agreements with corporate and other collaboration partners. These agreements give our collaboration partners significant discretion when deciding whether or not to pursue any development program. Our existing collaborations may not continue or be successful, and we may be unable to enter into future collaboration arrangements to develop and commercialize our unpartnered assets. In addition, our collaboration partners may develop products, either alone or with others, that compete with the types of products they are developing with us (or that we are developing on our own). This would result in increased competition for our 22 or our partners’ programs. If product candidates are approved for marketing under our collaboration programs, revenues we receive will depend on the manufacturing, marketing and sales efforts of our collaboration partners, who generally retain commercialization rights under the collaboration agreements. Generally, our current collaboration partners also have the right to terminate their collaborations at will or under specified circumstances. If any of our collaboration partners breach (for example, by not making required payments when due, or at all) or terminate their agreements with us or otherwise fail to conduct their collaboration activities successfully, including due to insolvency events, ongoing product development under these agreements will be delayed or terminated. Disputes or litigation may also arise with our collaborators (with us and/or with one or more third parties), including those over ownership rights to intellectual property, know-how or technologies developed with our collaboration partners. Such disputes or litigation could adversely affect our rights to one or more of our product candidates. Any such dispute or litigation could delay, interrupt or terminate the collaboration research, development and commercialization of certain potential products, create uncertainty as to ownership rights of intellectual property, or could result in litigation or arbitration. The occurrence of any of these problems could be time-consuming and expensive and could adversely affect our business. Our collaboration partners may change their strategy or the focus of their development and commercialization efforts with respect to our partnered programs, and the success of our partnered programs could be adversely affected. If our collaboration partners terminate their collaborations with us or do not commit sufficient resources to the development, manufacture, marketing or distribution of our partnered programs, we could be required to devote additional resources to our partnered programs, seek new collaboration partners or abandon such partnered programs, all of which could reduce our revenues and otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, biopharmaceutical development is inherently uncertain and very few therapeutic candidates ultimately progress through clinical development and receive approval for commercialization. If our partners do not receive regulatory approval for a sufficient number of therapeutic candidates originating from our partnerships, we may not be able to sustain our business model. We may undertake strategic acquisitions of operating biopharmaceutical companies or acquire securities of biopharmaceutical companies. Our failure to realize the expected benefits of such acquisitions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may acquire companies with significant royalty assets or where we believe we could create significant synthetic royalties. These acquired or created royalty assets may not perform as we project. Moreover, the acquisition of operating biopharmaceutical companies will result in the assumption of, or exposure to, liabilities of the acquired business that are not inherent in our other royalty acquisitions, such as direct exposure to product liability claims, high fixed costs or an expansion of our operations and expense structure, thereby potentially decreasing our profitability. The diversion of our management’s attention and any delay or difficulties encountered in connection with any future acquisitions we may consummate could result in the disruption of our on-going business operations. Despite our business, financial and legal due diligence efforts, we ultimately may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all risks associated with such acquisitions. Moreover, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing to acquire any businesses or products, which may result in dilution for stockholders or the incurrence of indebtedness. As a result, our acquisition of operating biopharmaceutical companies could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may seek to expand our market opportunity by acquiring securities issued by biopharmaceutical companies. Where we acquire equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, the value of those securities will fluctuate, and may depreciate. We will not control the companies in which we acquire securities, and as a result, we will have limited ability to determine management, operational decisions or policies. Further, such transactions may face risks and liabilities that due diligence efforts fail to discover, that are not disclosed to us, or that we inadequately assess. In addition, as a result of our activities, we may receive material non-public information about other companies. Where such information relates to a company whose equity securities we hold, we may be delayed or prevented from selling such securities when we would otherwise choose to do so, and such delay or prohibition may result in a loss or reduced gain on such securities. Our product candidates, and the product candidates of our partners, face significant development and regulatory hurdles prior to partnering and/or marketing which could delay or prevent licensing, sales-based royalties and/or milestone revenue. Before we or our partners obtain the approvals necessary to sell any of our unpartnered assets or partnered programs, we must show through preclinical studies and human testing that each potential product is safe and effective. We and/or our partners have a number of partnered programs and unpartnered assets moving toward or currently awaiting regulatory action. Failure to show any product’s safety and effectiveness could delay or prevent regulatory approval of a product and could, and has in the past, adversely affected our business. The product development and clinical trials process is complex and uncertain. For example, the results of preclinical studies and initial clinical trials may not necessarily predict the results from later large-scale clinical trials. In addition, clinical trials may not demonstrate a product’s safety and effectiveness to the satisfaction of the regulatory authorities. A number of companies have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials or in seeking 23 regulatory approvals, despite promising results in earlier trials. The FDA may also require additional clinical trials after regulatory approvals are received. Such additional trials may be expensive and time-consuming, and failure to successfully conduct those trials could jeopardize continued commercialization of a product. The speed at which we and our partners complete our scientific studies and clinical trials depends on many factors, including, but not limited to, the ability to obtain adequate supplies of the products to be tested and patient enrollment. Patient enrollment is a function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial and other potential drug candidates being studied. Delays in patient enrollment for our or our partners’ trials may result in increased costs and longer development times. In addition, our partners have rights to control product development and clinical programs for products developed under our collaborations. As a result, these partners may conduct these programs more slowly or in a different manner than expected. Moreover, even if clinical trials are completed, we or our partners still may not apply for FDA or foreign regulatory approval in a timely manner, or the FDA or foreign regulatory authority still may not grant approval. Our product candidate discovery, early-stage development, and product reformulation programs may require substantial additional capital to complete successfully. Our partners’ development programs may require substantial additional capital to complete successfully, arising from costs to: conduct research, preclinical testing and human studies; establish pilot scale and commercial scale manufacturing processes and facilities; and establish and develop quality control, regulatory, marketing, sales and administrative capabilities to support these programs. While we expect to fund our research and development activities from cash generated from operations to the extent possible, if we are unable to do so, we may need to complete additional equity or debt financings or seek other external means of financing. These financings could depress our stock price. If additional funds are required to support our operations and we are unable to obtain them on terms favorable to us, we may be required to cease or reduce further development or commercialization of our products, to sell some or all of our technology or assets or to merge with another entity. New products and technologies of other companies may render some or all of our or our potential milestone and royalty providers’ product candidates noncompetitive or obsolete. The biopharmaceutical industry is a highly competitive and rapidly evolving industry. New developments by others may render our potential milestone and royalty providers’ product candidates or technologies obsolete or uncompetitive. Current marketers of products may undertake these development efforts in order to improve their products or to avoid paying our royalty. In addition, as biopharmaceutical companies increasingly devote significant resources to innovate next-generation products and therapies using gene editing and new curative modalities, such as cell and gene therapy, products on which we have a milestone or royalty rights may become obsolete. Positive developments in connection with a potentially competing product may have an adverse impact on our future potential for receiving revenue derived from development milestones and royalties. For example, if another product is perceived to have a competitive advantage, or another product’s failure is perceived to increase the likelihood that our licensed product will fail, our potential milestone and royalty providers may halt development of product candidates in which we have an interest. Adverse competition, obsolescence or governmental and regulatory action or healthcare policy changes could significantly affect the revenues, including royalty-related revenues, of the products which generate our potential milestones and royalties. Finally, because many of the companies with which we do business also are in the biotechnology industry, the volatility of that industry can affect us indirectly as well as directly. The same factors that affect us directly also can adversely affect us indirectly by affecting the ability of our partners and others with whom we do business to meet their obligations to us and reduce our ability to realize the value of the consideration provided to us by these other companies in connection with their licensing of our products. We face competition in acquiring existing “passive” royalties and locating suitable passive royalties to acquire. There are a limited number of suitable and attractive opportunities to acquire high-quality royalties available in the market. Many potential royalty acquisition targets do not meet our criteria, and for those that do, we may face significant competition for these acquisitions from companies that market the products on which royalties are paid, financial institutions and others. This competition to acquire such royalties may increase. These competitors may be able to access lower cost capital, may be larger than us, may cause the price we pay for such royalty assets to increase, may have relationships that provide them access to opportunities before us, or may be willing to acquire royalties for lower projected returns than we are. Unsuccessful attempts to acquire new royalties because of transactions that do not meet our criteria or because of such competition could result in significant costs to us, could hurt our reputation and divert management and financial resources. Ligand may have to pursue different avenues such as project finance and special situations in order to create and capture royalty value. Information available to us about the biopharmaceutical products underlying the royalties we purchase and invest in may be limited and, therefore, our ability to analyze each product and its potential future cash flow may be similarly limited. We may have limited information concerning the products generating the royalties we are evaluating for acquisition. At times, the information we have regarding products following our acquisition of a royalty may be limited to the information that is available in the public domain. Therefore, there may be material information that relates to such products that we would like 24 to know but do not have and may not be able to obtain. For example, we do not always know the results of studies conducted by marketers of the products or others or the nature or amount of any complaints from doctors or users of such products. In addition, the market data that we obtain independently may also prove to be incomplete or incorrect. Due to these and other factors, the actual cash flow from a royalty may be significantly lower than our estimates. A significant portion of our future income is dependent upon numerous royalty-specific assumptions and, if these assumptions prove not to be accurate, we may not achieve our expected rates of returns. Our business model is based on multiple-year internal and external forecasts regarding product sales and numerous product-specific assumptions in connection with each royalty acquisition, including where we have limited information regarding the product, sales of our products and licenses to our technology. There can be no assurance that the assumptions underlying our financial models, including those regarding product sales or competition, patent expirations, exclusivity terms, license terms or license terminations for the products underlying our portfolio, products and technology, are accurate. These assumptions involve a significant element of subjective judgment and may be adversely affected by post-acquisition changes in market conditions and other factors affecting the underlying product or technology. The risks relating to these assumptions may be exacerbated for development-stage product candidates due to the uncertainties around their development, labeling, regulatory approval, commercialization timing, manufacturing and supply, competing products or related factors. With respect to our partnered programs, our assumptions regarding the financial stability or operational or marketing capabilities of the partner obligated to pay us royalties or license, milestone or other service payments, may also prove, and in the past have proven, to be incorrect. Due to these and other factors, the assets in our current portfolio or future assets, or our current or future products or technology, may not generate expected returns or returns in line with our historical financial performance or in the time periods we expect or at all, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. The insolvency of any of our partners or third-parties who are developing or commercializing products to which we have economic rights could adversely affect our receipt of cash flows on the related milestones or royalties that we own. If any of our partners or third-parties who are developing or commercializing products to which we have economic rights were to become insolvent and seek to reorganize under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code, as amended, or the Bankruptcy Code, or liquidate under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code (or foreign equivalent), such event could delay or impede the payment of the amounts due to us under any license agreement, royalty purchase agreement or other contract under which we have acquired economic rights, pending a resolution of the insolvency proceeding. Unless we obtained a secured interest, any unpaid royalty payments under our license agreements with our partners and third-parties due for the period prior to the filing of the bankruptcy proceeding could become unsecured claims against such partner or third-party, which might not be paid in full or at all. The actual payment of such post-filing royalty payments could be delayed for a substantial period of time and might not be in the full amount due under such agreements. Given the nature of our royalty purchase agreements, royalty payments due to our partners or third-parties prior to or after a bankruptcy proceeding may not be subject to the insolvency proceeding and may be considered our property, meaning there is a reduced risk of payment delay and/or non-payment. Nevertheless, a partner or third-party or another party with an interest in an insolvency proceeding may attempt to recharacterize the royalty purchase agreement and claim that the royalty payments are property of the bankruptcy estate, in which case we would rely upon contractual protections related to such recharacterizations, which may not be respected in bankruptcy. In addition, certain of agreements with our partners or third-parties permit us to take a secured interest in the intellectual property underlying the licenses and royal purchase agreements and/or other collateral, which may improve our risk profile in an insolvency proceeding. However, even if such transactions are collateralized, we may be, or may become, under-secured in that collateral, or such collateral may lose value or may be liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount we are due pursuant to the terms of the agreements covering the particular assets, and we therefore may not be able to recuperate our capital expenditures associated with such transaction. In some cases and depending on the terms of the agreement, we are not the licensor and instead are dependent on the licensor to enforce its right to royalties under an agreement with a licensee. In any bankruptcy proceeding, the licensor would be prevented by the automatic stay from taking any action to enforce its rights without the permission of the bankruptcy court. In addition, such partner or third-party could elect to reject the license agreement. Though this would prohibit such partner or third-party from continuing to market the applicable product, it would require the licensor to undertake a new effort to market the applicable product with another distributor. Such proceedings could adversely affect the ability of a partner or other payor to make payments with respect to a royalty, and could consequently adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The commercial success of our product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical community. The commercial success of our products, if approved for marketing, will depend in part on the medical community, patients and third-party payers accepting our product candidates as effective and safe. If these products do not achieve an 25 adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our products, if approved for marketing, will depend on a number of factors, including: • the safety and efficacy of the products, and advantages over alternative treatments; • the labeling of any approved product; • the prevalence and severity of any side effects, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product’s approved labeling; • the prevalence of the disease or condition for which the product is approved; • the emergence, and timing of market introduction, of competitive products; • the effectiveness of our and our collaboration partners’ marketing strategy; • obtaining and maintaining adequate pricing and reimbursement; and • sufficient third-party insurance coverage or governmental reimbursement, which may depend on our ability to provide compelling evidence that a product meaningfully improves health outcomes to support such insurance coverage or reimbursement. Even if a potential product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile in preclinical studies and clinical trials, market acceptance of the product will not be known until after it is launched. Any failure to achieve market acceptance for our product candidates will harm our business, results and financial condition. Furthermore, government agencies, as well as private organizations involved in healthcare, from time to time publish guidelines or recommendations to healthcare providers and patients. Such guidelines or recommendations can be very influential and may adversely affect product usage directly (for example, by recommending a decreased dosage of a product in conjunction with a concomitant therapy) or indirectly (for example, by recommending a competitive product over a product in which we have an ownership or royalty interest). Consequently, we do not know if physicians or patients will adopt or use products in which we have an ownership or royalty interest for their approved indications. The success of our business depends on key members of our team. We depend on the expertise, skill and network of business contacts of key members of our team, who evaluate, negotiate, structure, execute, monitor and service our assets and portfolio. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of our team. Our executives must devote substantially all of their business time to managing us, unless otherwise approved by the board of directors. Despite this, key members of our team may have other demands on their time, and we cannot assure you that they will continue to be actively involved in our business. The departure of any of these individuals or competing demands on their time could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our key professionals have relationships with participants in the biopharmaceutical industry, financial institutions and other professionals, which we rely upon to source potential asset acquisition opportunities. If our key professionals fail to maintain such relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sources, we may not be able to grow our portfolio. In addition, we can offer no assurance that these relationships, even if maintained, will generate royalty acquisition opportunities for us in the future. Risks Related to Intellectual Property: Third-party intellectual property may prevent us or our partners from developing our potential products; our and our partners’ intellectual property may not prevent competition; and any intellectual property issues may be expensive and time consuming to resolve. The manufacture, use or sale of our potential products or our licensees’ products or potential products may infringe the patent rights of others. If others obtain patents with conflicting claims, we may be required to obtain licenses to those patents or to develop or obtain alternative technology. We may not be able to obtain any such licenses on acceptable terms, or at all. Any failure to obtain such licenses could delay or prevent us from pursuing the development or commercialization of our potential products, platform and technology. Generally, our success will depend on our ability and the ability of our partners to obtain and maintain patents and other intellectual property rights for our and their potential products and technologies. Our patent position is uncertain and involves complex legal and technical questions for which legal principles are unresolved. Even if we or our partners do obtain patents, such patents may not adequately protect the technology we own or have licensed. We permit our partners to list our patents that cover their branded products in the Orange Book. If a third-party submits a new drug application (“NDA”) or abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”) for a generic drug product that relies in whole 26 or in part on studies contained in our partner’s NDA for their branded product, the third-party will have the option to certify to the FDA that, in the opinion of that third-party, the patents listed in the Orange Book for our partner’s branded product are invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of the third-party’s generic drug product. A third-party certification that a new product will not infringe Orange Book-listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a paragraph IV patent certification. If the third-party submits a paragraph IV patent certification to the FDA, a notice of the paragraph IV patent certification must be sent to the NDA owner and the owner of the patents that are subject to the paragraph IV patent certification notice once the third-party’s NDA or ANDA is accepted for filing by the FDA. A lawsuit may then be initiated to defend the patents identified in the notice. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of notice of a paragraph IV patent certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the generic NDA or ANDA until the earlier of the expiration of a 30-month period, the expiration of the patents, the entry of a settlement order stating that the patents are invalid or not infringed, a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the NDA or ANDA applicant, or such shorter or longer period as the court may order. If a patent infringement lawsuit is not initiated within the required 45-day period, the third-party’s NDA or ANDA will not be subject to the 30-month stay. Several third parties have challenged, and additional third parties may challenge, the patents covering our partner’s branded products, including Kyprolis and Evomela, which could result in the invalidation or unenforceability of some or all of the relevant patent claims. We may from time to time become party to litigation or other proceedings as a result of Paragraph IV certifications. For example, as a result of the settlement of one such matter, Teva will be permitted to market a generic version of Evomela in the United States starting on June 1, 2026 or earlier under certain circumstances. The terms of the settlement agreement are otherwise confidential. Also, as noted above, Amgen previously settled patent litigation related to Kyprolis on confidential terms with several parties, but it has been publicly reported that the U.S. launch date for at least Breckenridge Pharmaceuticals’ applicable generic product will be “on a date that is held as confidential in 2027 or sooner, depending on certain occurrences.” In addition, we cannot assure you that all of the potentially relevant prior art information that was or is deemed available to a person of skill in the relevant art prior to the priority date of the claimed invention-relating to our and our partners’ patents and patent applications has been found. If such prior art exists, it can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application, and we or our partners may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO. Even if our patent applications do successfully issue and even if such patents cover our or our partner’s products or potential products, third parties may initiate litigation or opposition, interference, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, nullification or derivation action in court or before patent offices, or similar proceedings challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of such patents, which may result in the patent claims being narrowed or invalidated, may allow third parties to commercialize our or our partners’ products and compete directly with us and our partners, without payment to us or our partners, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our and our partners’ technology and products. In addition, similar to what other companies in our industry have experienced, we expect our competitors and others may have patents or may in the future obtain patents and claim that making, having made, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our technologies infringes these patents. Defense of infringement and other claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of management and employee resources from our business. Parties making claims against us may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources, or may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which could block our ability to develop, commercialize and sell products or services and could result in the award of substantial damages against us, including treble damages, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses if we are found to have willfully infringed. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be required to pay damages and ongoing royalties and obtain one or more licenses from third parties, or be prohibited from selling certain products or services. As discussed above, we may not be able to obtain these licenses on acceptable or commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or these licenses may be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. In addition, we could encounter delays in product or service introductions while we attempt to develop alternative products or services to avoid infringing third-party patents or proprietary rights. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses could prevent us from commercializing products or services, and the prohibition of sale of any of our technologies could materially affect our business and our ability to gain market acceptance for our technology. Litigation or other proceedings to enforce or defend intellectual property rights are often very complex in nature, may be very expensive and time-consuming, may divert our management’s attention from our core business, and may result in unfavorable results that could adversely impact our ability to prevent third parties from competing with our partner’s products or technologies. Any adverse outcome of such litigation or other proceedings could result in one or more or our patents being held invalid or unenforceable, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. However, given the unpredictability inherent in litigation, we cannot predict or guarantee the outcome of these matters or any other litigation. Regardless of how these matters are ultimately resolved, these matters may be costly, time-consuming and distracting to our management, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. It may be necessary for us to pursue litigation or adversarial proceedings before the 27 patent office in order to enforce our patent and proprietary rights or to determine the scope, coverage and validity of the proprietary rights of others. The outcome of any such litigation might not be favorable to us, and even if we were to prevail, such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. In addition, periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and or applications will be due to the U.S. and various foreign patent offices at various points over the lifetime of our and our licensees’ patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we rely on our outside patent annuity service to pay these fees when due. Additionally, the U.S. and various foreign patent offices require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We engage reputable law firms and other third-party professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with rules applicable to the particular jurisdiction. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Any conflicts with the patent rights of others could significantly reduce the coverage of our patents or limit our ability to obtain meaningful patent protection. For example, our European patent related to Agglomerated forms of Captisol was limited during an opposition proceeding, and the rejection of our European patent application related to High Purity Captisol was upheld on appeal. In addition, any determination that our patent rights are invalid may result in early termination of our agreements with our license partners and could adversely affect our ability to enter into new license agreements. We also rely on unpatented trade secrets and know-how to protect and maintain our competitive position. We require our employees, consultants, licensees and others to sign confidentiality agreements when they begin their relationship with us. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our competitors may independently discover our trade secrets. We may also need to initiate litigation, which could be time-consuming and expensive, to enforce our proprietary rights or to determine the scope and validity of others’ rights. If this occurs, a court may find our patents or those of our licensors invalid or may find that we have infringed on a competitor’s rights. In addition, if any of our competitors have filed patent applications in the United States prior to March 2013 which claim technology we also have invented, the United States Patent and Trademark Office may require us to participate in expensive interference proceedings to determine who has the right to a patent for the technology. In addition, our agreements with some of our partners, suppliers or other entities with whom we do business require us to defend or indemnify these parties to the extent they become involved in infringement claims, including the types of claims described above. We could also voluntarily agree to defend or indemnify third parties in instances where we are not obligated to do so if we determine it would be important to our business relationships. If we are required or agree to defend or indemnify third parties in connection with any infringement claims, we could incur significant costs and expenses that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The occurrence of any of the foregoing problems could be time-consuming and expensive and could adversely affect our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products, platform and technology, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technologies or a platform similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully sell our platform and services may be impaired. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain adequate protection of the intellectual property we may own solely and jointly with others or otherwise have rights to, particularly patents, in the United States and in other countries with respect to our platform, our software and our technologies, without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technologies that we believe are important to our business, including seeking patents intended to cover our platform and related technologies and uses thereof, as we deem appropriate. However, obtaining and enforcing patents in our industry is costly, time-consuming and complex, and we may fail to apply for patents on important products and technologies in a timely fashion or at all, or we may fail to apply for patents in potentially relevant jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that the claims of our patents (or any patent application that issues as a patent), will exclude others from making, using, importing, offering for sale, or selling products or services that are substantially similar to ours. We also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider 28 appropriate for, patent protection. In countries where we have not sought and do not seek patent protection, third parties may be able to manufacture and sell our technology without our permission, and we may not be able to stop them from doing so. We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or maintain, enforce and license any patents that may issue from such patent applications, at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the rights to patents licensed to third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. It is possible that none of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents in a timely fashion or at all, and even if patents are granted, they may not provide a basis for intellectual property protection of commercially viable products or services, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be challenged and invalidated by third parties or deemed unenforceable by a court. It is possible that others will design around our current or future patented technologies. As a result, our owned and licensed patents and patent applications comprising our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing technology and products similar to any of our products, platform and technology. In addition, we may identify third-party intellectual property and technology we may need to acquire or license in order to engage in our business, including to develop or commercialize new technologies. However, such licenses may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, geopolitical actions in the United States and in foreign countries could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution or maintenance of our patent applications or those of any current or future license partners and the maintenance, enforcement or defense of our issued patents or those of any current or future license partners. For example, the United States and foreign government actions related to Russia’s conflict in Ukraine may limit or prevent filing, prosecution, and maintenance of patent applications in Russia. Government actions may also prevent maintenance of issued patents in Russia. These actions could result in abandonment or lapse of our or our license partners’ patents or patent applications, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in Russia. If such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a decree was adopted by the Russian government in March 2022, allowing Russian companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patentees from the United States without consent or compensation. Consequently, we or our license partners would not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our or our inventions in Russia or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into Russia. Accordingly, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. Issued patents directed to our platform and technology could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Some of our patents or patent applications (including licensed patents) may be challenged at a future point in time in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents in this or any other proceeding could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents or amendment to our patents in such a way that any resulting protection may lead to increased competition to our business, which could harm our business. In addition, in patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on certain aspects of our platform technologies. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future products, platform and technology. We may not be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our products, platform and technology. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until approximately 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not until such patent applications issue as patents. We or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions included in each of our pending patent applications and we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions. There is also no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications or licensed patents and patent applications has been found, which could be used by a third-party to challenge their validity, or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. To determine the priority of these inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings (with respect to patent applications filed prior to March 2013), derivation proceedings or other post-grant proceedings declared by the USPTO that could result in substantial cost to us. The outcome of such proceedings is uncertain. No assurance can be given that other patent applications will not have priority over our patent applications. In addition, changes to the patent laws of the United States allow for various post-grant opposition proceedings that have not been extensively tested, and their outcome is therefore 29 uncertain. Furthermore, if third parties bring these proceedings against our patents, we could experience significant costs and management distraction. The validity, scope and enforceability of any patents that cover our partners’ biologic product candidate can be challenged by third parties. For biologics, the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, BPCIA, provides a mechanism for one or more third parties to seek FDA approval to manufacture or sell biosimilar or interchangeable versions of brand name biological products. Due to the large size and complexity of biological products, as compared to small molecules, a biosimilar must be “highly similar” to the reference product with “no clinically meaningful differences between the two.” The BPCIA does not require reference product sponsors to list patents in an Orange Book and does not include an automatic 30-month stay of FDA approval upon the timely filing of a lawsuit. The BPCIA, however, does require a formal pre-litigation process which includes the exchange of information between a biosimilar applicant and a reference biologic sponsor that includes the identification of relevant patents and each parties’ basis for infringement and invalidity. After the exchange of this information, sponsors may then initiate a lawsuit within 30 days to defend the patents identified in the exchange. If the biosimilar applicant successfully challenges the asserted patent claims it could result in the invalidation of, or render unenforceable, some or all of the relevant patent claims or result in a finding of non-infringement. Such litigation or other proceedings to enforce or defend intellectual property rights are often very complex in nature, may be very expensive and time-consuming, may divert our management’s attention from our core business, and may result in unfavorable results that could limit our partners’ ability to prevent third parties from competing with their products or product candidates. We are typically not involved in maintaining, enforcing and defending patent rights on products that generate our royalties. Our right to receive royalties generally depends on the existence of valid and enforceable claims of registered or issued patents in the United States and elsewhere in the world. The products on which we receive payments are dependent on patent protection and on the fact that the manufacturing, marketing and selling of such products do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property rights of third parties. Typically, we have no ability to control the prosecution, maintenance, enforcement or defense of patent rights, but must rely on the willingness and ability of our partners or their marketers to do so. There can be no assurance that these third parties will vigorously prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend such rights. Even if such third parties seek to prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend such rights, they may not be successful. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has been the subject of much litigation. Furthermore, changes in patent laws or interpretation of patent laws in the United States and in other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties surrounding the successful prosecution of patent applications and the successful enforcement or defense of issued patents by our partners, all of which could diminish the value of patent protection relating to the biopharmaceutical assets. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of the patent rights of our partners and their marketers are highly uncertain. In addition, such third parties’ pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect their products, development-stage product candidates and technologies or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products, development-stage product candidates and technologies. Moreover, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if the patent applications our partners and their marketers license or own do issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide them with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with them or otherwise provide them with any competitive advantage. Competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent patents of our partners and their marketers by developing similar or alternative products in a non-infringing manner. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit the ability of our partners and their marketers from preventing others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of their products, development-stage product candidates and technologies. Any loss or reduction in the scope or duration of patent protection for any product that generates our royalties, or any failure to successfully prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend any patents that protect any such product may result in a decrease in the sales of such product and any associated royalties payable to us. Any such event would adversely affect the ability of the payor to make payments of royalties to us or may otherwise reduce the value of our royalties, and could consequently adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In cases where our contractual arrangements with our partner permit us to do so, we could participate in patent suits brought by third parties but this could result in substantial litigation costs, divert management’s attention from our core business and there can be no assurance that such suits would be successful. Changes in patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products, platform and technology. 30 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents, and may diminish our ability to protect our inventions, obtain, maintain, enforce and protect our intellectual property rights and, more generally, could affect the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our future owned and licensed patents. Depending on future actions by the United States Congress, the United States courts, the USPTO and the relevant law-making bodies in other countries, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our or our license partners’ ability to obtain new patents and patents that we or our license partners’ might obtain in the future. For example, on June 1, 2023, the European Union Patent Package (“EU Patent Package”) regulations were implemented with the goal of providing a single pan-European Unitary Patent and a new European Unified Patent Court (“UPC”) for litigation involving European patents. As a result, all European patents, including those issued prior to ratification of the EU Patent Package, now by default automatically fall under the jurisdiction of the UPC. It is uncertain how the UPC will impact granted European patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. Our or our license partners’ European patent applications, if issued, could be challenged in the UPC. During the first seven years of the UPC’s existence, the UPC legislation allows a patent owner to opt its European patents out of the jurisdiction of the UPC. We or our license partners may decide to opt out future European patents from the UPC, but doing so may preclude us or our license partners from realizing the benefits of the UPC. Moreover, if we or our license partners do not meet all of the formalities and requirements for opt-out under the UPC, our or our license partners’ future European patents could remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC. The UPC will provide our and our license partners’ competitors with a new forum to centrally revoke our European patents, and allow for the possibility of a competitor to obtain pan-European injunction. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our or our license partners business and ability to commercialize our technology and product candidates and, resultantly, on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. We rely on in-licenses from third parties. If we lose these rights, our business may be materially and adversely affected, our ability to develop improvements to our technology platform may be negatively and substantially impacted, and if disputes arise, we may be subjected to future litigation, as well as the potential loss of or limitations on our ability to incorporate the technology covered by these license agreements. We are party to royalty-bearing license agreements that grant us rights to practice certain patent rights that are related to our products, platform and technology. In spite of our efforts to comply with our obligations under our in-license agreements, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our obligations under our license agreements and might therefore, including in connection with any aforementioned disputes, terminate the relevant license agreement, thereby removing or limiting our ability to develop and commercialize technology covered by these license agreements. If any such in-license is terminated, or if the licensed patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties might have the freedom to market or develop technologies similar to ours. In addition, absent the rights granted to us under our license agreements, we may infringe the intellectual property rights that are the subject of those agreements, we may be subject to litigation by the licensor, and if such litigation by the licensor is successful we may be required to pay damages to our licensor, or we may be required to cease our development and commercialization activities that are deemed infringing, and in such event we may ultimately need to modify our activities or technologies to design around such infringement, which may be time- and resource-consuming, and which ultimately may not be successful. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, our rights to certain components of our technology platform, may be licensed to us on a non-exclusive basis. The owners of these non-exclusively licensed technologies are therefore free to license them to third parties, including our competitors, on terms that may be superior to those offered to us, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor’s rights. In addition, certain of our agreements with third parties may provide that intellectual property arising under these agreements, such as data that could be valuable to our business, will be owned by the third-party, in which case, we may not have adequate rights to use such data or have exclusivity with respect to the use of such data, which could result in third parties, including our competitors, being able to use such data to compete with us. We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, partners or other third parties have an interest in our or our in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship of our or our licensors’ ownership of our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our systems, including our software, workflows, consumables and reagents. Even if we 31 are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees, and certain partners or partners may defer engaging with us until the particular dispute is resolved. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our information and our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially and adversely affected and our business could be harmed. We rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, including parts of our technology platform, and to maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. In addition to pursuing patents on our technology, we take steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology by entering into agreements, including confidentiality agreements, non-disclosure agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements, with our employees, consultants, academic institutions, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisers. However, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties, and we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. For example, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements, and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized disclosure, which could adversely impact our ability to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in the market. If we are required to assert our rights against such party, it could result in significant cost and distraction. Monitoring unauthorized disclosure and detection of unauthorized disclosure is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or will be, adequate. If we were to enforce a claim that a third-party had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome would be unpredictable. In addition, some courts both within and outside the United States may be less willing, or unwilling, to protect trade secrets. Further, we may need to share our trade secrets and confidential know-how with current or future partners, collaborators, contractors and others located in countries at heightened risk of theft of trade secrets, including through direct intrusion by private parties or foreign actors, and those affiliated with or controlled by state actors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our confidential proprietary information by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, but it is possible that these security measures could be breached. If any of our confidential proprietary information were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third-party, absent patent protection, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently discovered by a competitor or other third-party, it could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings: Market acceptance and sales of any approved product will depend significantly on the availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors and may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures. Sales of the products we may market or license to our collaboration partners and the royalties we receive will depend in large part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement is available from government and health administration authorities, private health maintenance organizations and health insurers, and other healthcare payors. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of healthcare products. Healthcare payors, including Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Government and other healthcare payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products. Even if a product is approved by the FDA, insurance coverage may not be available, and reimbursement levels may be inadequate, to cover the costs associated with the research, development, marketing and sale of the product. If government and other healthcare payors do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for any product, market acceptance and any sales could be reduced. From time to time, legislation is implemented to reign in rising healthcare expenditures. By way of example, the Affordable Care Act (“ACA”) was enacted in 2010 and included a number of provisions affecting the pharmaceutical industry, including, among other things, annual, non-deductible fees on any entity that manufactures or imports some types of branded prescription drugs and increases in Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or congressional challenges or legislative modifications in the future. It is unclear how such challenges or modifications, and the healthcare reform measures of the current administration, will impact the ACA and our business. 32 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, beginning April 1, 2013, Medicare payments to providers were reduced under the sequestration required by the Budget Control Act of 2011, which will remain in effect through 2032, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Additionally, on January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminated the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, beginning January 1, 2024. Previously, the Medicaid rebate was capped at 100% of a drug’s average manufacturer price, or AMP. The cost of prescription pharmaceuticals in the United States has also been the subject of considerable discussion in the United States. There have been several Congressional inquiries, as well as legislative and regulatory initiatives and executive orders designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. In addition, on December 8, 2023, the National Institute of Standards and Technology published for comment a Draft Interagency Guidance Framework for Considering the Exercise of march-in rights, which for the first time includes the price of a product as one factor an agency can use when deciding to exercise march-in rights. While march-in rights have not previously been exercised, it is uncertain whether that will continue under the new framework. It is unclear whether or how much such rights may be exercised. Moreover, the federal government and the individual states in the United States have become increasingly active in developing proposals, passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control drug pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, formulary flexibility, marketing cost disclosure, drug price increase reporting, and other transparency measures. These types of initiatives may result in additional reductions in Medicare, Medicaid, and other healthcare funding. Most significantly, on August 16, 2022, the former President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) into law. This statute marks the most significant action by Congress with respect to the pharmaceutical industry since adoption of the ACA in 2010. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. HHS has and will continue to issue and update guidance as these programs are implemented. On August 29, 2023, HHS announced the list of the first ten drugs that will be subject to price negotiations, although the Medicare drug price negotiation program is currently subject to legal challenges. HHS has generally won substantive disputes in these cases, including cases on appeal, although certain cases continue to seek appellate review. We expect that these and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage and payment criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward pressure on the prices that can be realized for any approved drug. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us or our partners from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize drugs. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for drug candidates or additional pricing pressures. The current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government including at HHS, the FDA, CMS and related agencies. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. These actions and proposals may, for example, include directives: (1) reducing agency workforce and cutting programs; (2) rescinding a Biden administration executive order tasking the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, or CMMI, to consider new payment and healthcare models to limit drug spending; (3) directing HHS and other agencies to lower prescription drug costs through a variety of initiatives, including by improving upon the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program and establishing Most- Favored-Nation pricing for pharmaceutical products; (4) imposing tariffs on imported pharmaceutical products; and (5) directing certain federal agencies to enforce existing law regarding hospital and plan price transparency and by standardizing prices across hospitals and health plans. Congress may introduce and ultimately pass health care related legislation that could impact the drug approval process and make changes to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program created under the IRA. This could lower the price that we receive for any approved product. Furthermore, on July 4, 2025, legislation commonly 33 referred to as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) was signed into law, which reduced funding to federal healthcare programs and imposed additional requirements to be eligible for healthcare, which may result in decreased access to healthcare, particularly in Medicaid programs. We cannot predict with certainty what impact any federal or state health reforms will have on us, but such changes could impose new or more stringent regulatory requirements or result in reduced reimbursement for our products, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we or our commercialization partners market products in a manner that violates healthcare laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. We and our collaboration partners are subject to federal and state healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse, government price reporting, anti-kickback, false claims, physician payment transparency and civil monetary penalties. These laws may impact, among other things, financial arrangements with physicians, sales, marketing and education programs and the manner in which any of those activities are implemented. If our operations or those of our collaboration partners are found to be in violation of any of those laws or any other applicable governmental regulations, we or our collaboration partners may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government healthcare programs or the curtailment or restructuring of operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial condition. Pricing and rebate calculations vary among products and programs. The calculations are complex and are often subject to interpretation by our collaboration partners, governmental or regulatory agencies, and the courts. CMS, the Department of Health & Human Services Office of Inspector General, and other governmental agencies have pursued manufacturers that were alleged to have failed to report these data to the government in a timely or accurate manner. Governmental agencies may also make changes in program interpretations, requirements or conditions of participation, some of which may have implications for amounts previously estimated or paid. We cannot assure you that any submissions by our collaboration partners to federal healthcare programs, and other governmental drug pricing programs, will not be found to be incomplete or incorrect. Changes in and actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data privacy, security and protection laws, regulations, standards and contractual obligations may adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance. We and our partners may be subject to federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations that govern data privacy and security. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues, which may affect our business and may increase our compliance costs and exposure to liability. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information, including state data breach notification laws, federal and state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. Each of these laws is subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations we could be subject to penalties or sanctions. For example, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and regulations implemented thereunder (collectively, “HIPAA”) or applicable state laws. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to criminal and civil penalties if we violate HIPAA. Requirements for compliance under HIPAA are also subject to changes, as the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Civil Rights issued a proposed rule that would amend certain security compliance requirements for covered entities and business associates. Certain states have also adopted comparable privacy and security laws and regulations, which govern the privacy, processing and protection of health-related and other personal information. Such laws and regulations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our future customers and strategic partners. For example, CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA created new individual privacy rights for California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their data, the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information (including health information). The CCPA places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling certain personal data of California residents or households, limits data use and mandates audit requirements for higher risk data. The CCPA also creates as a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data and some other health data under the CCPA, as currently written, the CCPA may impact our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and Protected Health Information (“PHI”). The CCPA is enforced by the California Privacy Protection Agency, a data protection authority, which has the power to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in other states and are continuing to be proposed at the state and federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. Many states have adopted statewide comprehensive privacy laws and other states have privacy legislation that is pending. Many of these new state laws contain some type of exemption for information 34 collected under HIPAA and some data processed in the context of clinical trials, either at the entity level or the data level, so the impact might be limited particularly as it relates to PHI. Some states also have laws that specifically focus on the processing of personal data related to individuals’ health, including California’s Confidentiality of Medical Information Act and Washington’s My Health My Data Act. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. Further, the existence of comprehensive privacy laws in different states in the country would make our compliance obligations more complex and costly and may increase the likelihood that we may be subject to enforcement actions or otherwise incur liability for non-compliance. In addition, all 50 U.S. states and territories and international jurisdictions have varying breach notification laws that may require us to notify patients, employees or regulators in the event of unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal or confidential data experienced by us or our service providers. These laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is difficult and may be costly. We also may be contractually required to notify patients or other counterparties of a security breach. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. These and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. We are also or may become subject to rapidly evolving data protection laws, rules and regulations in foreign jurisdictions. For example, GDPR governs certain collection and other processing activities involving personal data about individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Companies that must comply with the GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of data protection requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. The European Data Protection Board continues to release guidelines for industries and impose fines related to the GDPR, some of which have been very significant, including proposed amendments to the GDPR in November 2025. Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States, and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the EEA and the United States remains uncertain. The EU-US Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) also introduced a transfer mechanism for transfers between the E.U. and U.S. with a new redress mechanism for E.U. citizens which addresses a key concern in the previous Court of Justice of the European Union judgments and may mean transfers under standard contractual clauses are less likely to be challenged in future. With the advice of outside counsel and privacy experts, we take appropriate steps to ensure transfers of personal data outside the EEA and the UK, including to the United States, are conducted in a manner consistent with applicable law and legal requirements. We expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international personal data transfers to continue. In particular, we expect the DPF Adequacy Decision to be challenged and international transfers to the United States and to other jurisdictions more generally to continue to be subject to enhanced scrutiny by regulators. As a result, we may have to make certain operational changes and we will have to implement revised standard contractual clauses and other relevant documentation for existing data transfers within required time frames. Since the beginning of 2021, after the end of the transition period following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union, we are also subject to the United Kingdom data protection regime, which imposes separate but similar obligations to those under the GDPR and comparable penalties, including fines of up to £17.5 million or 4% of a noncompliant company’s global annual revenue for the preceding financial year, whichever is greater. On October 12, 2023, the UK Extension to the DPF came into effect (as approved by the UK Government), as a UK GDPR data transfer mechanism to U.S. entities self-certified under the UK Extension to the DPF. As we continue to expand into other foreign countries and jurisdictions, we may be subject to additional laws and regulations that may affect how we conduct business. In addition, on June 19, 2025, the UK’s Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 (the “DUAA”) was granted Royal Assent, implementing various measures concerning data usage in the UK and reforming data protection laws. The provisions within the DUAA will come into force through 2026, and it remains too soon to tell how the DUAA will be implemented and what impact it will have on our international activities. Further, other EU and member state laws and regulations may impose further obligations or restrictions on processing health information in the EEA, such as the European Health Data Space Regulation. In the EEA, the NIS 2 Directive (“NIS 2”) is replacing the cybersecurity legal framework under the current NIS framework, aiming to ensure a high level of cybersecurity in the region. NIS 2 brings new medium and large organizations providing services in the EEA within scope of the legal framework. It extends to additional sectors and expands the list of in-scope healthcare organizations, including to certain providers engaged in research and development of medicinal products. The new regime imposes direct obligations on management in respect of an in-scope organization's compliance with NIS 2, requires covered organizations to put in place certain cyber risk management measures, strengthens incident reporting requirements and provides supervisory authorities with greater oversight. The majority of obligations will come into force when national legislation implementing NIS 2 becomes effective in the relevant EU member state. EU member states had until October 17, 2024 to transpose NIS 2 into national legislation, although many countries have still not completed the transposition. As such, the cybersecurity regulatory landscape in the EU is currently fragmented and uncertain. To the extent that we become subject to NIS 2 in the future, we may 35 require additional investment of our resources in compliance programs. Under NIS 2, companies may be subject to administrative fines of up to the higher amount of €10 million or 2% of worldwide turnover. Furthermore, the FTC also has authority to initiate enforcement actions against entities that make deceptive statements about privacy and data sharing in privacy policies, fail to limit third-party use of personal health information, fail to implement policies to protect personal health information or engage in other unfair practices that harm customers or that may violate Section 5 of the FTC Act. Failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers’ personal information secure can constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. The FTC expects a company’s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Additionally, the FTC’s Health Breach Notification Rule applies to health apps and other similar technologies and expanded breach notification requirements, which adds complexity to compliance obligations. Further, the SEC implemented rules around incident reporting, requiring cybersecurity incidents to be reported four business days after determining that an incident is material. Federal and state consumer protection laws are increasingly being applied by FTC and states’ attorneys general to regulate the collection, use, storage, and disclosure of personal or personally identifiable information, through websites or otherwise, and to regulate the presentation of website content. Compliance with applicable data privacy and security laws, rules and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, require us to engage in costly compliance exercises, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our or our partners’ ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Each of these constantly evolving laws can be subject to varying interpretations. If we fail to comply with any such laws, rules or regulations, we may face government investigations and/or enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties, private litigation or adverse publicity that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The use of Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) present unique risks and challenges that could adversely impact our business. We may use certain AI technologies, which presents risks and challenges that could adversely impact our business. As with many innovations, ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices could result in unintended consequences. For example, AI algorithms we use in connection with our operations may be flawed or based on datasets that are biased or insufficient, potentially leading to errors in our business processes. Disruption or failure in AI functionality could adversely affect our business, cause delays or inaccuracies in our offerings, or harm our reputation. Conversely, if we are unable to adopt and deploy AI effectively as quickly as our competitors, it may cause us to be relatively less productive or innovative, adversely impacting our competitiveness and requiring additional investments that increase our costs. Laws and regulations regarding AI technologies are rapidly evolving as well, including in the areas of intellectual property, cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations, or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant operational and financial burdens and may limit our ability to develop, deploy, or use AI technologies in our business. The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we or our partners are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of drugs and biologics are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S. and by comparable foreign regulatory authorities in foreign markets. In the U.S., neither we nor our partners are permitted to market our product candidates in the U.S. until we receive approval of a biologics license application (“BLA”) or an NDA from the FDA. The process of obtaining such regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Approval policies or regulations may change, and the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of product candidates, regulatory approval of a product candidate is never guaranteed. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize a drug or biological product candidate in the U.S. or abroad, we or our partners must demonstrate with substantial evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that such product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses, and in the case of biological products in the U.S., that such product candidates are safe, pure and potent. Results from nonclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we or our partners believe available nonclinical or clinical data support the safety purity, potency or efficacy of our product candidates, such data may not be sufficient to obtain approval from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, as the case may be, may also require us or our partners to conduct additional nonclinical studies or 36 clinical trials for our product candidates either prior to or post-approval, or may object to elements of clinical development programs. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including: • such authorities may disagree with the design or execution of clinical trials; • negative or ambiguous results from clinical trials or results may not meet the level of statistical significance or persuasiveness required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies for approval; • serious and unexpected drug-related side effects may be experienced by participants in clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar to the applicable product candidates; • the population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population for which we or our partners seek approval; • such authorities may not accept clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from that of their own country; • we or our partners may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate’s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; • such authorities may disagree with our or our partners’ interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • such authorities may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of a BLA, NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere, and such authorities may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; • such authorities may disagree with us or our partners regarding the formulation, labeling and/or product specifications; • approval may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than those sought by us or our partners, and/or may include significant restrictions on distribution and use; • such authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of the third-party manufacturers utilized for clinical and commercial supplies; or • such authorities may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission. With respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and, in addition to the foregoing risks, may involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with pricing authorities. Even if we or our partners eventually complete clinical trials and receive approval of a BLA, NDA or comparable foreign marketing application for our product candidates, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials and/or the implementation of burdensome monitoring requirements to address safety concerns. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval would delay or prevent commercialization of that product candidate, which could materially and adversely impact our revenues, business and prospects. Pharmaceutical products are subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. For any regulatory approvals that we or our partners may receive for our respective product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our product candidates will remain subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as ongoing compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMPs”) and Good Clinical Practice requirements for any clinical trials that we or they may conduct. In addition, manufacturers of drug and biological products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic, unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations and standards. In addition, regulatory approvals require the submission of periodic reports to regulatory authorities and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product, and such approvals may contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. For example, the FDA may require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy as a condition of approval, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician training and communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. 37 If we, our partners or a regulatory agency discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facilities where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturing facility or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. In addition, failure to comply with FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory requirements may lead to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including: • restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • restrictions on product distribution or use, or requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; • fines, restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenues, warning letters, untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; • refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of approvals; • product seizures or detentions, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our or our partners’ ability to commercialize and generate revenue from products and could require us or our partners to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. In addition, the FDA’s and other regulatory authorities’ policies may change and additional government regulations may be promulgated that could prevent, limit or delay marketing authorization of any product candidates we or our partners develop. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. We or our collaboration partners may rely on orphan drug status to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates, but orphan drug designations may not confer marketing exclusivity or other expected commercial benefits and we or our collaboration partners may not be able to obtain orphan drug designations for our other product candidates. We may rely on orphan drug exclusivity for product candidates that we may develop. Orphan drug status confers seven years of marketing exclusivity in the United States under the Federal Food Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and up to ten years of marketing exclusivity in Europe for a particular product in a specified indication, subject to certain conditions. However, we may be unable to obtain orphan drug designations for any of our product candidates that we are currently developing or may pursue. Even if we do obtain orphan drug designations and are the first to obtain marketing approval of our product candidates for the applicable indications, we will not be able to rely on these designations to exclude other companies from manufacturing or selling biological products using the same principal molecular structural features for the same indication beyond these timeframes. Furthermore, any marketing exclusivity in Europe can be reduced from ten years to six years if the initial designation criteria have significantly changed since the market authorization of the orphan product. For any product candidate for which we may be granted orphan drug designation in a particular indication, it is possible that another company also holding orphan drug designation for the same product candidate will receive marketing approval for the same indication before we do. If that were to happen, our applications for that indication may not be approved until the competing company’s period of exclusivity expires. Even if we are the first to obtain marketing authorization for an orphan drug indication in the United States, there are circumstances under which a competing product may be approved for the same indication during the seven-year period of marketing exclusivity, such as if the later product is shown to be clinically superior to our orphan product, or if the later product is deemed a different product than ours. Further, the seven-year marketing exclusivity would not prevent competitors from obtaining approval of the same product candidate as ours for indications other than those in which we have been granted orphan drug designation, or for the use of other types of products in the same indications as our orphan product. Orphan drug designation does not shorten the development time or regulatory review time of a drug and does not give the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. Changes in funding for the FDA and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business or the business of our partners. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. The current U.S. administration also has taken steps to reduce the number of federal employees by establishing voluntary termination programs, by position eliminations or by involuntary terminations. 38 If funding for the FDA is reduced or if the FDA workforce is reduced, these factors could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our or our partners’ regulatory submissions, which may have a material adverse effect on review times or other processing functions. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs and biologics to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business or the business of our partners. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if there are other significant changes in funding, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to provide feedback on clinical trials and development programs, to meet with sponsors and to otherwise timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If the timing of FDA’s review and approval of new products is delayed, the timing of our or our partners’ development process may be delayed which would result in delayed milestone revenues and materially harm our operations of business. Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. Even though the FDA has resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, any future pandemics may lead to further inspectional or administrative delays. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to future pandemics. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to hinder or prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our or our partners’ regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If plaintiffs bring product liability lawsuits against us or our partners, we or our partners may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our approved products and product candidates. As is common in our industry, we and our partners face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates in clinical trials and face an even greater risk for commercialized products. Although we are not currently a party to product liability litigation, if we are sued, we may be held liable if any product or product candidate we develop causes injury or is found otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in decreased demand for any product candidates, partnered products or products that we may develop, injury to our reputation, discontinuation of clinical trials, costs to defend litigation, substantial monetary awards to clinical trial participants or patients, loss of revenue and product recall or withdrawal from the market and the inability to commercialize any products that we develop. We have product liability insurance that covers our clinical trials up to a $15.0 million annual limit. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our product liability related expenses or losses and may not cover us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. If we are sued for any injury caused by our product candidates, partnered products or any future products, our liability could exceed our total assets. We face risks related to handling of hazardous materials and other regulations governing environmental safety. Our operations are subject to complex and stringent environmental, health, safety and other governmental laws and regulations that both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce. Our activities that are subject to these regulations include, among other things, our use of hazardous materials and the generation, transportation and storage of waste. Although we have secured clearance from the EPA historically, and currently are operating in material compliance with applicable EPA rules and regulations, our business could be adversely affected if we discover that we or an acquired business is not in material compliance with these rules and regulations. In the future, we may pursue the use of other surfactant substances that will require clearance from the EPA, and we may fail to obtain such clearance. Existing laws and regulations may also be revised or reinterpreted, or new laws and regulations may become applicable to us, whether retroactively or prospectively, that may have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. It is also impossible to eliminate completely the risk of accidental environmental contamination or injury to individuals. In such an event, we could be liable for any damages that result, which could adversely affect our business. We may also be subject to other laws and regulations not specifically targeting the healthcare industry. Certain regulations not specifically targeting the healthcare industry also could have material effects on our operations. For example, the California Financing Law (the “CFL”), Division 9, Sections 22000-22780.1 of the California Financial Code, could be applied to us as a result of loans or similar arrangements we enter into with partners. If a regulator were to take the position that such loans were covered by the California Financing Law, we could be subject to regulatory action that could impair our ability to continue to operate and may have a material adverse effect on our profitability and business as we currently do not hold a CFL finance lenders license. Pursuant to an exemption under the CFL, a person may make five or fewer commercial loans with a California nexus in a 12-month period without a CFL finance lenders license if such loans are “incidental” to the business of the person making the loan. This exemption, however, creates some uncertainty as to which 39 loans could be deemed as incidental to our business. In addition, there is another exemption that would allow a person without a CFL finance lenders license to make a single commercial loan with a California nexus in a 12-month period. Risk Related to Our Strategic Transactions: Any difficulties from strategic acquisitions and other M&A transactions could adversely affect our stock price, operating results and results of operations. We may acquire companies, businesses and products with significant royalty assets or where we believe we could create significant synthetic royalties or that otherwise complement or augment our existing business. We may not be able to integrate any acquired business successfully or operate any acquired business profitably or these acquired businesses may not perform as we project. Integrating any newly acquired business could be expensive and time-consuming. Integration efforts often take a significant amount of time, place a significant strain on managerial, operational and financial resources and could prove to be more difficult or expensive than we predict. The diversion of our management’s attention and any delay or difficulties encountered in connection with any future acquisitions we may consummate could result in the disruption of our ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards and controls that could negatively affect our ability to maintain third-party relationships. Moreover, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing, or issue additional shares, to acquire any businesses or products, which may result in dilution for stockholders or the incurrence of indebtedness. In addition, the acquisition of operating biopharmaceutical companies could result in the assumption of, or exposure to, liabilities of the acquired business that are not inherent in our other royalty acquisitions, such as direct exposure to product liability claims, high fixed costs or an expansion of our operations and expense structure, thereby potentially decreasing our profitability. As part of our efforts to acquire companies, business or product candidates or to enter into other significant transactions, we conduct business, legal and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating material risks involved in the transaction. Despite our efforts, we ultimately may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all such risks and, as a result, might not realize the intended advantages of the transaction. If we fail to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions we may consummate in the future or have consummated in the past, whether as a result of unidentified risks, integration difficulties, regulatory setbacks, litigation with current or former employees and other events, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. If we acquire product candidates, we will also need to make certain assumptions about, among other things, development costs, the likelihood of receiving regulatory approval and the market for such product candidates. Our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, which could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions. In addition, we will likely experience significant charges to earnings in connection with our efforts, if any, to consummate acquisitions. For transactions that are ultimately not consummated, these charges may include fees and expenses for investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other advisors in connection with our efforts. Even if our efforts are successful, we may incur, as part of a transaction, substantial charges for closure costs associated with elimination of duplicate operations and facilities and acquired in-process research and development charges. In either case, the incurrence of these charges could adversely affect our results of operations for particular quarterly or annual periods. We may also seek to expand our market opportunity by acquiring securities issued by biopharmaceutical companies. Where we acquire equity securities as all or part of the consideration for M&A acquisitions or other business development activities, the value of those securities will fluctuate, and may depreciate. We may not control the companies in which we acquire securities, and as a result, we may have limited ability to determine management, operational decisions or policies of such companies. Further, such transactions may face risks and liabilities that due diligence efforts fail to discover, that are not disclosed to us, or that we inadequately assess. In addition, as a result of our business model, we may receive material non-public information about other companies. Where such information relates to a company whose equity securities we hold, we may be delayed or prevented from selling such securities when we would otherwise choose to do so, and such delay or prohibition may result in a loss or reduced gain on such securities. We continue to have exposure to risks related to Pelthos due to our ongoing equity ownership and other investments in Pelthos, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In July 2025 and November 2025 we completed the Pelthos Transaction and the Pelthos Convertible Notes Financing, respectively, and we currently own approximately 50% of Pelthos’ outstanding shares of common stock and Series A convertible preferred stock.  As a result, we remain exposed to the operational, financial, legal, regulatory, and market risks associated with Pelthos. The market value of our equity interest in Pelthos may fluctuate significantly due to factors beyond our control. In addition, our continued investment in Pelthos could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and investors should not view the Pelthos Transaction and the Pelthos Convertible Notes Financing as eliminating our exposure to risks associated with Pelthos. 40 Other Risks: Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: • the royalties from the sales of Kyprolis, Qarziba, Filspari, Evomela, Teriparatide, Vaxneuvance, Ohtuvayre, Capvaxive and Rylaze and other products sold by our partners; • the success of our collaboration partners’ preclinical and clinical programs; • the timing of Captisol purchases for use in clinical trials and commercial products; • the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research, development, regulatory approval and commercialization activities relating to our internal development programs, which may change from time to time; • expenditures that we may incur to acquire or develop additional product candidates and platform technologies; and • future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies. The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results and revenues. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated revenue or earnings guidance we may provide. Changes or modifications in financial accounting standards, including those related to revenue recognition, may harm our results of operations. From time to time, the FASB either alone or jointly with other organizations, promulgates new accounting principles that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. For example, in May 2014, FASB issued an accounting standard for revenue recognition-Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , or ASC 606-that supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. The guidance requires a company to recognize revenue upon transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance became effective in fiscal 2018. Under ASC 606, Ligand estimates and books royalties in the same quarter that our partners report the sale of the underlying product. We rely on our partners’ earning releases and other information from our partners to determine the sales of our partners’ products and to estimate the related royalty revenues. If our partners report incorrect sales, or if our partners delay reporting of their earnings release, our royalty estimates may need to be revised and/or our financial reporting may be delayed. Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition, or results of operations. New tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be enacted at any time. For instance, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 imposes, among other rules, a 15% minimum tax on the book income of certain large corporations and a 1% excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases. In addition, the OBBBA includes significant federal tax law changes which, among other impacts, modify and make permanent certain business tax provisions originally enacted in the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted differently, changed, repealed, or modified at any time. Any such enactment, interpretation, change, repeal, or modification could adversely affect us, possibly with retroactive effect. In particular, changes in corporate tax rates, the realization of our net deferred tax assets, the taxation of foreign earnings, and the deductibility of expenses under the Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act or any future tax reform legislation, could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, result in significant one-time charges, and increase our future tax expenses. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. As of December 31, 2025, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) of approximately $4.3 million and $162.1 million, respectively. Our federal NOLs expire through 2037 and our state NOLs begin to expire in 2028, if not utilized. Under the Tax Act, any federal NOLs arising in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017 will carry forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2025, we had federal and California research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $0 million and $24.3 million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credit 41 carryforwards expire in various years through 2040, if not utilized. The California research and development credit will carry forward indefinitely. Under Sections 382 and 383 of Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change,” the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its future post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an “ownership change” occurs if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by “5% shareholders,” as defined in the Code, that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We believe we have experienced certain ownership changes in the past and have reduced our deferred tax assets related to NOLs and research and development tax credit carryforwards accordingly. In the event that it is determined that we have in the past experienced additional ownership changes, or if we experience one or more ownership changes as a result future transactions in our stock, then we may be further limited in our ability to use our NOLs and other tax assets to reduce taxes owed on the net taxable income that we earn. Furthermore, under the Tax Act, although the treatment of tax losses generated in taxable years beginning before December 31, 2017 has generally not changed, tax losses generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may only offset 80% of our taxable income. This change may require us to pay federal income taxes in future years despite having potentially generated a loss for federal income tax purposes in prior years. Any such limitations on the ability to use our NOLs and other tax assets could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. If the OmniAb Distribution, together with certain related transactions (including the OmniAb Separation), failed to qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, or the OmniAb Merger failed to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code, we could incur significant tax liabilities. On March 23, 2022, we entered into (i) an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “OmniAb Merger Agreement”), among Ligand, OmniAb, Avista Public Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (“APAC”), and Orwell Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of APAC (“Merger Sub”), and (ii) a Separation and Distribution Agreement (the “OmniAb Separation and Distribution Agreement”), among Ligand, OmniAb and APAC. Prior to the effective time of the OmniAb Merger (defined below), APAC migrated to and domesticated as a Delaware corporation (“New OmniAb”) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the OmniAb Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the OmniAb Separation and Distribution Agreement, we, prior to the effective time of the OmniAb Merger (i) transferred our then-antibody discovery business (the “OmniAb Business”), including certain of our related subsidiaries, to OmniAb (the “OmniAb Separation”) and (ii) in connection therewith, distributed 100% of OmniAb’s common stock held by Ligand to Ligand stockholders (the “OmniAb Distribution”). We also contributed to OmniAb cash and certain specific assets and liabilities constituting the OmniAb Business. Following the OmniAb Separation and the OmniAb Distribution, on November 1, 2022, in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the OmniAb Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into OmniAb, with OmniAb continuing as the surviving company and wholly-owned subsidiary of New OmniAb on and after the effective time of the merger (the “OmniAb Merger”). In addition, New OmniAb changed its corporate name to “OmniAb, Inc.” concurrently upon the effectiveness of the OmniAb Merger. The OmniAb Separation, OmniAb Distribution and OmniAb Merger (collectively, together with certain related transactions, the “OmniAb Transactions”) were conditioned upon receipt of a tax opinion from outside counsel to the effect that the OmniAb Separation and OmniAb Distribution qualified as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, that the OmniAb Merger would not cause Section 355(e) of the Code to apply to the OmniAb Separation or OmniAb Distribution and that the OmniAb Merger would be treated as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code. The opinion was delivered in connection with the closing of the OmniAb Merger and was based on, among other things, certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from us, OmniAb, APAC and New OmniAb, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’ respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations, or undertakings were incorrect or not satisfied, we may not be able to rely on the opinion, and we and our stockholders could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, the opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and notwithstanding the opinion, the IRS could determine on audit that the OmniAb Transactions do not qualify as a tax-free reorganization if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings on which the opinion is based are not correct or have been violated or that the OmniAb Transactions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the OmniAb Transactions. If the OmniAb Transactions are ultimately determined not to qualify as a tax-free reorganization, we and our stockholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. The OmniAb Separation and OmniAb Distribution may expose Ligand to potential liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal dividend requirements. The OmniAb Separation and OmniAb Distribution are subject to review under various state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws. Fraudulent conveyance laws generally provide that an entity engages in a constructive fraudulent conveyance when (i) the entity transfers assets and does not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value in return; and (ii) the entity: (a) is insolvent at the time of the transfer or is rendered insolvent by the transfer; (b) has unreasonably small capital with which to carry on its business; or (c) intends to incur or believes it will incur debts beyond its ability to repay its debts as they 42 mature. An unpaid creditor or an entity acting on behalf of a creditor (including without limitation a trustee or debtor-in-possession in a bankruptcy by New OmniAb or Ligand or any of their respective subsidiaries) may bring an action alleging that the OmniAb Separation or OmniAb Distribution or any of the related transactions constituted a constructive fraudulent conveyance. If a court accepts these allegations, it could impose a number of remedies, including without limitation, voiding New OmniAb’s claims against Ligand, requiring New OmniAb stockholders to return to Ligand some or all of the shares of New OmniAb common stock issued via the OmniAb Transactions, or providing Ligand with a claim for money damages against New OmniAb in an amount equal to the difference between the consideration received by Ligand and OmniAb’s fair market value at the time of the OmniAb Distribution. The measure of insolvency for purposes of the fraudulent conveyance laws will vary depending on which jurisdiction’s law is applied. Generally, an entity would be considered insolvent if (i) the present fair saleable value of its assets is less than the amount of its liabilities (including contingent liabilities); (ii) the present fair saleable value of its assets is less than its probable liabilities on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured; (iii) it cannot pay its debts and other liabilities (including contingent liabilities and other commitments) as they mature; or (iv) it has unreasonably small capital for the business in which it is engaged. We cannot assure you what standard a court would apply to determine insolvency or that a court would determine that New OmniAb or Ligand or any of their subsidiaries were solvent at the time of or after giving effect to the OmniAb Distribution. The OmniAb Distribution is also subject to review under state corporate distribution statutes. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation may only pay dividends to its stockholders either (i) out of its surplus (net assets minus capital) or (ii) if there is no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding fiscal year. Although Ligand intended to make the OmniAb Distribution entirely from surplus, we cannot assure you that a court will not later determine that some or all of the OmniAb Distribution was unlawful. The occurrence of a catastrophic disaster could disrupt our business, damage our facilities beyond insurance limits, increase our costs and expenses, or we could lose key data which could cause us to curtail or cease operations. We are vulnerable to damage, business disruptions and/or loss of vital data from natural or man-made disasters, such as earthquakes, tornadoes, severe weather conditions, power loss, fire, floods and similar events, as well as from accidental loss or destruction. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business could be seriously impaired. We have property, liability, and business interruption insurance which may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from disasters or other similar significant business interruptions, and we do not plan to purchase additional insurance to cover such losses due to the cost of obtaining such coverage. Any significant losses that are not recoverable under our insurance policies could seriously impair our business, financial condition and prospects. Our ability to obtain Captisol supply from our third-party manufactures could be disrupted if the operations of these manufacturers were affected by a natural or man-made disaster or other business interruption. In addition, we rely on our partners to generate most of our revenues through royalties, Captisol sales and development activities and any disruptions to their business as a result of such disasters could negatively impact our revenues. We rely on information technology system and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of our information technology systems, including any cyber security incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. We operate some of these systems and networks, but we also rely on third-party providers for various products and services across our operations. Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems and those of our partners and third-party service providers are vulnerable to attack, damage, and interruption from cyber-attacks, computer viruses and malware (e.g. ransomware), security breaches, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, employee theft or misuse, human error, fraud, denial or degradation of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors or unauthorized access or use by persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. Attacks upon information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. Furthermore, because the technologies used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage or disrupt, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. A security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure, or modification of, or prevents access to, personal data or other protected information could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of data and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Similarly, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Moreover, a 43 security breach that exposes our confidential intellectual property could compromise our patent portfolio. Additionally, theft of our intellectual property or proprietary business information could require substantial expenditures to remedy. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. We may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our and our service providers’ employees who are (and may continue to be) working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. The White House, SEC and other regulators have also increased their focus on companies’ cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. We and certain of our service providers are from time to time, subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. While we do not believe that we have experienced any material system failures, accidents or security breaches, we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and expect that we will experience cybersecurity incidents in the future. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. The procedures and controls we use to monitor these threats and mitigate our exposure may not be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents. If such events were to occur and cause interruptions in our or our critical third parties’ operations, it could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, as well as the public exposure of personal information of our employees and others, and could result in a material disruption of our clinical and commercialization activities and business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures to remedy. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our business, reputation, and financial condition could be harmed. Any losses, costs or liabilities may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, any or all applicable insurance policies. The terms of our Credit Agreement may limit our flexibility in operating our business and adversely affect our financial health and competitive position, and all of our obligations under our Credit Agreement are secured by certain of our collateral and the collateral of certain of our subsidiaries, as Guarantors. If we default on these obligations, our lenders could foreclose on such assets. In October 2023, we entered into a $75.0 million Revolving Credit Facility with Citibank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent. We, our material domestic subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and the Lenders entered into the Credit Agreement with the Administrative Agent, under which the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer agreed to make loans and other financial accommodations to us in an aggregate amount of up to $75.0 million. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by certain of our collateral and that of the Guarantors. In specified circumstances, additional guarantors are required to be added. As a result, if we default on any of our obligations under the Credit Agreement, the Lenders could foreclose on their security interest and liquidate some or all of the collateral, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require us to reduce or cease operations. On July 8, 2024, we entered into the first amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Credit Agreement, which amends the Credit Agreement to increase the aggregate revolving credit facility amount from $75 million to $125 million. In connection with the offering of the 2030 Notes, on August 11, 2025, we entered into the second amendment to the Credit Agreement, to permit, among other things, certain cash settlement payments on the 2030 Notes, subject to customary conditions set forth therein. On September 12, 2025, we entered into the third amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date to September 12, 2028 and modify the minimum consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) covenant to require us to maintain not less than $55 million of consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for the trailing four-quarter period ended September 30, 2025 and each trailing four-quarter period ending thereafter. As of the date of this report, we have been borrowed approximately $0.6 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. In order to service any indebtedness we may incur in the future, we would need to generate cash from our operating activities or other financings. Our ability to generate cash is subject, in part, to our ability to successfully execute our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings or other financings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness and fund our other liquidity needs. To the extent we are required to use cash from operations or the proceeds of any future financing to service our indebtedness instead of funding working capital or other general corporate purposes, we will be less able to plan for, or react to, changes in our business, industry and in the economy generally. This could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that limit our ability to engage in certain transactions that may be in our long-term best interest. The affirmative covenants include, among others, covenants requiring us to maintain a leverage ratio of no greater than 2.50 to 1.00 (increasing to 3.00 to 1.00 with respect to the fiscal quarter in which a material permitted acquisition is consummated and the immediately subsequent three fiscal quarters thereafter) and maintain minimum consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for any trailing four-quarter period of not less than $45 44 million. The negative covenants include, among others, limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness and certain liens, make certain investments, become liable under contingent obligations in certain circumstances, make certain restricted payments, make certain dispositions within guidelines and limits, engage in certain affiliate transactions, alter our fundamental business and make certain fundamental changes. While we believe we are currently in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement, we may breach these covenants in the future. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events and factors beyond our control. In the event that we breach one or more covenants, the Lenders may choose to declare an event of default and require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding under the agreement, terminate any commitment to extend further credit and foreclose on the collateral. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We use or draw down on our Credit Agreement or use other debt in connection with our capital deployment, which magnifies the potential for loss if the royalties acquired do not generate sufficient income to us. We draw down on or use debt to finance a portion of our deployed capital. The use of debt creates an opportunity for an increased return but also increases the risk of loss if our assets do not generate sufficient income to us. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowings may not be covered by our cash flow and the level of our indebtedness could limit our ability to respond to changing business conditions. Our Credit Agreement imposes, and other debt we may incur in the future may impose, affirmative and negative covenants that could impact our operations and affect the number and size of the royalties that we may pursue. Therefore, no assurance can be given that we will be able to take advantage of favorable conditions or opportunities as a result of any restrictive covenants under our Credit Agreement or other future indebtedness. There can also be no assurance that additional debt financing, either to replace or increase existing debt financing, will be available when needed or, if available, will be obtainable on terms that are commercially reasonable. In addition, to the extent that interest rates at which we borrow increase, our borrowing costs will increase and our leveraging strategy will become more costly, which could lead to diminished net profits. Our ability to satisfy debt obligations depends on our future performance. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness, including our 2030 Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. If the assumptions underlying our cash flow guidance are incorrect, our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations sufficient to service our debt. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or issuing additional equity, equity-linked or debt instruments on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. In addition, certain holders of the 2030 Notes may engage in hedging or arbitrage transactions, including short sales of our common stock, in connection with their investment in the notes. These activities could increase volatility or place downward pressure on the market price of our common stock, particularly during the period when the notes are convertible or following any conversion. This pressure could occur even if our business performance and prospects are strong. We may also be required to repurchase the 2030 Notes for cash upon the occurrence of certain events, which could adversely affect our liquidity. The indenture governing the 2030 Notes may require us to repurchase the notes for cash upon the occurrence of specified events, such as a fundamental change. Any such repurchase obligation could require us to use a significant portion of our available cash or obtain additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our ability to satisfy these obligations could be constrained by existing debt agreements or market conditions. Additionally, conversion of the 2030 Notes could dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. Any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion of our 2030 Notes could adversely affect prevailing market price. The Credit Agreement limits our ability to pay any cash amount upon the conversion or repurchase of the 2030 Notes. The Credit Agreement prohibits us from making any cash payments on the 2030 Notes other than (i) any prepayment or payment on (and as required by) the 2030 Notes as a result of (x) the satisfaction of a customary conversion contingency, (y) the exercise of a conversion right resulting from the satisfaction of a customary conversion contingency or (z) a required repurchase upon a customary fundamental change or (ii) payments (which aggregate amount cannot exceed $3 million over the term of the facility) if at the time of such payments, (i) immediately before and after giving effect to such payments, a default or an event of default exists under the Credit Agreement, (ii) we would not be in pro forma compliance with our financial covenants under the Credit Agreement or (iii) the consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio, determined on a pro forma basis as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter exceeds 1.50 to 1.00. Any new credit facility that we may enter into may have similar restrictions. Our failure to make cash payments upon the conversion or repurchase of the 2030 Notes as required under the terms of the 2030 Notes would, subject to the requirements set forth in the indenture that will govern the 2030 Notes, permit holders of the 2030 Notes to accelerate our obligations under the 2030 Notes. We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions which would intensify the risks discussed above. 45 The Credit Agreement restricts our ability to incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, but if the facility matures or is repaid, we may not be subject to such restrictions under the terms of any subsequent indebtedness. We may incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments, some of which may be secured debt. We will not be restricted under the terms of the Indenture governing the 2030 Notes from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Indenture governing the 2030 Notes that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on our debt, including the 2030 Notes, when due. Impairment charges pertaining to goodwill, identifiable intangible assets or other long-lived assets from our mergers and acquisitions could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and the market value of our common stock. The total purchase price pertaining to our acquisitions in recent years have been allocated to net tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets, in-process research and development and goodwill. To the extent the value of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets or other long-lived assets become impaired, we will be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment. Any impairment charges could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and the market value of our common stock. Our investments are subject to market and credit risks that could diminish their value and these risks could be greater during periods of extreme volatility or disruption in the financial and credit markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Our investments are subject to risks of credit defaults and changes in market values. Periods of macroeconomic weakness or recession, heightened volatility or disruption in the financial and credit markets, including as a result of the change in presidential administration, and any resulting economic uncertainty, could increase these risks, potentially resulting in other than temporary impairment of assets in our investment portfolio. Any event reducing the estimated fair value of these securities, other than on a temporary basis, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. If our investment manager fails to react appropriately to difficult market, economic and geopolitical conditions, our investment portfolio could incur material losses. We have a risk management framework in place to identify, assess and prioritize risks, including the market and credit risks to which our investments are subject. As part of that framework, we test our investment portfolio based on various market scenarios. Under certain stressed market scenarios, unrealized losses on our investment portfolio could lead to material reductions in its carrying value. A decline in fair value below the amortized cost of a security requires management to assess whether an impairment has occurred. The decision on whether to record an impairment is determined in part by our assessment of the financial condition and prospects of a particular issuer, projections of future cash flows and recoverability of the particular security as well as management’s assertion of whether it is more likely than not that we will sell the particular security before recovery. If we were determined to be an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We intend to conduct our business so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act. An entity generally will be determined to be an investment company for purposes of the U.S. Investment Company Act if, absent an applicable exemption, (i) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or (ii) it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the “ICA 40% Test”. We do not hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, or propose to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, and believe that we are not engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We believe that, for U.S. Investment Company Act purposes, we are engaged primarily, through one or more of our subsidiaries, in the business of developing, purchasing or otherwise acquiring certain obligations that represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise. Our subsidiaries that are so engaged rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, which, as interpreted by the SEC staff, requires each such subsidiary to invest at least 55% of its assets in “notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable, and other obligations representing part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services,” which we refer to as the ICA Exception Qualifying Assets. To ensure that we are not obligated to register as an investment company, we must not exceed the thresholds provided by the ICA 40% Test. For purposes of the ICA 40% Test, the term investment securities does not include U.S. government securities or securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, such as majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A). We also may rely on Section 3(c)(6), which, based on SEC staff interpretations, requires us to invest, either 46 directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, at least 55% of our assets in, as relevant here, businesses relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A). Therefore, the assets that we and our subsidiaries hold and acquire are limited by the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. If the SEC or its staff in the future adopts an interpretation that royalty interests are not treated as ICA Exception Qualifying Assets for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(A) and Section 3(c)(6), our business will be materially and adversely affected. In particular, we would be required to register as an investment company which could materially and adversely affect the value of our common stock. Our charter documents and concentration of ownership may hinder or prevent change of control transactions. Provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in our ownership. In addition, our Board of Directors may issue shares of common or preferred stock without any further action by the stockholders. Our directors, officers and certain of our institutional investors collectively beneficially own a significant portion of our outstanding common stock. Such provisions and issuances may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in our ownership. If changes in our ownership are discouraged, delayed or prevented, it would be more difficult for our current Board of Directors to be removed and replaced, even if you or our other stockholders believe that such actions are in the best interests of us and our stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. The choice of forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. By agreeing to these provisions, however, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our stock price has been volatile and could experience a sudden decline in value. The market prices for securities of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have historically been highly volatile, and the market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. Continued volatility in the overall capital markets could reduce the market price of our common stock in spite of our operating performance. Further, high stock price volatility could result in higher share-based compensation expense. Our common stock has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations and may continue to experience volatility in the future. Many factors may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock, including, but not limited to, the following factors: results of or delays in our preclinical studies and clinical trials; the success of our collaboration agreements; publicity regarding actual or potential medical results relating to products under development by us or others; announcements of technological innovations or new commercial products by us or others; developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or others; comments or opinions by securities analysts or major stockholders or changed securities analysts’ reports or recommendations; future sales or shorting of our common stock by existing stockholders; regulatory developments or changes in regulatory guidance; litigation or threats of litigation; economic and other external factors or other disaster or crises; the departure of any of our officers, directors or key employees; period-to-period fluctuations in financial results; and price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market. 47 Unfavorable global economic and political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our results of operations and ability to invest in and expand our business, meet our financial obligations, attract and retain collaboration partners and to raise additional capital and meet our liquidity needs could be materially negatively affected by prevailing economic and political conditions generally, both in the United States and elsewhere around the world. Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the current presidential administration in the U.S., military conflicts, including the wars between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas, terrorism, public health emergencies or pandemics, the availability and cost of credit, and the U.S. financial markets have in the past contributed to, and may continue in the future to contribute to, increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to military conflicts, including the wars between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas, significant natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), new or increased tariffs or other barriers to trade, changes to fiscal or monetary policy or government budget dynamics (particularly in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries), higher interest rates and economic inflation, declines in economic growth or recession, geopolitical instability and other unstable market and macroeconomic conditions may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. Domestic and international equity markets periodically experience heightened volatility and turmoil. In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. All of these events may have an adverse effect on us. In the event of a market downturn, our results of operations could be adversely affected by those factors in many ways, including making it more difficult for us to raise funds if necessary, and our stock price may further decline. We cannot provide assurance that our investments are not subject to adverse changes in market value. If our investments experience adverse changes in market value, we may have less capital to fund our operations. Our business is subject to risks arising from pandemic and epidemic diseases. Future pandemics or other public health epidemics, pose the risk that we or our employees, contractors, including our CROs, suppliers, and other partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to spread of the disease within these groups or due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. Several of our partners reported that their operations were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, with such impacts including delays in research and development programs and deprioritizing clinical trials in favor of treating patients who had contracted the virus or to prevent the spread of the virus. In addition, certain of our partners reported negative impacts on product sales which impacted our royalty revenues. Although we believe that we and our partners have adjusted our business practices to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, in the future, we may experience similar pandemics or epidemic diseases that could severely impact our business, drug manufacturing and supply chain, nonclinical activities and clinical trials and our partners’ business may be impacted in similar ways, including due to delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in clinical trials, diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of Captisol or other product or product candidates from contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems, which may result in cancellations of Captisol orders or refunds if we fail to deliver Captisol timely, interruption or delays to discovery and development pipelines and difficulties launching or commercializing products, including due to reduced access to doctors as a result of social distancing protocols. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic impacted the trading price of shares of our common stock. To the extent there is any outbreak of a pandemic or epidemic disease impacts our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact. Further, to the extent any pandemic or epidemic disease adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research reports about our business or if they make adverse recommendations regarding an investment in our stock, our stock price and trading volume may decline. The trading market for our common stock can be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about our business. Currently, coverage of our Company by industry and securities analysts is limited. Investors have many investment opportunities and may limit their investments to companies that receive greater coverage from analysts. If additional industry or securities analysts do not commence coverage of the Company, the trading price of our stock could be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts downgrade our stock or comment negatively on our prospects, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our industry or fail to publish reports about the Company regularly, our common stock could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could also cause our stock price or 48 trading volume to decline. Further, incorrect judgments, estimates or assumptions made by research analysts may adversely affect our stock price, particularly if subsequent performance falls below the levels that were projected by the research analyst(s), even if we did not set or endorse such expectations. Any of these events could cause further volatility in our stock price and could result in substantial declines in the value of our stock. Cyber-attacks or other failures in telecommunications or information technology systems could result in information theft, data corruption and significant disruption of our business operations. We utilize information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information in connection with our business activities. As use of digital technologies has increased, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, have increased in frequency and sophistication. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We have been subject to these attacks in the past and expect to be subject to them in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or mitigating their effects. Any cyber-attack or destruction or loss of data could adversely affect our business. In addition, we may suffer reputational harm or face litigation as a result of cyber-attacks or other data security breaches and may incur significant additional expense to implement further data protection measures or as a result of being found liable for data losses or theft from such a breach. The biopharmaceutical industry may be negatively affected by federal government deficit reduction policies, which could reduce the value of the royalties that we hold. In an effort to contain the U.S. federal deficit, the biopharmaceutical industry could be considered a potential source of savings and could be the target of legislative proposals aimed at reducing federal expenditures. Government action to reduce U.S. federal spending on entitlement programs, including Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, or to lower drug spending, may affect payment for the products that generate our royalties. These and any other cost controls or any significant additional taxes or fees that may be imposed on the biopharmaceutical industry as part of deficit reduction efforts could reduce cash flows from our royalties and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Legal claims and proceedings could adversely affect our business. We may be subject to a wide variety of legal claims and proceedings. Regardless of their merit, these claims may require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. Since litigation is inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings, or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection therewith, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. The resolution of, or increase in the reserves taken in connection with, one or more of these matters could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan. We design and assess our program based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”), the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) and other applicable industry standards. This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that we use the NIST, ISO and other standards as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management program, and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the enterprise risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes: • risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and our broader enterprise information technology environment; • a security team principally responsible for managing (i) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (ii) our security controls, and (iii) our response to cybersecurity incidents; 49 • the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; • cybersecurity awareness training of our employees, incident response personnel, and senior management; • a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents; and • a third-party risk management process for service providers, suppliers, and

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Cybersecurity Governance Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee (the “Committee”) oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The Committee oversees management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. The Committee receives regular reports from management on our cybersecurity risks. In addition, management updates the Committee, as necessary, regarding any material cybersecurity incidents, as well as any incidents with lesser impact potential. The Committee reports to the full Board regarding its activities, including those related to cybersecurity. The full Board also receives briefings from senior management on our cyber risk management program. Board members receive presentations on cybersecurity topics from senior management, or external experts as part of the Board’s continuing education on topics that impact public companies. Our senior management team, including the Senior Director, IT and Facilities, is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. The team has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program and supervises both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants. The Senior Director, IT and Facilities has over 20 years of industry experiences leading and overseeing cybersecurity programs at public and private companies. Our senior management team supervises efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the information technology environment. Item 2. Properties The following table summarizes our principal facilities leased as of December 31, 2025, including the location and size of each facility, and their designated use. We believe our facilities are adequate for our current and near-term needs, and we will be able to locate additional facilities, as needed. Location Approximate Square Feet Operation Lease Expiration Date Jupiter, FL 1,650 Corporate headquarters October 2026 San Diego, CA 6,850 Office March 2029 Boston, MA 9,200 Office May 2032 Las Vegas, NV 4,100 Office April 2028 Lawrence, KS 3,700 Office and laboratory August 2032 Item 3. Legal Proceedings We record an estimate of a loss when the loss is considered probable and estimable. Where a liability is probable and there is a range of estimated loss and no amount in the range is more likely than any other number in the range, we record the minimum estimated liability related to the claim in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies . As additional information becomes available, we assess the potential liability related to our pending litigation and revise our estimates. Revisions in our estimates of potential liability could materially impact our results of operations. On October 31, 2019, we received three civil complaints filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio on behalf of several Indian tribes. The Northern District of Ohio is the Court that the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation 50 (“JPML”) has assigned more than one thousand civil cases which have been designated as a Multi-District Litigation (“MDL”) and captioned In Re: National Prescription Opiate Litigation. The allegations in these complaints focus on the activities of defendants other than the Company and no individualized factual allegations have been advanced against us in any of the three complaints. We reject all claims raised in the complaints and intend to vigorously defend these matters. On August 22, 2024, CyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a Verified Complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery against Bexson Biomedical, Inc. (“Bexson”), asserting claims for declaratory relief and breach of contract arising out of a Captisol In Vivo Agreement (the “In Vivo Agreement”) between the parties, pursuant to which CyDex provided Bexson with research-grade Captisol and related confidential and proprietary information for a potential new formulation of ketamine being developed by Bexson. CyDex alleges that Bexson breached its obligations under the In Vivo Agreement, including by misusing confidential information and materials provided by CyDex and by using CyDex’s confidential information and materials to file patent applications that purport to cover formulations that are “not ketamine”. CyDex also asserts that Bexson failed to return and destroy CyDex’s confidential information and materials as required by the In Vivo Agreement. CyDex seeks relief including specific performance of certain co-ownership provisions of the In Vivo Agreement and disgorgement from Bexson for any benefits obtained in violation of the In Vivo Agreement. On September 27, 2024, Bexson filed a Motion to Dismiss the Verified Complaint. A Verified Amended Complaint was filed by CyDex on November 6, 2024, and a Motion to Dismiss the Verified Amended Complaint was filed by Bexson on January 17, 2025. On May 23, 2025, Bexson withdrew its pending Motion to Dismiss and filed a Verified Counterclaim, Answer, and Affirmative Defenses. On July 17, 2025, CyDex and Bexson agreed to a joint stipulation for a schedule on judgment on the pleadings, providing for briefing to be complete by November 17, 2025. CyDex filed its reply to Bexson’s counterclaim on July 23, 2025. On August 22, 2025, Bexson filed its opening brief in support of its motion for judgment on the pleadings. On September 25, 2025, CyDex filed its partial cross-motion for judgment on the pleadings and opposition to Bexson’s motion, and on October 27, 2025 Bexson filed its combined answering brief in opposition to CyDex’s motion and reply in support of its motion. CyDex filed a reply brief on November 17, 2025. Oral argument on the pending motions for judgment on the pleadings is scheduled to occur on April 22, 2026. On July 18, 2025, CyDex received a letter (the “Notice Letter”) from PH Health Limited (“PH Health”), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Endo, Inc., stating that PH Health had submitted to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) referencing New Drug Application No. 022235, owned by Baxter Healthcare Corp. (“Baxter”) for Captisol®-enabled Nexterone® (amiodarone hydrochloride, 150 mg/100 mL, premixed for injection). In its Notice Letter, PH Health stated that its ANDA includes a certification under 21 U.S.C. § 355(j)(2)(A)(vii)(IV) that, in PH Health’s opinion, CyDex’s U.S. Patent No. 7,635,773 (“the ’773 patent”) is invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by Par Heath’s ANDA product. The Notice Letter included an explanation intended to support PH Health’s position that its ANDA product would not infringe the ’773 patent but did not include detailed explanations regarding invalidity or unenforceability. On August 29, 2025, during the 45 day period for filing a lawsuit pursuant to the Hatch-Waxman Act, Baxter and CyDex filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Distinct of New Jersey against Par Health Ltd., Par Health USA, Endo USA, Inc., Endo Operations Limited, and Endo, Inc., asserting that the ANDA filing infringed the ’773 patent. See Case No. 3:25-cv-15120-MCA. An Answer was filed on October 27, 2025. Discovery has started but a trial date has not yet been set. From time to time, we may also become subject to other legal proceedings or claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We currently believe that none of the claims or actions pending against us is likely to have, individually or in aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Given the unpredictability inherent in litigation, however, we cannot predict the outcome of these matters. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “LGND.” As of February 24, 2026, there were approximately 305 holders of record of the common stock. Except for 2007, during which we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $2.50 per share, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock in the past and currently do not expect to pay cash dividends or make any other distributions on common stock in the future. We expect to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business, to pay down debt and potentially for share repurchases. Any future determination to pay dividends on common stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board deems relevant. 51 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock under the stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in April 2023, which allowed us to acquire up to $50 million of our common stock from time to time through April 2026. In connection with the issuance of the 2030 Notes in August 2025, we used approximately $15 million of the net proceeds from the offering to repurchase 102,034 shares of Ligand’s common stock at a price of $147.01 per share. Refer to Note 9, Debt for information on the 2030 Notes offering. Performance Graph The graph below shows the five-year cumulative total stockholder return assuming the investment of $100 and is based on the returns of the component companies weighted monthly according to their market capitalization. The graph compares total stockholder returns of our common stock, of all companies traded on the Nasdaq Stock market, as represented by the Nasdaq Composite ® Index, and of the Nasdaq Biotechnology Stock Index, as prepared by The Nasdaq Stock Market Inc. The stockholder return shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future performance and we will not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns. Value of $100 Invested Over Time 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 12/31/2024 12/31/2025 Ligand $ 100.00 $ 155.31 $ 98.62 $ 105.43 $ 158.15 $ 279.02 NASDAQ Composite-Total Return $ 100.00 $ 122.18 $ 82.43 $ 119.22 $ 154.48 $ 187.14 NASDAQ Biotechnology Index $ 100.00 $ 100.02 $ 89.90 $ 94.03 $ 93.49 $ 124.75 Item 6. [RESERVED] Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) will help readers understand our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. It is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes. Our MD&A is organized as follows: 52 • Results of Operations. Detailed discussion of our revenue and expenses for twelve months ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. A comparison of our results of operations for twelve months ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 can be found under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Annual Report. • Liquidity and Capital Resources. Discussion of key aspects of our consolidated statements of cash flows, changes in our financial position, and our financial commitments. • Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. Discussion of significant changes we believe are important to understand the assumptions and judgments underlying our consolidated financial statements. • Recent Accounting Pronouncements. For summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our consolidated financial statements, see “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” Results of Operations Revenue and Income FY 2025 vs. FY 2024 (Dollars in thousands) 2025 2024 Change % Change Revenue from intangible royalty assets $ 132,534 $ 95,329 $ 37,205 39 % Income from financial royalty assets 28,467 13,444 15,023 112 % Royalties 161,001 108,773 52,228 48 % Captisol 40,213 30,883 9,330 30 % Contract revenue and income 66,873 27,477 39,396 143 % Total revenue and income $ 268,087 $ 167,133 $ 100,954 60 % Total revenue and income increased by $101.0 million, or 60%, to $268.1 million in 2025 compared to $167.1 million in 2024 primarily due to the $52.2 million increase in royalties and $39.4 million increase in contract revenue and income. The increase in royalties in 2025 was primarily due to income from Qarziba financial royalty asset acquired in the third quarter of 2024 and an increase in sales of Filspari, Ohtuvayre and Capvaxive. Captisol sales increased by $9.3 million to $40.2 million in 2025 compared to $30.9 million in 2024. The increase in Captisol sales were due to the timing of customer orders. Contract revenue and income increased by $39.4 million, with the change primarily due to income from the Pelthos Transaction. During the third quarter of 2025, we recognized $53.1 million in total income related to the divestiture of LNHC in connection with the Pelthos Transaction. Revenue from intangible royalty assets is a function of our partners’ product sales and the applicable royalty rate. The following table represents revenue from intangible royalty assets by program (in millions): (in millions) 2025 Estimated Partner Product Sales Effective Royalty Rate 2025 Royalty Revenue 2024 Estimated Partner Product Sales Effective Royalty Rate 2024 Royalty Revenue Kyprolis $ 1,529 2.3% $ 35.5 $ 1,627 2.4% $ 38.4 Filspari 355 9.0% 32.0 136 9.0% 12.2 Rylaze 395 3.4% 13.4 409 3.3% 13.7 Capvaxive 752 1.3% 10.1 96 0.6% 0.6 Ohtuvayre (1) 488 2.0% 9.8 42 1.9% 0.8 Teriparatide injection (2) 34 23.8% 8.1 30 27.3% 8.2 Vaxneuvance 801 0.9% 7.4 791 0.7% 5.2 Evomela 30 20.0% 5.9 44 20.0% 8.7 Other 441 2.3% 10.3 314 2.4% 7.5 Total $ 4,825 $ 132.5 $ 3,489 $ 95.3 (1) Our royalty rate on Ohtuvayre is 3%, of which 2% is recognized in revenue from intangible royalty assets and the remaining 1% is accounted for as financial royalty asset. (2) We receive tiered profit sharing of 25% on quarterly profits less than $3.75 million, 35% on quarterly profits greater than $3.75 million but less than $7.5 million and 40% on quarterly profits greater than $7.5 million. 53 Operating Costs and Expense FY 2025 vs. FY 2024 (Dollars in thousands) 2025 2024 Change % Change Cost of Captisol $ 14,549 $ 11,074 $ 3,475 31 % Amortization of intangibles 32,708 32,959 (251) (1) % Research and development 81,182 21,425 59,757 279 % General and administrative 92,449 78,654 13,795 18 % Financial royalty assets impairment 6,197 30,572 (24,375) (80) % Fair value adjustment to partner program derivatives — 15,055 (15,055) (100) % Total operating costs and expenses $ 227,085 $ 189,739 $ 37,346 20 % Total operating costs and expenses for 2025 increased by $37.3 million or 20% compared with 2024. Cost of Captisol increased year over year in 2025 primarily due to an increase in sales of Captisol during 2025 compared to 2024. Amortization of intangibles remained relatively steady in 2025 at $32.7 million compared to $33.0 million in 2024, with the change due to the deconsolidation of LNHC, Inc. on July 1, 2025 in connection with the closing of the Pelthos Transaction. At any one time, we are working on multiple programs. As such, we generally do not track our R&D expenses on a specific program basis. Our R&D expenses increased by $59.8 million in 2025 compared to 2024, with the increase primarily due to a $44.3 million research and development funding arrangement related to the D-Fi royalty rights acquired with the Castle Creek Investment transaction and a $17.8 million research and development funding arrangement related to the Orchestra transaction. Both transactions are discussed in Note 3, Investment Transactions . General and administrative expenses increased by $13.8 million in 2025 compared to 2024, with the increase primarily due to transaction costs. Financial royalty asset impairment decreased by $24.4 million in 2025 compared to 2024. The 2025 impairment of $6.2 million is primarily due to UGN-301 and other Agenus partner programs. The 2024 impairment of $30.6 million was primarily due to Takeda’s decision to discontinue the soticlestat program. Fair value adjustment to partner program derivatives are not recognized in 2025 with the adoption of ASU 2025-07. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for additional information on the ASU 2025-07 adoption. The $15.1 million gain recognized in 2024 was due to certain Agenus partners discontinuing development of their partnered programs. We do not provide forward-looking estimates of costs and time to complete our ongoing research and development projects as such estimates would involve a high degree of uncertainty. Uncertainties include our inability to predict the outcome of research and clinical studies, regulatory requirements placed upon us by regulatory authorities such as the FDA and EMA, our inability to predict the decisions of our partners, our ability to fund research and development programs, competition from other entities of which we may become aware in future periods, predictions of market potential for products that may be derived from our work, and our ability to recruit and retain personnel or third-party contractors with the necessary knowledge and skills to perform certain research. Refer to “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our current portfolio. For information about the royalties owed to us for certain of these programs, see “Royalties” later in this business section. Kyprolis (Amgen, Ono, BeOne Medicines) We supply Captisol to Amgen for use with Kyprolis (carfilzomib) and granted Amgen an exclusive product-specific license under our patent rights with respect to Captisol. Kyprolis is formulated with Ligand’s Captisol technology and is approved in the following: • In combination with dexamethasone, lenalidomide plus dexamethasone, daratumumab plus dexamethasone, or daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj and dexamethasone, or isatuximab and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one to three lines of therapy. • As a single agent for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one or more lines of therapy. Our agreement with Amgen may be terminated by either party in the event of material breach or bankruptcy, or unilaterally by Amgen with prior written notice, subject to certain surviving obligations. Absent early termination, the agreement will terminate upon expiration of the obligation to pay royalties. Under this agreement, we are entitled to receive revenue from clinical and commercial Captisol material sales and a 1.5% to 3.0% royalty on annual net sales of Kyprolis. Amgen’s obligation to pay royalties does not expire until four years after the expiration of the last-to-expire patent covering Captisol. Our patents and applications relating to the Captisol component of Kyprolis are not expected to expire until at least 2033. Qarziba (Recordati) We receive royalties on Qarziba (dinutuximab beta) sales through our acquisition of Apeiron Biologics AG (“Apeiron”), announced in July 2024. Qarziba is a monoclonal antibody that is specifically directed against the carbohydrate moiety of disialoganglioside 2 (GD2), which is overexpressed on neuroblastoma cells. Dinutuximab beta was approved by the European Medicines Agency in 2017 for the treatment of high-risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months and above, who have previously received induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response, followed by myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantation, as well as in patients with history of relapsed or refractory neuroblastoma, with or without residual 7 disease. Qarziba is commercially available in more than 35 countries outside of the U.S. We receive a tiered mid-teen royalty on worldwide sales of Qarziba from Recordati and are entitled to receive over $25 million in potential milestone payments. Clinical Development of Qarziba Qarziba is also in clinical development for additional territories and indications. Recordati met with the FDA mid-year in 2025 to establish a potential BLA pathway for the potential approval of Qarziba in the U.S., including data from the ongoing BEACON-2 trial in Europe. Results from the BEACON-2 trial are expected in 2028. Recordati is also currently conducting a clinical trial evaluating Qarziba + chemotherapy in GD2-positive Ewing sarcoma and has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA. See “ Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 4, Acquisitions. ” Filspari (Travere, CSL Vifor, Chugai) In early 2012, we licensed the world-wide rights to Filspari (sparsentan) to Travere Therapeutics. Travere received accelerated approval in February 2023 and then full approval in September 2024 from the FDA for Filspari, for the treatment of immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN). Filspari is the first non-immunosuppressive treatment indicated for IgAN. In February 2024, Travere and its partner CSL Vifor received approval for Filspari for the treatment of IgAN in Europe. Travere has also partnered with Chugai Pharmaceuticals to develop and commercialize Filspari in Japan and other Asian countries. Under our lic ense agreement with Travere, we are entitled to receive potential milestone payments, as well as a 9% royalty on worldwide sales. Clinical Development of Filspari Filspari is also in clinical development in additional territories and indications. Renalys, now Chugai, announced positive topline results from its Phase 3 clinical study of Filspari in Japanese patients with IgAN and plans to submit an NDA in Japan in 2026. Additionally, in February 2025, Travere announced completion of its Type C meeting with the FDA and in March 2025 submitted a supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) seeking traditional approval of Filspari for focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS). The sNDA is based on existing data from the Phase 3 DUPLEX and Phase 2 DUET studies of Filspari. In January 2026, Travere announced that the FDA had extended the review of the sNDA with a new PDUFA target action date of April 13, 2026. The extension followed the submission of responses requested by the FDA to further characterize the clinical benefit of Filspari. The FDA determined that this constituted a Major Amendment to the sNDA and extended the action date accordingly. No additional information relating to the safety or manufacturing of Filspari has been requested by the FDA. Ohtuvayre (Merck, Nuance) We acquired a royalty on Merck’s Ohtuvayre (ensifentrine) through our acquisition of Vernalis in 2018 and acquired additional rights from Ohtuvayre inventors during the course of 2024 continuing through January 2025, bringing our royalty rate to 3% of global net sales. Verona originally developed Ohtuvayre before becoming acquired by Merck in October of 2025. Ohtuvayre is a first-in-class selective dual inhibitor of the enzymes phosphodiesterase 3 and phosphodiesterase 4 (“PDE3 and PDE4”) that combines bronchodilator and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory effects in one molecule. Ohtuvayre was approved by the FDA in June 2024 for the maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (“COPD”) in adult patients. Ohtuvayre is the first inhaled product with a novel mechanism of action approved for the maintenance treatment of COPD in adult patients in more than 20 years. Prior to its acquisition by Merck, Verona sublicensed the rights to develop and commercialize Ohtuvayre in Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, and mainland China to Nuance Pharma. In June 2025, Verona exercised its option to buy back the license granted to Nuance Pharma. Nuance Pharma has disputed the buy-back notice and requested that it be withdrawn. Clinical Development of Ohtuvayre Ohtuvayre is also in clinical development for additional territories and indications. In May 2025, Nuance announced that its Phase 3 trial evaluating ensifentrine for the maintenance treatment of COPD met its primary endpoint, as well as secondary endpoints demonstrating improvement in lung function. Merck is also currently conducting Phase 2 trials for indication expansion in non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis, as well as a fixed-dose combination of ensifentrine + Long-Acting Muscarinic Antagonist (LAMA) for maintenance treatment of COPD. Rylaze (Jazz Pharmaceuticals) In July 2021, Jazz announced the U.S. launch of Rylaze (asparaginase erwinia chrysanthemi (recombinant)-rywn), previously referred to as JZP458. Rylaze, is a recombinant erwinia asparaginase used as a component of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and lymphoblastic lymphoma (LBL) in adult and pediatric patients one month or older who have developed hypersensitivity to E. coli-derived asparaginase. In 8 September 2023, Jazz announced that the European Commission (EC) had granted marketing authorization for Rylaze, to be marketed as Enrylaze. Jazz began a rolling launch in the second half of 2023. We are eligible to receive tiered low-single digit royalties based on worldwide net sales of Rylaze, Enrylaze and any products resulting from this collaboration. Capvaxive (Merck) Capvaxive, a 21 valent pneumococcal vaccine, also known as V116, was approved by the FDA in June 2024 for the prevention of invasive disease caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes 3, 6A, 7F, 8, 9N, 10A, 11A, 12F, 15A, 15C, 16F, 17F, 19A, 20A, 22F, 23A, 23B, 24F, 31, 33F, and 35B in adults 18 years of age and older. Capvaxive is the first pneumococcal conjugate vaccine specifically designed for adults, and its 21 covered serotypes account for approximately 85% of cases of invasive pneumococcal disease among individuals 50 and over, including 8 serotypes not covered by any other currently approved vaccines. Following the FDA approval, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (“ACIP”) voted to update the adult age-based pneumococcal vaccination guidelines to recommend Capvaxive for pneumococcal vaccination in adults 50 years of age and older with certain health risks. Capvaxive utilizes the CRM197 vaccine carrier protein, which is produced using the patent-protected Pelican Expression Technology platform, which we acquired in October 2020 through our acquisition of Pfenex and spun out and merged with Primordial Genetics to form Primrose Bio in September 2023. The FDA approval of Capvaxive triggered a $2 million milestone payment to Ligand, and we are entitled to a low single-digit royalty on worldwide net sales. Vaxneuvance (Merck) Vaxneuvance, a 15-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, also known as V114, was approved in the U.S. in July of 2021 for the prevention of invasive disease caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes 1, 3, 4, 5, 6A, 6B, 7F, 9V, 14, 18C, 19A, 19F, 22F, 23F and 33F in adults 18 years of age and older, and subsequently in children 6 weeks through 17 years of age in June of 2022. Vaxneuvance was also approved in Europe in October 2022 for the prevention of invasive disease and pneumonia caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae in individuals 18 years and older and in infants, children and adolescents from 6 weeks to less than 18 years of age. Vaxneuvance utilizes CRM197 vaccine carrier protein, which is produced using the patent-protected Pelican Expression Technology platform, which we acquired in October 2020 through our acquisition of Pfenex. We are entitled to low single-digit royalties derived from net sales of Vaxneuvance. Pneumosil (Serum Institute of India, SII) SII began commercialization of its 10-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, Pneumosil, which is produced using CRM197 made in the Pelican Expression Technology platform, in the second quarter of 2020. Pneumosil is designed primarily to help fight against pneumococcal pneumonia among children, with an advantage of targeting the most prevalent serotypes of the bacterium causing serious illness in developing countries. Pneumosil achieved WHO Prequalification in December 2019, allowing the product to be procured by United Nations agencies and Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, and following the Indian Marketing Authorization in July 2020, SII announced commercial launch of the product in India in December 2020. We are entitled to a low-single digit royalty on net product sales of Pneumosil. Teriparatide Injection Product (PF708) (Alvogen/Adalvo) We acquired rights to the teriparatide injection product with the acquisition of Pfenex in October 2020. Teriparatide injection is a drug indicated for various uses including the treatment of osteoporosis in certain patients at high risk for fracture. Teriparatide injection was developed using our Pelican Expression Technology and was approved by the FDA in 2019 in accordance with the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, with FORTEO as the reference product. Our commercialization partner, Alvogen, launched the product in June 2020 in the United States. Alvogen has exclusively licensed the rights to commercialize and manufacture the teriparatide injection product in the U.S., while Adalvo has the rights to commercialize in the E.U. and other territories outside the U.S. In accordance with our agreements with Alvogen, we are eligible to receive tiered gross profit sharing of between 25% and 40% of quarterly profit. Evomela (Acrotech and CASI) We supply Captisol to, and receive royalties from, Acrotech Biopharma for sales of Evomela in the United States, and CASI Pharmaceuticals for sales in China. Evomela is a Captisol-enabled melphalan IV formulation which is approved by the FDA for use in two indications: • a high-dose conditioning treatment prior to autologous stem cell transplantation (“ASCT”) in patients with multiple myeloma; and • for the palliative treatment of patients with multiple myeloma for whom oral therapy is not appropriate. 9 Under the terms of the license agreement, Acrotech Biopharma has marketing rights worldwide excluding China, and CASI Pharmaceuticals has marketing rights in China. We receive a 20% royalty on global net sales of the Captisol-enabled melphalan product and revenue from Captisol material sales. Acrotech and CASI’s obligation to pay royalties will expire at the end of the life of the relevant patents or when a competing product is launched, whichever is earlier, but in no event less than ten years from commercial launch. Our patents and applications relating to the Captisol component of melphalan are not expected to expire until 2033. As described herein, we have entered into a settlement agreement with Teva and Acrotech Biopharma (the holder of the NDA for Evomela) which will allow Teva to market a generic version of Evomela in the United States in 2026. Absent early termination, the agreement will terminate upon expiration of the obligation to pay royalties. In December 2024, Acrotech issued a termination process letter to CASI alleging the Company materially breached the license agreement and failed to cure such breach, thus terminating the license agreement. CASI can continue to distribute Evomela in China for a reasonable wind down period not to exceed 24 months. Nexterone (Baxter) We have a license agreement with Baxter, related to Nexterone, a Captisol-enabled formulation of amiodarone, which is marketed in the United States and Canada. We supply Captisol to Baxter for use in accordance with the terms of this license agreement and a separate supply agreement. Under the terms of the license agreement, we will continue to earn milestone payments, a low single digit royalty, and revenue from Captisol material sales. We will earn royalties on net sales of Nexterone through early 2033. Zelsuvmi (Pelthos) We have a license agreement with Pelthos for Zelsuvmi (berdazimer) topical gel, 10.3%, the first and only at-home treatment for molluscum contagiosum infections in adults and pediatric patients one year of age and older. Zelsuvmi was approved in the U.S. by the FDA in January 2024 and Pelthos commercially launched Zelsuvmi. After the completion of the Pelthos Transaction, Ligand earned a $5 million milestone payment from Pelthos following the commercial launch of Zelsuvmi in July 2025. Ligand is also entitled to a 13% royalty on worldwide sales of Zelsuvmi, and up to an additional $5 million in commercial sales milestones, pursuant to the terms of the definitive agreements for the Pelthos Transaction. Tzield/Teizeild (Sanofi) We acquired a royalty of less than 1% on net sales of Tzield through our acquisition of Tolerance Therapeutics (“Tolerance”) in the fourth quarter of 2023. Tzield is the first disease-modifying therapy to be approved in type 1 diabetes (“T1D”). It is a CD3-directed antibody indicated to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adults and children aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D. Tzield was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation in 2019 and was approved by the FDA in November 2022 and was also approved in China by the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) in September 2025. In January 2026, the European Commission approved teplizumab, branded in Europe as teizeild. Tzield/Teizeild is marketed by Sanofi, following its acquisition of Provention Bio, Inc., the developer of Tzield, in 2023 for $2.9 billion. Sanofi also announced data from Tzield’s PROTECT Phase 3 trial, which showed Tzield’s potential to slow the progression of Stage 3 T1D in newly diagnosed children and adolescents. Tzield met the study’s primary endpoint, significantly slowing the decline of C-peptide levels, compared to placebo. In October 2025, Tzield was nominated for the FDA Commissioner's National Priority Review Voucher pilot program based on its potential to address a large unmet medical need. The FDA accepted the supplemental biologics license application (sBLA) for Tzield to delay the progression of stage 3 type 1 diabetes in adults and pediatric patients 8 years and older recently diagnosed with stage 3 T1D for expedited review. The program aims to shorten the review process from what normally takes 10-12 months to 1-2 months, while maintaining the FDA's rigorous safety and efficacy standards. Under our agreement, we are entitled to receive royalties through December 1, 2032. Other Key Partnered Programs We have a highly diversified partnered pipeline of assets that we consider particularly noteworthy given the area of research or value of the license terms. We are eligible to receive milestone payments and royalties on these programs. This list does not include all of our partnered programs. In the case of Captisol-related programs, we are also eligible to receive revenue for the sale of Captisol material supply. Qtorin rapamycin (Palvella) We acquired economic rights to Qtorin™ 3.9% rapamycin anhydrous gel (Qtorin rapamycin, formerly PTX-022) from Palvella in December 2018. Qtorin rapamycin is a novel, topical formulation of rapamycin currently in development for the treatment of Microcystic Lymphatic Malformations (“Microcystic LM”) and cutaneous venous malformations (“VMs”). The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation, Fast Track Designation, and Orphan Designation to Qtorin rapamycin for the treatment of Microcystic LM. Microcystic LM is a chronically debilitating and lifelong genetic disease affecting an estimated more than 30,000 patients in the U.S. There are currently no FDA-approved treatments for Microcystic LM. In 10 February 2026, Palvella announced positive topline results from its Phase 3 SELVA study of Qtorin rapamycin for the treatment of microcystic LMs. The Phase 3 trial met its primary endpoint with statistically significant improvement on the Microcystic LM Investigator Global Assessment and achieved statistical significance on its pre-specified key secondary endpoint and all four secondary efficacy endpoints. Qtorin rapamycin was well tolerated, with no drug-related serious adverse events reported and systemic rapamycin levels below 2 ng/mL at all timepoints for all participants. 98% of participants who completed the efficacy evaluation period elected to continue to receive Qtorin rapamycin in the ongoing treatment extension period. An NDA submission is planned for the second half of 2026. Palvella announced positive topline results from its Phase 2 trial evaluating Qtorin rapamycin for the treatment of cutaneous VMs in December 2025. Based on the Phase 2 results, Palvella is expected to pursue near-term discussions with the FDA regarding the potential for Breakthrough Therapy Designation and a Phase 3 pivotal study. In September 2025, Palvella announced the expansion of its Qtorin rapamycin development program into clinically significant angiokeratomas. Palvella plans to meet with the FDA in the first half of 2026 to discuss the proposed design of a Phase 2 study to evaluate Qtorin rapamycin for the treatment of clinically significant angiokeratomas. Under the terms of our agreement with Palvella, we are entitled to milestones and a tiered royalty of 8.0% to 9.8% on any product containing Qtorin rapamycin. D-Fi (Castle Creek) In February 2025, we entered into a royalty financing agreement with Castle Creek Biosciences to support the Phase 3 clinical study of D-Fi (FCX-007), in patients with dystrophic epidermyolysis bullosa (DEB). D-Fi is an injectable autologous gene-modified cell therapy candidate for the treatment of DEB, a devastating, progressive, painful, and debilitating rare genetic skin disorder. DEB is caused by a mutation in the COL7A1 gene, leading to a deficiency of normal type VII collagen (COL7) protein, impairing the connection between the epidermis and the dermis. D-Fi is comprised of a patient’s own dermal fibroblasts, which are genetically modified completely ex vivo with a self-inactivating (SIN) lentiviral vector (LV) containing the COL7A1 gene to express COL7. D-Fi is locally administered by intradermal injection into wounds where the COL7 protein can support the formation of anchoring fibrils in the skin. D-Fi was granted Orphan Drug Rare Pediatric Disease, Fast Track, and Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy designations for the treatment of dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa (DEB) by the FDA. We are entitled to a mid-single-digit royalty on worldwide net sales of D-Fi. AVIM Therapy and Virtue SAB (Orchestra BioMed) On July 31, 2025, Ligand invested $25 million in strategic capital to fund Orchestra BioMed Holdings, Inc.'s (“Orchestra” or “Orchestra Biomed”) late-stage partnered cardiology programs, consisting of a $20 million cash payment paid at closing and an additional $5 million to purchase shares of Orchestra’s common stock in an equity private placement at the price of $2.75 per share (the price of Orchestra’s common stock at its last public offering). Ligand also agreed to fund an additional $15 million, subject to certain conditions precedent, at the nine-month anniversary of the transaction closing date. In exchange, Ligand received a low double-digit royalty on the first $100 million of Orchestra's annual revenues related to AVIM therapy and Virtue SAB programs in all indications. Ligand will also earn a mid-single-digit royalty on Orchestra's annual revenues exceeding $100 million related to AVIM therapy in the uncontrolled hypertension and increased cardiovascular risk indication and Virtue SAB in coronary artery disease indications. We also received warrants to purchase shares of Orchestra’s common stock. The transaction closed on August 4, 2025. AVIM therapy is an investigational therapy compatible with standard dual-chamber pacemakers designed to substantially and persistently lower blood pressure. In addition to reducing blood pressure, clinical results using AVIM therapy demonstrate improvements in cardiac function and hemodynamics. The BACKBEAT global pivotal study will further evaluate the safety and efficacy of AVIM therapy in lowering blood pressure in patients who have systolic blood pressure above target despite anti-hypertensive medication and who are indicated for or have recently received a dual-chamber cardiac pacemaker. AVIM therapy has been granted Breakthrough Device Designation by the FDA for the treatment of uncontrolled hypertension in patients who have increased cardiovascular risk. Virtue SAB is designed to deliver a proprietary extended-release formulation of sirolimus (SirolimusEFR™) through a non-coated microporous AngioInfusion™ Balloon that protects the drug in transit to consistently deliver a large liquid dose, overcoming certain limitations of drug-coated balloons. SirolimusEFR delivered by Virtue SAB has been shown in published preclinical series involving hundreds of arterial deliveries to achieve sustained tissue levels well above the known therapeutic tissue concentration for inhibiting restenosis (1 ng/mg tissue) for the approximately 30-day critical healing period. Virtue SAB demonstrated positive three-year clinical data in coronary ISR in the SABRE study, a multi-center prospective, independent core-lab-adjudicated clinical study of 50 patients conducted in Europe. Virtue SAB has been granted Breakthrough Device Designation by the FDA for specific indications relating to coronary  in-stent restenosis, coronary small vessel disease, and peripheral artery disease below-the-knee. Botensilimab and Balstilimab (BOT/BAL) (Agenus) In May 2024, we entered into the Agenus Agreement to support BOT/BAL clinical development. Botensilimab is an investigational multifunctional anti-CTLA-4 immune activator (antibody) designed to boost both innate and adaptive anti-tumor 11 immune responses. Its novel design leverages mechanisms of action to extend immunotherapy benefits to “cold” tumors which generally respond poorly to standard of care or are refractory to conventional PD-1/CTLA-4 therapies and investigational therapies. Botensilimab augments immune responses across a wide range of tumor types by priming and activating T cells, downregulating intratumoral regulatory T cells, activating myeloid cells and inducing long-term memory responses. Botensilimab alone, or in combination with Agenus’ investigational PD-1 antibody, balstilimab, has shown clinical responses across nine metastatic, late-line cancers. Approximately 1,200 patients have been treated with botensilimab and/or balstilimab in phase 1 and phase 2 clinical trials. In 2025, the BOT/BAL combination demonstrated a two-year overall survival rate of 42% and median overall survival of 21 months in an expanded cohort of 123 patients with third-line or later microsatellite-stable (MSS) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) without active liver metastases. Building on these results, Agenus, in collaboration with Canadian Cancer Trials Group (CCTG) has initiated the global BATTMAN Phase 3 trial evaluating BOT+BAL versus best supportive care (BSC) in patients with refractory, unresectable microsatellite stable (MSS)/mismatch repair proficient (pMMR) colorectal cancer. Sites have been activated and prepared to enroll approximately 800 patients across more than 100 sites in Canada, France, Australia, and New Zealand. Ligand is entitled to a 2.625% royalty on future global net sales generated by BOT/BAL pursuant to the Agenus Agreement. This rate may be adjusted depending on future events. VK2809 (Viking) Our partner, Viking, is developing VK2809, a novel selective thyroid hormone receptor beta (TR-beta) agonist with potential in metabolic dysfunction associated steatohepatitis (MASH). Viking completed a Phase 2b clinical trial (the VOYAGE study) in patients with MASH. At the 52-week mark, the drug reduced liver fat content by an average of 37% to 55% compared to baseline, with all treatment arms showing statistically significant improvements compared to placebo. Under the terms of the agreement with Viking, we may be entitled to up to $225 million of development, regulatory and commercial milestones and a tiered royalty of 3.5% to 7.5% on potential future net sales of VK-2809. Viking is not currently advancing this program and has stated they intend to outlicense the program. Our TR-beta programs partnered with Viking are subject to CVR sharing, and a portion of the cash received will be paid out to CVR holders. VK0214 (Viking) VK0214, another novel, orally available, TR-beta agonist, is in development for the potential treatment of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (“X-ALD”). VK0214 has been evaluated in a Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with the adrenomyeloneuropathy (“AMN”) form of X-ALD. Under the terms of the agreement with Viking, we may be entitled to up to $150 million of development, regulatory and commercial milestones and a tiered royalty of 3.5% to 7.5% on potential future net sales of VK-0214. Our TR-beta programs partnered with Viking are subject to CVR sharing, and a portion of the cash received will be paid out to CVR holders. Lasofoxifene (LeonaBio, Henlius) In December 2025, LeonaBio (f/k/a Athira Pharma, Inc.) acquired the global rights, excluding Asia and certain Middle Eastern countries, from Sermonix to develop and commercialize lasofoxifene, a Phase 3 oncology asset. The ongoing Phase 3 trial, previously conducted by Sermonix, was over 50% enrolled at the time of the transaction, with data expected in mid-2027. Lasofoxifene is a selective estrogen receptor modulator in development for the treatment of breast cancer, discovered through the research collaboration between Pfizer and Ligand. The ongoing Phase 3 ELAINE-3 clinical trial will assess the efficacy of lasofoxifene in combination with Eli Lilly and Company’s CDK4/6 inhibitor abemaciclib (Verzenio ® ) compared to fulvestrant and abemaciclib in pre- and post-menopausal subjects with locally advanced or metastatic ER+/HER2- breast cancer with an ESR1 mutation. Henlius entered into a strategic collaboration and exclusive license agreement with our former partner, Sermonix, to develop, manufacture and commercialize lasofoxifene in China. Henlius is currently participating in the Phase 3 ELAINE-3 multi-regional clinical trial in China. Under the terms of our agreement with LeonaBio and Sermonix, we are entitled to receive potential regulatory and commercial milestone payments, as well as a tiered royalty of 6% to 10% on potential future net sales of lasofoxifene. Full Portfolio Details We have assembled one of the largest portfolios of biopharmaceutical assets in the industry which provides investors the opportunity to participate in the biotech industry while mitigating the industry’s usual inherent clinical binary risks. Our portfolio consists of assets which currently generate revenue through royalties on commercial products, as well as Captisol sales on commercial products. In addition to these assets, we have a substantial pipeline of development-stage assets that currently generate contractual payments through milestone and license fees with future potential for royalties and Captisol material sales for those programs under our Captisol technology. 12 Approved Partner Name Program Indication Royalty Rate Acrotech/CASI Evomela Multiple Myeloma 20% Alvogen/Adalvo Teriparatide Osteoporosis 25-50% profit share Arecor AT220 Undisclosed Undisclosed Amgen/BeOne Medicines/Ono Kyprolis Multiple Myeloma 1.5%-3% Baxter Nexterone Ventricular Arrhythmias Undisclosed Eisai Fycompa Seizures Undisclosed Elutia ECM portfolio Cardiac Device Low-single-digit Fareva SA Noxafil-IV Fungal Infections Material sales only Gilead Veklury COVID-19 Material sales only Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC/Nanjing King-friend Biochemical Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Voriconazole Fungal Infections Material sales only Ingenus Pharmaceuticals, LLC/Meridian Lab Docivyx Various Cancers Material sales only Jazz Rylaze Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) and Lymphoblastic Lymphoma (LBL) Low-single-digit Melinta Baxdela Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections (ABSSSI) and Community-Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP) Undisclosed Menarini Frovatriptan Migraine Undisclosed Merck Vaxneuvance Invasive Pneumococcal Disease Vaccine Low-single-digit Merck Capvaxive Invasive Pneumococcal Disease Vaccine Low-single-digit Merck Ohtuvayre COPD Maintenance 3% Novartis Mekinist Various Cancers Low-single-digit Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. Posaconazole Fungal Infections Undisclosed Pelthos Therapeutics Inc. Zelsuvmi Molluscum Contagiosum 13% Pelthos Therapeutics Inc. Xepi Impetigo Low-single-digit Pfizer Duavee Postmenopausal Osteoporosis and Vasomotor Symptoms Tiered low-single-digit Pfizer Vfend-IV Fungal Infections Tiered low-single-digit Recordati Qarziba High-risk Neuroblastoma Tiered mid-teens Sanofi Tzield Stage 2 Type 1 Diabetes Less than 1% Sedor/Lupin Ltd. Sesquient Seizures Undisclosed SII Pneumosil Invasive Pneumococcal Disease Vaccine Low-single-digit SII MenFive Invasive Meningococcal Disease Vaccine Low-single-digit SQ Innovation Lasix ONYU Chronic Heart Failure Edema Low-single-digit Travere/Vifor Pharma AG Filspari Primary Immunoglobulin A (IgA) Nephropathy 9% Xi’an Xintong Xinshumu Hepatitis B 9% Phase 3/Pivotal or Regulatory Submission Stage Partner Name Program Indication Royalty Rate Agenus Bot/Bal Microsatellite-Stable Colorectal Cancer 2.625% Aldeyra Reproxalap Dry Eye Disease Material sales only BendaRx Zafbena Hematologic Malignancies Material sales only Castle Creek Biosciences, Inc. D-Fi Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa Mid-single-digit Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Filspari (Japan) Primary Immunoglobulin A (IgA) Nephropathy 9% Curanex Pharmaceuticals Inc. CE-Topiramate Seizures Mid-single-digit LeonaBio/Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc. Lasofoxifene Metastatic Breast Cancer Tiered 6%-10% Nuance Pharma (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. Ohtuvayre (China) COPD Maintenance 3% Ohara Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. JPH203 Advanced Biliary Tract Cancer Undisclosed Orchestra BioMed AVIM Therapy Hypertension High teens<$100M Mid-single-digit>$100M Orchestra BioMed Virtue SAB Coronary In-stent Restenosis (ISR) High teens<$100M Mid-single-digit>$100M 13 Palvella Qtorin rapamycin Microcystic Lymphatic Malformations 8%-9.8% Sanofi Tzield Stage 3 Type 1 Diabetes Less than 1% Travere Filspari Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis 9% Phase 2 Partner Name Program Indication Royalty Rate Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ANEB-001 Acute Cannibinoid Intoxication Low-single-digit Corvus Ciforadenant Renal Cell Carcinoma Mid-single-digit to low-teens Merck Ohtuvayre Non-cystic Fibrosis Bronchiectasis 3% Merck Ohtuvayre + LAMA COPD 3% Palvella Qtorin rapamycin Cutaneous Venus Malformations 8%-9.8% Palvella Qtorin rapamycin Clinically Significant Angiokeratomas 8%-9.8% Sanofi Efdoralprin alfa Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency  Emphysema Undisclosed Sato Pharmaceuticals Co, Ltd. Zelsuvmi (Japan) Molluscum Contagiosum Undisclosed Viking VK5211 Hip Fracture 7.25%-9.25% Viking VK2809 Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Steatohepatitis (MASH) 3.5%-7.5% Xi’an Xintong MB07133 Hepatocellular Carcinoma 6% Phase 1 Partner Name Program Indication Royalty Rate Arcellx, Inc. ACLX-001 Multiple Myeloma Undisclosed Arcellx, Inc. ACLX-002 Acute Myeloid Leukemia Undisclosed Beloteca, Inc. CE-Ziprasidone Schizophrenia Undisclosed InvIOs APN401 Solid Tumors Undisclosed Jupiter Biomedical Research, Inc. Viright Various Tumors Material sales only Merck V118 Invasive Pneumococcal Disease Vaccine Undisclosed Recordati Qarziba Ewing Sarcoma Tiered mid-teens Viking VK0214 X-linked Adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD) Undisclosed Manufacturing We contract with a third-party manufacturer, Hovione, for Captisol production. Hovione operates FDA-inspected sites in the United States, Macau, Ireland and Portugal. Manufacturing operations for Captisol are performed primarily at Hovione’s Portugal and Ireland facilities. We believe we maintain adequate inventory of Captisol to meet our current partner needs and that our Captisol capacity will be sufficient to meet future partner needs. In the event of a Captisol supply interruption, we are permitted to designate and, with Hovione’s assistance, qualify one or more alternate suppliers. If the supply interruption continues beyond a designated period, we may terminate our agreement with Hovione. In addition, if Hovione cannot supply our requirements of Captisol due to an uncured force majeure event, we may also obtain Captisol from a third-party and have previously identified such parties. The original term of the agreement was through December 2024 and has been automatically renewed through December 2026. The agreement automatically renews for successive two-year renewal terms. Either party can give written notice of its intention to terminate the agreement no less than two years prior to the expiration of renewal term. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement for the uncured material breach or bankruptcy of the other party or an extended force majeure event. We may terminate the agreement for extended supply interruption, regulatory action related to Captisol or other specified events. We have ongoing minimum purchase commitments under our agreement with Hovione. Competition Some of the drugs we and our licensees and partners are developing may compete with existing therapies or other drugs in development by other companies. Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection with respect to potentially competing products or technologies and may establish collaborative arrangements with our competitors. 14 Our Captisol business may face competition from other suppliers of similar cyclodextrin excipients or other technologies that are aimed to increase solubility or stability of APIs. Our competitive position also depends upon our ability to obtain patent protection or otherwise develop proprietary products or processes. For a discussion of the risks associated with competition, see below under “

