TICKER: LINC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers, and other business entities to implement and verify adequate controls and safeguards to protect against and report cybersecurity incidents. If they fail to deter, detect or report cybersecurity incidents in a timely m aimer, we may suffer financial and other harm, including to our information, operations, performance, employees and reputation We also face threats to our physical security including to our facilities and infrastructure and the safety and the well-being of our people. These threats could involve terrorism, insider threats, workplace violence, civil unrest, natural disasters, damaging weather, or fires, which could adversely affect our Company. Such acts could detrimentally impact our ability to perform our operations. We could also incur unanticipated costs to remediate impacts and lost business. The occurrence and impact of these various risks are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and or cashflows. While we maintain insurance coverage against certain losses relating to cyber security threats and other incidents that we believe to be at adequate levels of coverage, available insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to address the damages sustained as a result of such incidents. System disruptions to our technology infrastructure could impact our ability to generate revenue and could damage the reputation of our institutions. The performance and reliability of our
technology infrastructure is critical to our ability to attract and retain
students and to our reputation. We license the software and related hosting and
maintenance services for our online platform and our student information system
from third-party software providers. Any system error or failure could result
in the unavailability of systems to us or our students or result in delays
and/or errors in processing student financial aid and related disbursements.
However, this is mitigated in part by the fact that, in many cases, on-premises
systems have the ability to shift over from one data center to another to allow
on-going operations without disruption and most of our critical “hosted”

--- VENDORS ---
vendors have a similar ability further minimizing the likelihood of system
disruption. That said, any system disruptions that do occur could interrupt our
operations, affect our ability to access information about our students, and, ultimately
impact our ability to generate revenue. Any of the cyberattacks, breaches or
other disruptions described above could further result in theft of our data and
our students’ data or result in legal claims and proceedings, liability, and
penalties under privacy laws, reputational harm and increased cost for security
and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business and
financial results. We are subject to privacy and information security laws and regulations due to our collection and use of personal information, and any violations of those laws or regulations, or any breach, theft or loss of that information, could adversely affect our reputation and operations. Our efforts to
attract and enroll students result in the Company collecting, using and storing
substantial amounts of personal information regarding applicants, our students,
their families and alumni, including social security numbers and financial data.
We also maintain personal information about our employees in the ordinary
course of our activities. Our services, the services of many of our health plan
and benefit plan vendors, and other information can be accessed globally
through the internet. We rely extensively on our network of interconnected
applications and databases for day to day operations as well as financial
reporting and the processing of financial transactions. Our computer networks
and those of our vendors that manage confidential information for us or provide
services to our students may be vulnerable to computer hackers, organized
cyberattacks and physical or electronic breaches or unauthorized access, acts
of vandalism, ransomware, software viruses and other similar types of malicious
activities. Regular patching of our computer systems and frequent updates to
our virus detection and prevention software with the latest virus and malware
signatures may not catch newly introduced malware and viruses or “zero-day”
viruses, prior to their infecting our systems and potentially disrupting our
data integrity, taking sensitive information or affecting financial
transactions. While we utilize security and business controls to limit access
to and use of personal information, any breach of student or employee privacy
or errors in storing, using or transmitting personal information could violate
privacy laws and regulations resulting in fines or other penalties. A wide
range of high-profile data breaches in recent years has led to renewed interest
in federal data and cybersecurity legislation that could increase our costs
and/or require changes in our operating procedures or systems. A breach, theft
or loss of personal information held by us or our vendors, or a violation of
the laws and regulations governing privacy could have a material adverse effect
on our reputation or result in lawsuits, additional regulation, remediation and
compliance costs or investments in additional security systems to protect our
computer networks, the costs of which may be substantial. The Company cannot
assure that a breach, loss, or theft of personal information will not occur. Changes in U.S. tax laws or adverse outcomes from examination of our tax returns could have an adverse effect upon our financial results. We are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the United States. Legislation or other changes in the tax laws of the jurisdictions where we do business could increase our liability and adversely affect our after-tax profitability. In addition, we are subject to examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and the taxing authorities of various states. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and we have accrued tax and related interest for potential adjustments to tax liabilities for prior years. However, there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these tax examinations will not have a material effect, either positive or negative, on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. The occurrence of natural or man-made catastrophes, including those caused by climate change and other climate-related causes, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. All of our
campuses are located at leased premises in various areas some of which may
experience hurricanes, severe storms, floods, coastal storms, tornadoes, power
outages and other severe weather events. If these events were to occur and
cause damage to our campus facilities, or limit the ability of our students or
faculty to participate in or contribute to our academic programs or our ability
to comply with federal and state educational requirements, our business may be
adversely affected. Disruptions of this kind may also result in increases in
student attrition, voluntary or mandatory closure of some or all of our
facilities, or our inability to procure essential supplies or travel during the
pendency of mandated travel restrictions. We may not be able to effectively
shift our operations due to disruptions arising from the occurrence of such
events, and our business and results of operations could be affected adversely
as a result. Moreover, damage to or total destruction of our campus facilities
from various weather events may not be covered in whole or in part by any
insurance we may have. 29 Index Our success depends, in part, on the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs in recruiting new students. Maintaining our revenues and margins and further increasing them requires us to continue to develop our admissions programs and attract new students in a cost-effective manner. The scope and focus of our marketing and advertising efforts and the strategies used are determined by, among other factors, the specific geographic markets, regulatory compliance requirements and the nature of each institution and its students. If we are unable to advertise and market our institutions and programs successfully, our ability to attract and enroll new students could be materially adversely affected and, consequently, our financial performance could suffer. We use marketing tools such as the internet, radio, television and print media advertising to promote our institutions and programs. Our representatives also make presentations at high schools and career fairs. Additionally, we rely on the general reputation of our institutions and referrals from current students, alumni and employers as a source of new enrollment. As part of our marketing and advertising, we also subscribe to lead-generating databases in certain markets, the cost of which may increase. Among the factors that could prevent us from marketing and advertising our institutions and programs successfully are the failure of our marketing tools and strategies to appeal to prospective students, regulatory constraints on marketing, current student and/or employer dissatisfaction with our program offerings or results and diminished access to high school campuses and military bases. In order to maintain our growth, we will need to attract a larger percentage of students in existing markets and increase our addressable market by adding locations in new markets and rolling out new academic programs. Any failure to accomplish this may have a material adverse effect on our future growth. RISKS RELATED TO OUR CAPITAL STRUCTURE Anti-takeover provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and New Jersey law could discourage a change of control that our shareholders may favor, which could negatively affect our stock price. Provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws and applicable provisions of the New Jersey Business Corporation Act may make it more difficult and expensive for a third party to acquire control of the Company even if a change of control would be beneficial to the interests of our shareholders. These provisions could discourage potential takeover attempts and could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. For example, applicable provisions of the New Jersey Business Corporation Act may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of five years after the person becomes an interested shareholder. Furthermore, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws: ● authorize the issuance of blank check Preferred Stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to thwart a takeover attempt; ● prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow holders of less than a majority of stock to elect some directors; ● require super-majority voting to effect amendments to certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; ● limit who may call special meetings of both the Board of Directors and shareholders; ● prohibit shareholder action by non-unanimous written consent and otherwise require all shareholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders; ● establish advance notice requirements for nominating candidates for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at shareholders’ meetings; and ● require that vacancies on the Board of Directors, including newly created directorships, be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office. We can issue shares of
Preferred Stock without general shareholder approval, which could adversely
affect the rights of shareholders of Common Stock. Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation permits us to establish the rights, privileges,
preferences and restrictions, including voting rights, of future series of our
Preferred Stock and to issue such stock without approval from our shareholders.
The rights of holders of our Common Stock may suffer as a result of the rights
granted to holders of Preferred Stock that may be issued in the future. In
addition, we could issue Preferred Stock to prevent a change in control of our
Company, depriving shareholders of Common Stock of an opportunity to sell their
stock at a price in excess of the prevailing market price. The trading price of our Common Stock may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. Our stock price may fluctuate significantly as a result of a number of factors, some of which are not in our control. These factors may include: ● general economic conditions; ● general conditions in the for-profit, postsecondary education industry; ● negative media coverage of the for-profit, postsecondary education industry; ● failure of certain of our schools or programs to maintain compliance under the gainful employment regulation, 90/10 Rule or with financial responsibility standards; ● the impact of DOE rulemaking and other changes in the highly regulated environment in which we operate; ● the initiation, pendency or outcome of litigation, accreditation reviews and regulatory reviews, inquiries and investigations; ● loss of key personnel; ● quarterly variations in our operating results; ● our ability to meet or exceed, or changes in, expectations of investors and analysts, or the extent of analyst coverage of us; and decisions by any significant investors to reduce their investment in our Common Stock. In addition, the trading volume of our Common Stock is relatively low. This may cause our stock price to react more to these factors and various other factors and may impact an investor’s ability to sell our Common Stock at the desired time at a price considered satisfactory. Any of these factors may adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and could prevent an investor from selling shares of our Common Stock at or above the price at which the investor purchased them. 30 Index ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Risk Management and Strategy The Company recognizes the critical importance of maintaining the safety and security of our systems and data and we take a holistic approach to the oversight and management of cybersecurity and related risks. This approach is supported by our Board of Directors and management who are actively involved in the oversight of our risk management program. The Company’s cybersecurity program is designed to protect and preserve the integrity of our networks and systems. Our cybersecurity program includes the following key elements: ● Multi-Layered Defense Technology – We work to protect our computing environments and products from cybersecurity threats through multi-layered defenses and apply lessons learned from our defense and monitoring efforts to help prevent future attacks. We utilize data analytics to detect anomalies and search for cybersecurity threats. ● Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan – We have in place a cybersecurity incident response plan that provides procedures regarding timely response and reporting of cyber incidents. The plan will be tested annually with tabletop exercises. ● Continuous Monitoring and Analysis – We utilize a third-party
Security Operations Center that maintains a 24/7 monitoring system and provides
comprehensive cyber threat detection and response capabilities which
complements the Company's cybersecurity team and leverages the technology,
processes and threat detection techniques used to monitor, manage, and mitigate
cybersecurity threats. For additional visibility and perspective, we engage
with a different third-party security firm for monthly reviews and analyses.
From time to time, we engage additional third-party consultants or other
advisors to assist in assessing, identifying and/or managing cybersecurity
threats including formalized penetration and cybersecurity testing. ● Third Party Risk Assessments – We conduct information security assessments before sharing or allowing the hosting of sensitive data in computing environments managed by third parties, and our standard contracts contain terms and conditions requiring certain security protections. ● Training and Awareness – We provide mandatory monthly awareness training and testing to all employees to help our employees identify, avoid and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including spear phishing and other awareness testing. ● Response Policy – We maintain a data breach response policy defining our incident analysis and response actions. This policy describes our initial actions upon learning of an incident, confirmation steps, notification to affected parties if any, risk mitigation planning, and post incident procedures. ● Cybersecurity Incident Insurance - We maintain cybersecurity incident insurance coverage in amounts that we believe are adequate to address any incidents such as data destruction, extortion, theft, hacking, denial of service attacks and other such incidents. However, the Company may incur expenses and losses related to a cyber incident that are not covered by insurance or that exceed our insurance coverage. Cybersecurity Governance Our Board of Directors oversees our cybersecurity program as part of our enterprise risk management. In connection with such oversight, the Board of Directors receives periodic updates, as appropriate (and no less frequently than annually), from our CIO regarding the Company’s cybersecurity risk management processes and the risk trends related to cybersecurity. The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of risks, generally and risks related to cybersecurity. Our cybersecurity team, which maintains our cybersecurity function, is comprised of technology and cybersecurity professionals in the information technology department, and is led by our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) who, prior to joining the Company, held positions as CIO, Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”), and other key leadership positions in the finance, insurance, pension benefits and banking industries. Our CIO reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for management of cybersecurity risk and the protection and defense of our networks and systems through, among other things recommending policies and standard, conducting regular risk assessments and maintaining compliance. Our CIO reports to the Board of Directors twice per year on the status of the Company’s cybersecurity risk management processes as well as on the cyber risks and threats that the Company faces and the emerging threat landscape. The cybersecurity team has broad experience and expertise, including in cybersecurity threat assessment and detection, governance, identity and access management, logical security (including cloud, end point and network), security awareness and training, mitigation technologies, cybersecurity training, incident response, cyber forensics, insider threats and regulatory compliance. As cybersecurity threats may arise, the cybersecurity team focuses on responding to and containing the threat, minimizing any business impact and complying with reporting obligations, as appropriate. To that end, the department maintains a detailed Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan including appropriate notifications should an incident occur. In the event of a perceived threat or possible cybersecurity incident, the cybersecurity team is trained to assess, among other factors, student safety impact, data and personal information impact, the possibility of business operations disruption, projected cost, if any, potential for reputational harm and reporting obligations, with support from external technical, legal and law enforcement support, as appropriate. Cybersecurity Threats While we have experienced
minor cybersecurity threats in the past, such as spear phishing or smishing
(SMS phishing), to date no such threats have materially affected the Company’s
business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We continue
to invest in the cybersecurity and resiliency of our networks and to enhance
our internal controls and processes that are designed to help protect our
systems and infrastructure and the information contained therein. However,
notwithstanding our efforts to protect confidential and personal information,
we cannot assume that our systems and facilities will not experience a
cybersecurity incident in the future that will materially affect us. Please see
Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of educational services and facilities expenses include faculty compensation and benefits, expenses of books and tools, facility rent, maintenance, utilities, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment used in the provision of education services and other costs directly associated with teaching our programs excluding student services which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. ● Selling, general and administrative. Selling, general and administrative expenses include compensation and benefits of employees who are not directly associated with the provision of educational services (such as executive management and school management, finance and central accounting, legal, human resources and business development), marketing and student enrollment expenses (including compensation and benefits of personnel employed in sales and marketing and student admissions), costs to develop curriculum, costs of professional services, bad debt expense, rent for our corporate headquarters, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment that is not used in the provision of educational services and other costs that are incidental to our operations. Selling, general and administrative expenses also includes the cost of all student services including financial aid and career services. All marketing and student enrollment expenses are recognized in the period incurred. Real Estate Transactions Asset Purchase Agreement – Summerlin, Las Vegas On November 11,
2024, the Company entered into an agreement with DVMD LLS (IntelliTec College)
for the sale of the Summerlin, Las Vegas (“Euphoria”) campus. As a result of
the intended sale, the Company recorded the carrying amount of the net assets
totaling $1.2 million as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
net assets related to the Summerlin, Las Vegas campus consisted of $2.1 million
in assets and $0.9 million in liabilities. The sale of the Summerlin campus was
consummated effective January 1, 2025. Purchase and Sale-leaseback Transaction – Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Area Campus On September 28,
2023, the Company purchased a 90,000 square foot property located at 311
Veterans Highway, Levittown, Pennsylvania for approximately $10.2 million and
subsequently on January 30, 2024 entered into a sale-leaseback transaction for
the same property. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company
invested approximately $13.6 million in capital investments. 36 Index CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Our discussions of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to bad debts, goodwill and impairment of long-lived assets and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The critical accounting policies discussed herein are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not result in significant management judgment in the application of such principles. We believe that the following accounting policies are most critical to us in that they represent the primary areas where financial information is subject to the application of management's estimates, assumptions and judgment in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. Revenue recognition. Substantially all of our revenues are considered to be revenues from contracts with students. We determine standalone selling price based on the price at which the distinct services or goods are sold separately. The related accounts receivable balances are recorded in our balance sheets as student accounts receivable. We do not have significant revenue recognized from performance obligations that were satisfied in prior periods, and we do not have any transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations other than in our unearned tuition. We record revenue for students who withdraw from our schools only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. In addition, to reduce the amount of outstanding accounts receivable balances due from our students, the Company employs a continuous collection effort. Unearned tuition represents contract liabilities primarily related to our tuition revenue. We have elected not to provide disclosure about transaction prices allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations if original contract durations are less than one-year, or if we have the right to consideration from a student in an amount that corresponds directly with the value provided to the student for performance obligations completed to date in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 606, Revenue from Contract with Customers . We have assessed the costs incurred to obtain a contract with a student and determined them to be immaterial. Allowance for Credit Losses. We define student receivables as a portfolio segment under ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . Details considered by management in the estimate include the following: We extend credit to a portion of the students who are enrolled at our academic institutions for tuition and certain other educational costs. Based upon past experience and judgment, we establish an allowance for credit losses with respect to student receivables which we estimate will ultimately not be collectible. Our standard student receivable allowance is based on an estimate of lifetime expected credit losses for student receivables that considers vintages of receivables to determine a loss rate. Our estimation methodology considers a number of quantitative and qualitative factors that, based on our collection experience, we believe have an impact on our repayment risk and ability to collect student receivables. Changes in the trends in any of these factors may impact our estimate of the allowance for credit losses. These factors include, but are not limited to: internal repayment history, changes in the current economic, legislative or regulatory environments, internal cash collection forecasts and the ability to complete the federal financial aid process with the student. These factors are monitored and assessed on a regular basis. Overall, our allowance estimation process for student receivables is validated by trending analysis and comparing estimated and actual performance. The Company evaluates its provision for credit losses on at least a quarterly basis, considering factors such as micro and macro-economic conditions, the current political climate, and other industry factors. Management makes a series of assumptions to determine what is believed to be the appropriate level of allowance for credit losses. Management determines a reasonable and supportable forecast based on the expectation of future conditions over a supportable forecast period as described above, as well as qualitative adjustments based on current and future conditions that may not be fully captured in the historical modeling factors described above. All of these estimates are susceptible to significant change. We monitor our collections and write-off experience to assess whether or not adjustments to our allowance percentage estimates are necessary. Changes in trends in any of the factors that we believe impact the collection of our student receivables, as noted above, or modifications to our collection practices, and other related policies may impact our estimate of our allowance for credit losses and our results from operations. Because a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from Title IV Programs, any legislative or regulatory action that significantly reduces the funding available under Title IV Programs, or the ability of our students or institutions to participate in Title IV Programs, would likely have a material impact on the realizability of our receivables. Our bad debt expense as a percentage of revenues for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024 was 11.2% and 12.9%, respectively. A 1% increase in our bad debt expense as a percentage of revenues for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, would have resulted in an increase in bad debt expense of $5.2 million and $4.4 million,  respectively. We do not believe that there is any direct correlation between tuition increases, the credit we extend to students and our financing commitments. The extended financing plans we offer to our students are made on a student-by-student basis and are predominantly a function of the specific student’s financial condition. We only extend credit to the extent there is a financing gap between the tuition and fees charged for the program and the amount of grants, loans and parental loans each student receives. Each student’s funding requirements are unique. Factors that determine the amount of aid available to a student include whether they are dependent or independent students, Pell Grants awarded, federal Direct Loans awarded, PLUS loans awarded to parents and the student’s personal resources and family contributions. As a result, it is extremely difficult to predict the number of students that will need us to extend credit to them. Because a substantial portion of our revenues is derived from Title IV Programs, any legislative or regulatory action that significantly reduces the funding available under Title IV Programs or the ability of our students or schools to participate in Title IV Programs could have a material effect on the realizability of our receivables. Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of
purchase price over the fair value of tangible net assets and identifiable
intangible assets of the businesses acquired. The Company tests goodwill for
impairment annually, in the fourth quarter of each year, unless there are
events or changes in circumstances that indicate an impairment may have
occurred. Impairment may result from deterioration in performance, adverse
market conditions, adverse changes in laws or regulations, the restriction of
activities associated with the acquired business, and/or a variety of other
circumstances. If we determine that impairment has occurred, we record a
write-down of the carrying value and charge the impairment as an operating
expense in the period the determination is made. As of December 31, 2025, goodwill was approximately $10.7 million, or 2.2%, of our total assets. 37 Index When we perform our annual goodwill impairment assessment we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment based on a number of factors impacting our reporting units. When a qualitative assessment is performed, a number of factors are evaluated to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Our qualitative assessment is subjective. It includes a review of macroeconomic and industry factors, review of financial and non-financial performance measures, including projected student starts and assessment of adverse events that may negatively impact a reporting units carrying value. Adverse events would include, but are not limited to, difficulty in accessing capital, a greater competitive environment, decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, regulatory or political developments, change in key personnel, strategy, or customers, or litigation. If we conclude based on our qualitative review that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we proceed with a quantitative impairment test. When we perform our quantitative impairment test we believe that the most critical assumptions and estimates in determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, future tuition revenues, operating costs, working capital changes, capital expenditures and a discount rate. The assumptions used in determining our expected future cash flows consider various factors such as historical operating trends particularly in student enrollment and pricing and long-term operating strategies and initiatives. If we determine that quantitative tests are necessary, we determine the fair value of each reporting unit using an equal weighting of the discounted cash flow model and the market approach, or if required, we will evaluate other asset value-based approaches. Our judgment is necessary in forecasting future cash flows and operating results, critical assumptions include growth rates, changes in operating costs, capital expenditures, changes in weighted average costs of capital, and the fair value of an asset based on the price that would be received in a current transaction to sell the asset. Additionally, we obtain independent market metrics for the industry and our peers to assist in the development of these key assumptions. This process is consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, there were no impairments related to goodwill. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets . The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets and identifiable intangibles for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For other long-lived assets, including right-of-use (“ROU”) lease assets, the Company evaluates assets for recoverability when there is an indication of potential impairment. Factors the Company considers important, which could trigger an impairment review, include significant changes in the manner of the use of the asset, significant changes in historical trends in operating performance, significant changes in projected operating performance, and significant negative economic trends. If the undiscounted cash flows from a group of assets being evaluated is less than the carrying value of that group of assets, the fair value of the asset group is determined and the carrying value of the asset group is written down to fair value. When we perform the quantitative impairment test for long-lived assets, we examine estimated future cash flows using Level 3 inputs. These cash flows are evaluated by using weighted probability techniques as well as comparisons of past performance against projections. Assets may also be evaluated by identifying independent market values. If the Company determines that an asset’s carrying value is impaired, it will record a write-down of the carrying value of the asset and charge the impairment as an operating expense in the period in which the determination is made. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, there were no impairments related to long-lived assets. Income taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). This statement requires an asset and a liability approach for measuring deferred taxes based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities existing at each balance sheet date using enacted tax rates for years in which taxes are expected to be paid or recovered. In accordance with ASC 740, the Company assesses our deferred tax asset to determine whether all or any portion of the asset is more likely than not unrealizable. A valuation allowance is required to be established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In accordance with ASC 740, our assessment considers whether there has been sufficient income in recent years and whether sufficient income is expected in future years in order to utilize the deferred tax asset. In evaluating the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the Company considers, among other things, historical levels of income, expected future income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary reporting differences, and the expected impact of tax planning strategies that may be implemented to prevent the potential loss of future income tax benefits. Significant judgment is required in determining the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements and/or tax returns. Differences between anticipated and actual outcomes of these future tax consequences could have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. Changes in, among other things, income tax legislation, statutory income tax rates or future income levels could materially impact the Company’s valuation of income tax assets and liabilities and could cause our income tax provision to vary significantly among financial reporting periods. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024,  we did not record any interest and penalties expense associated with uncertain tax positions, as we do not have any uncertain tax positions. Business Strategy Key elements of our business strategy include: ● Expand Geographically. We plan to open new
campuses and enter new markets using existing resources or acquisitions. We
opened a new campus in Houston, Texas in August 2025 , and
have signed leases for new campuses in Hicksville, New York, where programs are
expected to begin by the end of 2026, and Rowlett, Texas, which is expected to
open in the first quarter of 2027. 38 Index ● Replicate Programs and Expand Existing
Areas of Study. We
are expanding our program portfolio by introducing in-demand offerings at
existing campuses and replicating proven in-demand offerings across locations. ● Increase Operating Efficiency . We aim to improve margins and
scalability by centralizing operations, standardizing curricula, and leveraging
technology such as artificial intelligence to streamline campus functions. ● Maximize Utilization of Existing
Facilities. We focus
on increasing facility usage through enrollment growth, new programs, and
industry partnerships. ● Expand Teaching Platform. We are transitioning to a
hybrid teaching platform, Lincoln 10.0, the implementation of which has been
substantially completed and is expected to be finalized by the end of 2026 for
all planned programs except for Licensed Practical Nursing which will happen in
2027, to offer greater flexibility, efficiency, and value to students. Recent and Planned Campus Openings Campus Location Type Status Opening Date East Point, GA New Campus Opened March 1, 2024 Nashville, TN Campus Relocation Opened March 1, 2025 Levittown, PA Campus Relocation Opened August 1, 2025 Houston, TX New Campus Opened August 1, 2025 Hicksville, NY New Campus In Progress By the end of 2026 Rowlett, TX New Campus In Progress First quarter of 2027 Results of Operations for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2025 The following table sets forth selected consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of revenues for each of the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Revenue 100 % 100 % Costs and
  expenses: Educational
  services and facilities 39.6 % 41.3 % Selling,
  general and administrative 54.6 % 55.4 % (Gain) loss on
  sale of assets (0.1 )% 0.5 % Gain on
  insurance proceeds 0.0 % (0.6 )% Impairment of
  goodwill and long-lived assets 0.0 % 0 % Total costs and
  expenses 94.2 % 96.6 % Operating
  income 5.8 % 3.4 % Interest
  expense, net (0.7 )% (0.1 )% Pension excise
  tax (0.2 )% 0 % Income from
  operations before income taxes 5.2 % 3.3 % Provision for
  income taxes 1.2 % 1.1 % Net income 4.0 % 2.2 % Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024 Consolidated Results of Operations Revenue. Revenue increased $78.2, or 17.8% to $518.2 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 from $440.1 million in the prior year. Revenue growth was primarily due to a 15.2% increase in average student population. Year ended December 31, Consolidated 2025 2024 Revenue (millions) $ 518.2 $ 440.1 Total new student starts 20,906 18,660 Average student population 16,622 14,426 End of period student population 17,046 15,138 Year Ended December 31, Consolidated Campus Operations Transitional Corporate 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 REVENUE $ 518,241 $ 440,064 $ 518,241 $ 432,966 $ - $ 7,098 $ - $ - COSTS AND EXPENSES: Instructional 98,460 90,566 98,460 88,207 - 2,359 - - Books and tools 36,603 32,146 36,603 31,161 - 985 - - Facilities 50,098 46,791 50,098 45,842 - 949 - - Depreciation and amortization 20,228 12,256 20,228 12,200 - 56 - - Educational services and facilities 205,389 181,759 205,389 177,410 - 4,349 - - Sales and marketing 84,551 75,236 84,551 73,532 - 1,704 - - Student services 25,424 21,874 25,424 21,012 - 862 - - Provision for credit losses 58,085 56,578 58,050 55,600 - 975 35 3 Administrative 114,283 89,415 46,571 41,235 - 1,236 67,712 46,944 Depreciation and amortization 603 700 - - - - 603 700 Selling, general and administrative 282,946 243,803 214,596 191,379 - 4,777 68,350 47,647 (Gain) loss on sale of assets (406 ) 2,119 (442 ) 619 - 11 36 1,489 Gain on insurance proceeds - (2,794 ) - - - - - (2,794 ) Total costs and expenses 487,929 424,887 419,543 369,408 - 9,137 68,386 46,342 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) $ 30,312 $ 15,177 $ 98,698 $ 63,558 $ - $ (2,039 ) $ (68,386 ) $ (46,342 ) 39 Index Educational services and facilities expense. Educational services and facilities expense increased $23.6 million, or 13.0% to $205.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 from $181.8 million in the prior year. The increase over the prior year includes approximately $4.3 million reduction related to the Transitional segment, which incurred expenses only in prior year. On a comparable basis, educational services and facilities expense increased by $27.9 million. The primary driver of the increase was higher costs associated with supporting a larger student population. The remaining increase was attributable to higher depreciation expense, largely resulting from capital investments to support our growth initiatives. As a percentage of revenue, instructional expenses decreased to 19.0% from 20.6% for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Similarly, educational services and facilities expense as a percentage of revenue declined to 39.6% from 41.3% in the prior year comparable period. Those improvements demonstrate continued margin expansion as we scale operations. Selling, general and administrative expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased $39.1 million, or 16.1% to $282.9 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, from $243.8 million in the prior year. This includes $4.8 million reduction related to the Transitional segment, which had expenses in the prior year but none in the current period. On a comparable basis, selling, general and administrative expense increased $43.9 million. Administrative expenses rose $24.9 million, or 27.8%, primarily due to increased costs associated with our expanding student population and improved financial performance and a greater number of employee medical claims. Student services expense increased $3.6 million, or 16.2%, driven by continued investments in staffing and support infrastructure to serve a growing student base. Marketing expense increased by $5.0 million or 11.6% year over year driven by investments in new programs and initiatives. Provision for credit losses. While the provision increased in absolute terms, it declined as a percentage of revenue from 12.9% to 11.2% year-over-year. Selling, general and administrative expense, as a percentage of revenue, was 54.6%, compared to 55.4% in the prior year comparable period. (Gain) Loss on Sale of Assets. Gain on sale was $0.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, compared to a loss of $2.1 million in the prior year primarily driven by the sale of the Summerlin, Las Vegas campus. Gain on insurance proceeds . During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company received gross insurance proceeds in the amount of $2.8 million relating to hail damage at one of our campuses. Net interest expense. Net interest expense was $3.3 million compared to net interest expense of $0.5 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, primarily driven by a reduction in interest income resulting from lower average cash balances during the period, as funds were used for capital expenditures, and by higher interest expense on borrowings. Income taxes. Income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $6.1 million, representing effective tax rate of 23.4% of pre-tax income, compared to $4.8 million income tax provision and an effective tax rate of 32.8% the prior year comparable period. Pension excise tax. T he Company terminated its defined benefit pension plan effective December 31, 2024. The plan was settled on December 31, 2025. As a result of the plan termination, the Company received a reversion of excess plan assets of approximately $1.9 million subject to a 50% federal excise tax, which resulted in pension excise tax expense of $0.9 million, recorded in other expense. 40 Index Segment Results of Operations The Company’s business is organized into two reportable business segments: Campus Operations and Transitional. These segments are defined below: Campus Operations – The Campus Operations segment includes all campuses that are continuing in operation and contribute to the Company’s core operations and performance. Transitional – The Transitional segment refers to campuses that have been marked for closure and are being taught out. As of December 31, 2025, no campuses were classified in the Transitional segment. During the prior year, the Company’s Summerlin, Las Vegas campus was classified in the Transitional segment. The sale of the Summerlin campus was consummated on January 1, 2025. We evaluate performance based on operating results. Adjustments to reconcile segment results with consolidated results are included in the caption “Corporate,” which primarily includes unallocated corporate activity. The following table presents selected operating metrics for our two reportable segments for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 % Change Revenue: Campus Operations $ 518,241 $ 432,966 19.7 % Transitional - 7,098 (100.0 )% Total $ 518,241 $ 440,064 17.8 % Operating Income (loss): Campus Operations $ 98,698 $ 63,558 55.3 % Transitional - (2,039 ) 100.0 % Corporate (68,386 ) (46,342 ) (47.6 )% Total $ 30,312 $ 15,177 99.7 % Starts: Campus Operations 20,906 18,153 15.2 % Transitional - 507 (100.0 )% Total 20,906 18,660 12.0 % Average Population: Campus Operations 16,622 14,100 17.9 % Transitional - 326 (100.0 )% Total 16,622 14,426 15.2 % End of Period Population: Campus Operations 17,046 14,838 14.9 % Transitional - 300 (100.0 )% Total 17,046 15,138 12.6 % Year Ended December 31, 2025, Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024 Campus Operations Operating income increased $35.1 million, or 55.3% to $98.7 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, compared to $63.6 million in 2024. The change compared to the prior year was mainly driven by the following factors: ● Revenue increased $85.3 million, or 19.7% to $518.2 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 from $432.9 million in the prior year. Revenue growth was primarily due to a 17.9% increase in average student population. ● Educational services and facilities expense increased $28.0 million, or 15.8% to $205.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 from $177.4 million in the prior year. The primary driver of the increase was attributable to higher costs associated with supporting a larger student population as well as higher depreciation expense, largely resulting from capital investments to support our growth initiatives. ● Selling, general and administrative expense increased $23.2 million, or 12.1% to $214.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, from $191.4 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by higher sales and marketing expense due to planned investments in new programs and initiatives and higher administrative expenses associated with supporting a larger student population. Additionally, student services costs rose in line with the growing student base. Transitional As of December 31, 2025, no campuses were classified in the Transitional segment. 41 Index In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Board of Directors approved a plan to close the Summerlin, Las Vegas campus. The sale of the Summerlin campus was consummated on January 1, 2025. During the prior year, the Summerlin campus was classified in the Transitional segment. ● Revenue decreased $7.1 million, or 100% to zero for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, from $7.1 million in the prior year. ● Total operating expenses decreased $9.1 million, or 100% to zero for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, from $9.1 million in the prior year. The change in operating performance was the result of closing the campus and no longer enrolling new students. Corporate and Other This category includes unallocated expenses incurred on behalf of the entire Company. Corporate and other expenses were $68.3 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, compared to $46.3 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits due to workforce expansion to support a larger student population and to execute our growth initiatives. Additionally, employee medical claims increased and performance-based incentive compensation increased in line with improved financial performance. 42 Index LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our primary
capital requirements are for the maintenance and expansion of our facilities
and the development of new programs. Our principal source of liquidity has been
cash provided by operating activities. The following chart summarizes the
principal elements of our cash flow for each of the three fiscal years in the
period ended December 31, 2025: Cash Flow Summary Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 59,311 $ 29,306 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities $ (86,199 ) $ (46,971 ) Net cash used in financing activities $ (3,866 ) $ (3,331 ) As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $28.5 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $59.3 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024. The change in cash position from the prior year comparable period was primarily driven by increased capital expenditures due to campus expansion. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had $59.3 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $80.3 million in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of December 31, 2023. The change in cash position from the end of the year was driven in part by the payment of incentive compensation during the first quarter and investments in capital expenditures relating to our recently opened East Point, Georgia campus, the new Houston Texas campus, the relocation of each of the Nashville, Tennessee and Levittown, Pennsylvania campuses, and new programs and program expansions. Further, the prior year cash position benefited from $33.3 million in proceeds resulting from the sale of our Nashville, Tennessee property. On May 7, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized an extension of its share repurchase program for an additional 12 months through May 24, 2025. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not repurchase any additional shares. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately $29.7 million remaining for additional repurchases under the program. On December 24, 2024, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) registering securities for potential future use. Under the Registration Statement, we may sell the securities described in the prospectus from time to time in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of $150 million. Our primary source of cash is tuition collected from our students. The majority of students enrolled at our schools rely on funds received under various government-sponsored student financial aid programs to pay a substantial portion of their tuition and other education-related expenses. The most significant source of student financing is Title IV Programs, which represented approximately 85% of our cash receipts relating to revenues in 2025. Pursuant to applicable regulations, students must apply for a new loan for each academic period. Federal regulations dictate the timing of disbursements of funds under Title IV Programs and loan funds are generally provided by lenders in two disbursements for each academic year. The first disbursement is usually received approximately 31 days after the start of a student’s academic year and the second disbursement is typically received at the beginning of the sixteenth week from the start of the student's academic year. Certain types of grants and other funding are not subject to a 31-day delay. In certain instances, if a student withdraws from a program prior to a specified date, any paid but unearned tuition or prorated Title IV Program financial aid is refunded according to federal, state and accrediting agency standards. As a result of the significant amount of Title IV Program funds received by our students, we are highly dependent on these funds to operate our business. Any reduction in the level of Title IV Program funds that our students are eligible to receive for tuition payment to us or any restriction on our eligibility to receive Title IV Program funds would have a significant impact on our operations and our financial condition. For more information, See Part I,

