TICKER: LOPE
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers for costs such as information security systems, communication and marketing costs, travel costs, and continued expansion of our off-campus classroom and laboratory sites.  We currently do not have any regulatory emissions reporting obligations. We do not have significant risk from a transition to a low-carbon economy, which could result in changing customer behavior.  Our customers are university partners located in the United States. Corporate Governance We believe that effective corporate governance is critical to our ability to create long term value for our stockholders.  The following highlights certain key aspects of our corporate governance framework: ● We Have an Independent Board - Five of our six directors are independent. ● We Have Majority Voting for Directors - We have adopted majority voting for directors pursuant to which nominees who fail to achieve an affirmative majority of votes cast must submit their resignation. ● We Hold Annual Elections for Directors - We do not have a staggered board. ● We Assess Board Performance - We conduct regular evaluations of our Board of Directors and Committees. ● Our Independent Directors Meet Without Management - Our independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions without management present. ● We Have a Stock Ownership Policy - We require both our named executive officers and our directors to maintain a meaningful ownership stake at levels specified in our stock ownership policy. ● Our Key Committees are Independent - We have fully independent Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. ● We Do Not Have a “Poison Pill” - We do not maintain a stockholder rights plan. Seasonality Our service revenue normally fluctuates due to changes in our university partners’ enrollment which tends to be higher in the Spring and Fall periods and lower in the Summer.  Our expenses do not normally fluctuate significantly during the year which results in fluctuations in operating income between quarters. See “Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Seasonality .” Competition There are dozens of companies that seek to partner with non-profit schools and state universities to assist in the development and operation of their educational programs. These companies provide various services that traditional institutions historically have not had the experience or organizational capability to fully support. These services include marketing and recruitment, enrollment management, curriculum development, online course design, student retention support, technology infrastructure, and student and faculty call center support. The largest companies in this sector have historically been Pearson Online Learning Services, Academic Partnerships and 2U, Inc. The education services market, particularly with regard to those companies that help traditional universities develop new degree programs often delivered online, has historically been characterized by a full-service, revenue-sharing model, based on the premise that most traditional institutions are not only operationally unprepared to offer these programs at scale but also are not equipped to make the significant upfront investments necessary to develop these programs organically. In recent years, an alternative unbundled fee-for-service model has emerged, in which the companies offer the same services, or some subset of services, for the market price of those services. Finally, other industry providers affiliate with university partners to offer massive open online courses, which are aimed at unlimited participation and open access via the web at little or no cost to the student. The education services market is changing and expanding. It is highly fragmented and subject to evolving technology, shifting needs of students and educators and introductions of new delivery modalities. We believe that the competitive factors in the education services market include: ● reputation and brand awareness; ● quality of university partner base and performance track record; ● the effectiveness of marketing and sales efforts; ● robustness and evolution of technology solutions; 13 Table of Contents ● breadth and depth of services offerings; ● convenient, flexible and dependable access to programs and classes; ● level of student support services; ● quality of student and faculty experience; ● cost of programs; and ● the time necessary to earn a degree. Proprietary Rights We have developed and own, or are licensed to use, intellectual property that is or will be the subject of copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret, or other protections. This intellectual property includes but is not limited to technology, courseware materials and business know-how and internal processes and procedures developed to respond to the requirements of operating a post-secondary educational institution with a significant online campus and to comply with the rules and regulations of various education regulatory agencies. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, domain names, and agreements to protect our intellectual property. We protect our intellectual property by signing agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants, companies, and any other third party that creates intellectual property for us that assign any intellectual property rights to us. In addition, we seek to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information through the use of confidentiality agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business. While our intellectual property rights are important to us, we do not believe that the loss of any individual property right or group of related rights would have a material adverse effect on our overall business. Available Information We were incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2008 and completed our initial public offering in November 2008. Our principal executive offices are located at 2600 West Camelback Road, Phoenix, Arizona 85017, our telephone number is (602) 247-4400 and our Internet address is www.gce.com. We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). In addition, our earnings conference calls are web cast live via our website. In addition to visiting our website, you may obtain any document we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing and our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 14 Table of Contents REGULATION OF OUR EDUCATION SERVICES BUSINESS Prior to July 1, 2018, GCE, owned and operated GCU.  On July 1, 2018, GCE sold GCU to an independent, Arizona non-profit corporation (the “Transaction”).  As a result of the Transaction, we no longer own and operate an institution of higher education, nor do we directly participate in Title IV programs regulated and overseen by ED under the Higher Education Act (“HEA”).  Instead, we operate as an education service company to institutions of higher education that do participate in Title IV programs.  Nevertheless, we are required to comply with certain regulations promulgated by ED for the following reasons: ● Our operations are subject to regulation by ED due to our university partners’ participation in the federal student financial aid programs under Title IV of the HEA. Those Title IV programs include educational loans with below-market interest rates that are issued by the federal government under the Federal Direct Loan program (the “FDL Program”), as well as grant programs for students with demonstrated financial need. To participate in the Title IV programs, a school must receive and maintain authorization by the appropriate state agency or agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED, and be certified as an eligible institution by ED. ● As a third-party servicer under the HEA and the related regulations, we also have a direct relationship with ED. ED regulates our operations insofar as we are performing certain functions classified as third-party servicer functions under relevant regulations and sub-regulatory guidance. A “third-party servicer” is any person or entity used by “any eligible institution of higher education to administer, through either manual or automated processing, any aspect of such institution’s student assistance programs.”  Third-party servicers must comply with a number of regulatory requirements.  For example, they must conduct and submit to ED compliance audits under 34 C.F.R. § 668.23 .  In addition, they must comply with the requirements of 34 C.F.R. § 668.25 , which among other things, requires third-party servicers, in their contracts with institutions, to be contractually obligated to, among other things: o Comply with all statutory provisions of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, including the requirement to use any funds that the servicer administers under any Title IV program and any interest or other earnings thereon solely for the purposes specified in and in accordance with that program; o Refer to the Office of Inspector General of ED for investigation any information indicating there is reasonable cause to believe that the institution might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with the institution’s administration of any Title IV program or an applicant for Title IV program assistance might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with his or her application; and o Be jointly and severally liable with the institution to the Secretary for any violation by the servicer of any statutory provision of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, any regulatory provision prescribed under that statutory authority, and any applicable special arrangement, agreement, or limitation entered into under the authority of statutes applicable to Title IV of the HEA. ED has also indicated that it may continue to evaluate the scope of activities treated as third-party servicer functions through future rulemaking or guidance, and additional changes to the definition of, or requirements applicable to, third-party servicers remain possible. We are also subject to a number of data security and privacy regulations given our role as a third-party service provider, the compliance with which can materially impact our business model, including through future guidance, enforcement activity, or regulatory action applicable to institutions and their third-party service providers.  In addition, as more fully described below, we are subject to some of the regulations imposed on our university partners by virtue of the nature of the services we provide. The HEA and the regulations promulgated thereunder are frequently revised, repealed or expanded and the scope of services covered by regulations may evolve and change over time. Congress historically has reauthorized and amended the HEA in regular intervals, approximately every five to seven years. Congress periodically considers reauthorization of the HEA, although the timing and scope of any such reauthorization remain uncertain. The re-authorization of the HEA could alter the regulatory landscape of the higher education industry, and thereby impact the 15 Table of Contents manner in which we conduct business and serve our university partners. In addition, ED is independently conducting an ongoing series of rulemakings intended to assure the integrity of the Title IV programs. ED also frequently issues formal and informal guidance instructing institutions of higher education and other covered entities how to comply with various federal laws and regulations. For example, in February 2023, ED released DCL 23-03, a guidance document expanding the definition of what activities are considered as third-party servicer activities.  After substantial community outreach to ED, and a number of notices that the guidance would be delayed, on November 14, 2024, ED formally rescinded DCL 23-03.  Previously issued guidance on this topic (Dear Colleague Letters GEN 12-08, GEN 15-01, GEN 16-15 (as modified by the March 8, 2017 electronic announcement), and GEN-23-08) remains in effect. Regarding data security matters, in Electronic Announcement GEN 23-09, ED stated that “[t]he Department will issue guidance on NIST 800-171 compliance in a future Electronic Announcement.”  While it does not appear ED has addressed this issue in 2024 through rulemaking or otherwise, we believe data security is an area of importance and, like all ED guidance, is subject to change and may impact our business model. We are also regulated (depending upon the applicable activity being regulated) by other federal agencies or departments including the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), and the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). REGULATION OF OUR UNIVERSITY PARTNERS Institutions of higher education in America are subject to extensive regulation by state post-secondary, licensure and certification agencies, accrediting commissions, and the federal government through ED under the HEA, as well as (depending upon the applicable activity being regulated) other federal agencies and departments including the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, the FTC, the IRS, and for institutions who issue bonds, the SEC. The regulations, standards, and policies of these agencies cover the vast majority of operations of colleges and universities, including educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financing and financial operations, athletics and financial condition. Our current university partners and all likely future university partners are required to be authorized by appropriate state post-secondary, licensure, and certification authorities.  In addition, in order to participate in the federal student financial aid programs, our university partners will need to be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED.  Accreditation is a private, non-governmental process for evaluating the quality of educational institutions and their programs in areas including student performance, governance, integrity, educational quality, faculty, physical resources, administrative capability and resources, and financial stability.  The HEA requires accrediting commissions recognized by ED to review and monitor many aspects of an institution’s operations and to take appropriate action if the institution fails to meet the accrediting commission’s standards. Although we no longer own and operate an institution of higher education, nor do we directly participate in Title IV programs, regulatory matters that materially affect GCU and our other university partners will, necessarily, have a material impact on us.  The following section describes regulatory matters that affect our university partners and that may affect us as an education services provider to institutions of higher education generally. State Post-Secondary Education Regulation Our university partners are authorized to offer education by the relevant state authorizing agencies for the state in which such university partner is located. For example, GCU, our most significant university partner, is authorized to offer programs by the Arizona State Board for Private Postsecondary Education, the regulatory agency governing private post-secondary educational institutions in the State of Arizona, where it is located. State authorization is very important to our university partners and, as a result, to our business. To maintain their state authorization, our university partners must continuously meet standards relating to, among other things, educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, marketing and recruitment, financial operations, addition of new locations and educational programs, and various operational and administrative procedures. Our university partners’ failure to comply with the requirements of a state regulatory agency could result in our university partners’ losing their ability to offer educational programs, which would cause our university partners to lose their eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs and could force them, and us, to cease operations. Alternatively, a state regulatory body could restrict our university partners’ ability to offer new or certain degree and non-degree programs, which may impair our ability to grow. State regulatory requirements for online education have historically varied among the states.  To address this issue and to meet ED requirements many schools have applied and been approved to be institutional participants in the 16 Table of Contents State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (“SARA”). SARA is an agreement among member states, districts and territories that establishes comparable national standards for interstate offering of post-secondary distance education courses and programs. It is intended to make it easier for students to take online courses offered by post-secondary institutions based in another state. SARA is overseen by a national council (NC-SARA) and administered by four regional education compacts. GCU, for example, is a member of SARA in Arizona (AZ-SARA), which is administered by the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (referred to as W-SARA). There is a yearly renewal for participating in NC-SARA and AZ-SARA and institutions must agree to meet certain requirements to participate. As of December 31, 2025, all states other than California are members of SARA. Any state that does not participate in SARA may impose regulatory requirements on out-of-state post-secondary institutions operating within its boundaries, such as those having a physical facility or conducting certain academic activities within the state. GCU, for example, enrolls students in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Although it is currently licensed, authorized, in-process, or exempt in all non-SARA jurisdictions in which it operates, if GCU fails to comply with state licensing or authorization requirements for a non-SARA jurisdiction, or fails to obtain licenses or authorizations when required, it could lose its license or authorization by that jurisdiction or be subject to other sanctions, including restrictions on its activities in, and fines and penalties imposed by, that jurisdiction, as well as fines, penalties, and sanctions imposed by ED. The loss of licensure or authorization in any non-SARA jurisdiction by a university partner institution could prohibit us from recruiting prospective students or offering services to current students in that jurisdiction, which could significantly reduce such university partner’s enrollments. Individual state laws establish standards in areas such as instruction, qualifications of faculty, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financial operations, and other operational matters. To the extent required with respect to an educational service category covered by our contractual relationship, we expect to assist our university partners in meeting these requirements. Some states limit schools’ ability to offer educational programs and award degrees to residents of those states. Some states also prescribe financial regulations that are different from those of ED and may require the posting of surety bonds. While we are not directly subject to those laws, those laws may inhibit our university partners from expanding or operating in those states, limiting our ability to serve our university partners, which could significantly affect our business. In addition, state laws can indirectly regulate how we provide its services to its university partners.  For example, some states have considered new requirements that would dictate what information we must convey to students and prospective students and impose reporting requirements related to the nature of our services.  To the extent such requirements were ultimately enacted into law, they could significantly affect our business. State Professional Licensure Many states have specific requirements that an individual must satisfy in order to be licensed as a professional in specified fields, including fields such as healthcare, education, and counseling. These requirements vary by state and by field. A student’s success in obtaining licensure following graduation typically depends on several factors, including the background and qualifications of the individual graduate, as well as the following factors, among others: ● whether the institution and the program were approved by the state in which the graduate seeks licensure, or by a professional association; ● whether the program from which the student graduated meets all requirements for professional licensure in that state; ● whether the institution and the program are accredited and, if so, by what accrediting commissions; and ● whether the institution’s degrees are recognized by other states in which a student may seek to work. Many states also require that graduates pass a state test or examination as a prerequisite to becoming certified in certain fields, such as nursing and teaching. Many states will certify individuals if they have already been certified in another state. Prior to opening a new off-campus classroom and laboratory site, university partners often require approval from the applicable state board to offer its programs at that location.  This can delay the site opening and timing can vary based on the state and the university partner. Although not directly regulated by these entities, we must be mindful of the requirements placed by state professional licensure bodies on our university partner institutions to ensure those institutions maintain that licensure. 17 Table of Contents Accreditation Accreditation is a private, non-governmental process for evaluating the quality of educational institutions and their programs in areas including student performance, governance, integrity, educational quality, faculty, physical resources, administrative capability and resources, and financial stability. To be recognized by ED, accrediting commissions must adopt specific standards for their review of educational institutions, conduct peer-review evaluations of institutions, and publicly designate those institutions that meet their criteria. An accredited school is subject to periodic review by its accrediting commissions to determine whether it continues to meet the performance, integrity and quality required for accreditation. In recent years, ED has indicated an increased focus on accreditor accountability and oversight, which could result in changes to accrediting standards, review practices, or recognition requirements applicable to our university partners. Our most significant university partner, GCU has been regionally accredited by the HLC and its predecessor since 1968, most recently obtaining reaccreditation in 2017 for the ten-year period through 2027. The HLC is an accrediting agency recognized by the Secretary of Education and accredits entire institutions of higher education. The HLC has historically been categorized as a regional accreditor.  Institutional accreditation by a recognized accreditation agency is one of the prerequisites for an institution of higher education to be eligible to disburse Title IV aid to students. In addition, GCU holds a number of programmatic accreditations related to the conduct of specific programs of the university. Other colleges and universities depend, in part, on an institution’s accreditation (institutional, and, in some cases, programmatic) in evaluating transfers of credit and applications to graduate schools. Employers rely on the accredited status of institutions when evaluating candidates’ credentials, and students and corporate and government sponsors under tuition reimbursement programs look to accreditation for assurance that an institution maintains quality educational standards. University partners other than GCU may be accredited by different accrediting bodies that are likely to have standards that are different from those of the HLC. Moreover, our other university partners hold various programmatic accreditations that set additional requirements related to specific programs, including for their nursing programs. As we work with university partners in different regions we will need to work with those accrediting bodies and tailor our services to meet the requirements of those accreditors. Regulation of Federal Student Financial Aid Programs To be eligible to participate in the Title IV programs, an institution must comply with specific requirements contained in the HEA and the regulations issued thereunder by ED. An institution must, among other things, be licensed or authorized to offer its educational programs by the state in which it is physically located and maintain institutional accreditation by an accrediting commission recognized by ED. The substantial amount of federal funds disbursed to schools through the Title IV programs and the large number of students and institutions participating in these programs have caused Congress to require ED to exercise considerable regulatory oversight over educational institutions. As a result, our university partners are subject to extensive oversight and review. Because ED periodically revises its regulations and changes its interpretations of existing laws and regulations, we cannot predict with certainty how the Title IV program requirements will be applied in all circumstances to our university partners or to us directly. Additionally, ED’s final regulations addressing, among other things, financial responsibility, administrative capability, certification procedures, and Ability-to-Benefit became effective on July 1, 2024. These regulations expand the circumstances under which ED may require financial protection, impose additional and more prescriptive administrative capability standards, and provide ED with broader authority to impose conditions during initial or continuing certification. These changes increase compliance obligations for institutions participating in Title IV programs and may affect our business to the extent that we support functions implicated by these enhanced regulatory expectations. Significant regulations and other factors relating to the Title IV programs that could adversely affect us include the following: Congressional action . Congress must reauthorize the HEA on a periodic basis, usually every five to six years, and the most recent reauthorization through September 30, 2013, occurred in August 2008. The reauthorized HEA 18 Table of Contents reauthorized all of the Title IV programs in which institutions participate but made numerous revisions to the requirements governing the Title IV programs, including provisions relating to student loan default rates and the formula for determining the maximum amount of revenue that institutions are permitted to derive from the Title IV programs. In addition, members of Congress periodically introduce legislation that would impact Title IV programs and the higher education industry generally. Because a significant percentage of our revenue is indirectly derived from the Title IV programs, any action by Congress that significantly reduces Title IV program funding or the ability of our university partners to participate in the Title IV programs could reduce the ability of some students to finance their education at our university partner institutions and materially decrease their student enrollment. One Big Beautiful Bill Act On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), which includes, among other things, amendments to portions of the Higher Education Act of 1965. Various portions of the bill have already gone through negotiated rulemaking (discussed later), and it is impossible to predict the outcome of those negotiations or the rulemaking process. OBBBA makes a variety of changes to federal student aid programs, including loan limits, accountability measures for programs based on low earning outcomes, loan repayment, Pell Grant eligibility, and regulatory changes. OBBBA sets, effective July 2026, new annual and aggregate loan limits for graduate and professional students, with some limited grandfathering for current graduate and professional student borrowers. For graduate students who are not and have not been professional students, the new aggregate graduate loan limit is $100,000, irrespective of any undergraduate borrowing. With respect to graduate students who are or have been professional students, the aggregate graduate loan limit is $200,000 minus the amounts borrowed for the professional degree program. OBBBA also created a lifetime maximum aggregate amount for Title IV loans that a student may borrow of $257,500 (other than a loan made to the student as a parent borrower on behalf of a dependent student). OBBBA provides institutions the opportunity to limit the amount of loans a student may borrow in an academic year as long as any such limit is applied consistently to all students enrolled in such program of study. Additionally, OBBBA requires that the amount of loan funds available under a student’s annual loan eligibility must be reduced in direct proportion to the degree to which that student is not enrolled on a full-time basis during an academic year; ED plans to release a schedule of reductions for public comment later this year, which institutions will be required to use for students who enrolled less than full-time for academic years 2026-27 and beyond. OBBBA creates the “Do No Harm” accountability framework, effective July 2026, that institutions must satisfy at the program level in order for students to continue to receive Federal Direct Loans for such programs. OBBBA requires that an undergraduate program become ineligible for Federal Direct Loans if, in two out of three consecutive years, the median earnings of a cohort of program completers are less than the median earnings of working adults aged 25-34 with only a high school diploma, either in the state where the institution is located or, if fewer than 50% of students at the institution reside in the institution’s state, the national average. OBBBA requires that a graduate or professional program become ineligible for Federal Direct Loans if, in two out of three consecutive years, the median earnings of a cohort of program completers are less than the median earnings of working adults aged 25–34 with only a bachelor’s degree. Comparator median earnings for graduate or professional programs will be calculated based on Bureau of the Census data for working adults aged 25-34 with only a bachelor’s degree, and will be the lesser of: (i) working adults in the same field of study in the state where the institution is located, (ii) working adults in the same field of study in the United States, or (iii) all working adults in the state where the institution is located. If fewer than 50% of students at the institution reside in the institution’s state, then the median earnings will be calculated based on the lesser of the national average for (i) all working adults or (ii) working adults in the same field of study. Both the undergraduate and graduate/professional accountability provisions apply to the cohort of students who completed the program four years prior, are working, are not enrolled at any institution, and who received Federal Direct Loan funds for enrollment in the program. If a cohort is less than 30 students, the Secretary of Education may aggregate additional years of programmatic data. If a program fails the earnings test for one year, institutions must notify students that the program is at risk of losing Federal Direct Loan eligibility. OBBBA requires that an institutional appeals process be established by the Secretary of Education, and a program’s Federal Direct Loan eligibility will continue during such appeal. Programs that lose eligibility under the accountability framework may reapply for eligibility after two years, consistent with requirements that will be established by the Secretary of Education.  Based on data provided by the ED for students that graduated in 2015-2016, all of the programs that we provide services to our university partners passed this metric except GCU’s Masters in Mental and Social Health programs.  GCU is currently analyzing the data related to these programs 19 Table of Contents and it appears most universities that provide these programs online to working adult students fail this metric.  This is a brief summary of the rule and does not cover all elements of the proposed rule. Among other things related to loan repayment plans, OBBBA requires that for new loans issued on or after July 2026, borrowers choose between two plans: a Standard Repayment Plan (with fixed monthly payments and fixed terms ranging from 10-25 years) or a new Income-Based Repayment Assistance Plan (RAP). Current borrowers repaying loans under existing repayment options may, depending on the loan repayment type: (i) continue to repay under the selected plan or choose a new plan within a prescribed period; or (ii) be required to select from a limited set of plans as of a date certain. For example, borrowers currently on an Income-Contingent Repayment (ICR) plan must transition to a different plan by July 1, 2028. OBBBA also eliminates unemployment and economic hardship deferments for loans issued on or after July 1, 2027, and reduces the permitted forbearance period to 9 months per 24-month period. Additionally, borrowers will be permitted to rehabilitate defaulted loans twice beginning July 2027, rather than only once under the current rule. Effective July 1, 2026, students with a Student Aid Index that equals or exceeds twice the maximum Pell Grant amount will be ineligible for Pell Grants. A student will also be ineligible for a Federal Pell Grant during any period for which the student receives grant aid from a non-federal source (including states, institutional aid, or private sources) in an amount that equals or exceeds the student’s cost of attendance. Additionally, OBBBA creates Workforce Pell Grants effective July 2026 for students enrolled in eligible workforce programs. Eligible workforce programs must meet a specific definition, including that they are accredited, short-term, career-focused programs (150 to 600 clock hours of instruction over 8 to 15 weeks), which prepare students to pursue one or more certificate or degree programs. In addition, they must be approved by the state governor, aligned with high-demand, high-skill or high-wage jobs, have at least 70% completion and job placement rates, and tuition must be less than the value-added earnings of graduates who received the Workforce Pell Grant. Workforce Pell Grants may not be combined with a regular Pell grant. OBBBA amends the Higher Education Act to delay the effective date of the 2022 borrower defense to repayment rules, including the closed school discharge provisions, until July 1, 2035. The 2019 version of those rules, which took effect July 1, 2020, is instead reinstated. Both negotiated rulemaking committees empaneled by ED to meet to consider regulations to implement provisions of OBBBA and related Trump administration priorities, have concluded work. The Company is unable to predict the outcomes of those processes or what guidance ED may issue regarding how schools are to implement the legislation. Eligibility and certification procedures . Each institution must apply periodically to ED for continued certification to participate in the Title IV programs. Such recertification generally is required every six years, but may be required earlier, including when an institution undergoes a change in control. To the extent ED suspends, limits, modifies, conditions, or terminates any university partner institution’s eligibility to participate in the Title IV, including by disallowing the institution from adding new programs or terminating the institution from Title IV eligibility programs, that action is likely to have a negative impact on our business. ED may also grant an institution the ability to participate in Title IV programs on a provisional basis while it completes its review of the institution’s application.  For an institution that is certified on a provisional basis, ED may revoke the institution’s certification without advance notice or advance opportunity for the institution to challenge that action. For an institution that is certified on a month-to-month basis, ED may allow the institution’s certification to expire at the end of any month without advance notice, and without any formal procedure for review of such action. To our knowledge, either such action is very rare and has only occurred upon a determination that an institution is in substantial violation of material Title IV requirements.  Our primary university partner, GCU, currently operates under a provisional program participation agreement that expires on June 30, 2026. Administrative capability . ED regulations specify extensive criteria by which an institution must establish that it has the requisite “administrative capability” to participate in the Title IV programs. To meet the administrative capability standards, an institution must, among other things: ● comply with all applicable Title IV program requirements; ● have an adequate number of qualified personnel to administer the Title IV programs; ● have acceptable standards for measuring the satisfactory academic progress of its students; ● not have student loan cohort default rates above specified levels; 20 Table of Contents ● have various procedures in place for awarding, disbursing and safeguarding Title IV funds and for maintaining required records; ● administer the Title IV programs with adequate checks and balances in its system of internal controls; ● not be, and not have any principal or affiliate who is, debarred or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity that is cause for debarment or suspension; ● provide financial aid counseling to its students; ● refer to ED’s Office of Inspector General any credible information indicating that any student, parent, employee, third-party servicer or other agent of the institution has engaged in any fraud or other illegal conduct involving the Title IV programs; ● submit all required reports and consolidated financial statements in a timely manner; and ● not otherwise appear to lack administrative capability. As an education services company, we assist our university partners with some facets of these criteria. As such, we must be mindful of, and compliant with, the administrative capability requirements. If an institution fails to satisfy any of these criteria, ED may: ● require the institution to repay Title IV funds its students previously received; ● transfer the institution from the advance method of payment of Title IV funds to heightened cash monitoring status or the reimbursement system of payment; ● place the institution on provisional certification status; or ● commence a proceeding to impose a fine or to limit, suspend or terminate the institution’s participation in the Title IV programs. Imposition of these sanctions on any of our university partners could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. Financial responsibility. The HEA and ED regulations establish extensive standards of financial responsibility that institutions must satisfy in order to participate in the Title IV programs. ED evaluates institutions for compliance with these standards on an annual basis based on the institution’s annual audited consolidated financial statements, as well as when the institution applies to ED to have its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs recertified. The most significant financial responsibility standard is the institution’s composite score, which is derived from a formula established by ED based on three financial ratios: ● equity ratio, which measures the institution’s capital resources, financial viability and ability to borrow; ● primary reserve ratio, which measures the institution’s ability to support current operations from expendable resources; and ● net income ratio, which measures the institution’s ability to operate at a profit or within its means. ED assigns a strength factor to the results of each of these ratios on a scale from negative 1.0 to positive 3.0, with negative 1.0 reflecting financial weakness and positive 3.0 reflecting financial strength. ED then assigns a weighting percentage to each ratio and adds the weighted scores for the three ratios together to produce a composite score for the institution. The composite score for an institution’s most recent fiscal year must be at least 1.5 for the institution to be deemed financially responsible without the need for further ED oversight. In addition to having an acceptable composite score, an institution must, among other things, provide the administrative resources necessary to comply with Title IV program requirements, meet all of its financial obligations, including required refunds to students and any Title IV liabilities and debts, be current in its debt payments, and not receive an adverse, qualified, or disclaimed opinion by its accountants in its audited consolidated financial statements. As an education service company, we are not directly subject to this regulation. However, if ED were to determine that a university partner institution did not meet the financial responsibility standards due to a failure to meet the composite score or other financial responsibility factors, ED could impose a range of sanctions on the institution, such as requiring the institution to post a letter of credit, accept provisional certification (which would hamper the ability of the institution to add new programs), comply with additional ED monitoring requirements, agree to receive Title IV program funds under an arrangement other than ED’s standard advance funding arrangement, such as the reimbursement system of payment or heightened cash monitoring, and comply with or accept other limitations on the ability to increase the number of programs it offers or the number of students it enrolls, any of which sanctions on our university partners could also adversely affect our business. In addition, because other regulators may use the composite score for their 21 Table of Contents purposes, a poor composite score could have additional effects.  For example, NC-SARA utilizes an institution’s composite score in determining whether such institution is eligible to participate in SARA. Based on the data derived from the audited financial statements of GCU as of each of June 30, 2025 and 2024, GCU’s composite score was 1.9 and 1.9, respectively, using the proprietary school calculation methodology.  If GCU’s future composite scores do not exceed 1.5, ED could impose sanctions.  If any such sanctions were imposed, it could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. Return of Title IV funds for students who withdraw . When a student who has received Title IV program funds withdraws from school, the institution must determine the amount of Title IV program funds the student has “earned” and then must return the unearned Title IV program funds (a “return to Title IV”) to the appropriate lender or ED in a timely manner, which is generally no later than 45 days after the date the institution determined that the student withdrew. If such payments are not timely made, the institution will be required to submit a letter of credit to ED equal to 25% of the Title IV funds that the institution should have returned for withdrawn students in its most recently completed fiscal year. Under ED regulations, the letter of credit requirement is triggered by late returns of Title IV program funds for 5% or more of the withdrawn students (and involving more than two student refunds) in the audit sample in the institution’s annual Title IV compliance audit for either of the institution’s two most recent fiscal years or in a ED program review. Additionally, in January 2025, ED published new regulations, that became effective on July 1, 2026, related to a number of areas, including those concerning return to Title IV.  The January 2025 final regulations include additional provisions that address, among other things, the determination and documentation of a student’s withdrawal date and related administrative and reporting requirements, including in certain modular and distance education contexts. These provisions may increase the administrative burden on institutions and heighten the risk of compliance findings. To the extent that we assist our university partners with return to Title IV processes, these changes may also increase our operational and compliance responsibilities. The “90/10 Rule.” A requirement of the HEA, commonly referred to as the “90/10 Rule,” that is applicable only to proprietary, post-secondary educational institutions, provides that an institution loses its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs if the institution derives more than 90% of its revenue for each of two consecutive fiscal years from Title IV program funds. For purposes of the 90/10 Rule, revenue is calculated under a complex regulatory formula that requires cash basis accounting and other adjustments to the calculation of an institution’s revenue under generally accepted accounting principles that appears in its consolidated financial statements. Under the 90/10 Rule, an institution becomes ineligible to participate in the Title IV programs as of the first day of the fiscal year following the second consecutive fiscal year in which it exceeds the 90% threshold, and its period of ineligibility extends for at least two consecutive fiscal years. If an institution exceeds the 90% threshold for two consecutive fiscal years and it and its students have received Title IV funds during the subsequent period of ineligibility, the institution will be required to return those Title IV funds to the applicable lender or ED. If an institution’s rate exceeds 90% for any single fiscal year, it will be placed on provisional certification for at least two fiscal years. Based on new regulations that went into effect on January 1, 2023, the 90/10 Rule was modified to include tuition assistance programs offered by the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Veterans Administration as part of the 90% threshold, in addition to the Title IV programs already covered by the 90/10 Rule.  This means that institutions subject to the 90/10 Rule will be required to limit the combined amount of Title IV funds and applicable “Federal funds” revenue in a fiscal year to no more than 90% in a fiscal year as calculated under the rule, and the change to the 90/10 Rule is thus expected to increase the 90/10 Rule calculations for institutions subject to the rule. ED has issued updated interpretations regarding the classification of certain revenue for purposes of the 90/10 calculation, which may affect how proprietary institutions assess compliance with this requirement. Additionally, legislation has been introduced in both chambers of Congress that seeks to further modify the 90/10 Rule, including proposals to change the ratio requirement to 85/15 (federal to nonfederal revenue), or to eliminate the 90/10 Rule. We cannot predict whether or how legislative or regulatory changes will affect the 90/10 Rule. On December 15, 2025, ED formally recognized GCU as a non-profit institution for purposes of its participation in Title IV programs. As a result, the 90/10 Rule no longer applies to GCU. However, we continue to monitor developments relating to the 90/10 Rule because any of our current or future university partners that are classified as proprietary institutions would remain subject to this requirement. 22 Table of Contents Student loan defaults . Under the HEA, an educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV programs if defaults by its students on the repayment of their federal student loans exceed certain levels. For each federal fiscal year, ED calculates a rate of student defaults for each institution (known as a “cohort default rate”). The rate is calculated by determining the rate at which borrowers who became subject to their repayment obligation in one federal fiscal year default in that same year or by the end of the second year following the first federal fiscal year (known as the “three-year method”). ED applies legal thresholds to measure an institution’s compliance. If ED notifies an institution that its cohort default rates exceeded 30%, for each of its three most recent federal fiscal years, the institution’s participation in the FDL Program and the Pell grant program would end 30 days after that notification, unless the institution appeals that determination in a timely manner on specified grounds and according to specified procedures. In addition, an institution’s participation in the FDL Program would end 30 days after notification by ED that its most recent cohort default rate, is greater than 40%, unless the institution timely appeals that determination on specified grounds and according to specified procedures. An institution whose participation ends under either of these provisions may not participate in the relevant programs for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the institution receives the notification or for the next two fiscal years. If an institution’s cohort default rate for any single federal fiscal year equals or exceeds 30%, ED may place the institution on provisional certification status. While we cannot directly influence a university partner’s cohort default rates, and do not provide default rate management services, in the course of performing services for a university partner we would work to assist such university partner in ensuring that its cohort default rates do not present a compliance risk under this regulation. Nonetheless, if a university partner institution exceeded the threshold under the three-year method, the sanction imposed could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business.  While GCU’s cohort default rates have historically been significantly below these levels, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Incentive compensation rule . An institution that participates in the Title IV programs may not provide any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment, admissions, or financial aid awarding activity. Since we are involved in recruiting and admission activities on behalf of our university partners, under current regulations, we are prohibited from offering our covered employees, who are those employees involved with or responsible for recruiting or admissions activities, any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the successful recruitment, admission or enrollment of students into a postsecondary institution. We are also precluded from offering our covered employees who work on financial aid matters (if any), any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the award of financial aid to students enrolled in a postsecondary institution.  ED normally does not approve incentive compensation plans but as part of the Qui Tam settlement, they reviewed and approved our compensation plan. In addition, the incentive compensation rule raises the question as to whether companies like ours, as an entity, are prohibited from entering into tuition revenue-sharing arrangements with university partners. On March 17, 2011, ED issued official agency guidance, known as a “Dear Colleague Letter,” or a DCL, providing guidance on this point. The DCL states that “[t]he Department generally views payment based on the amount of tuition generated as an indirect payment of incentive compensation based on success in recruitment and therefore a prohibited basis upon which to measure the value of the services provided” and that “[t]his is true regardless of the manner in which the entity compensates its employees.” But the DCL also provides an important exception to the ban on tuition revenue-sharing arrangements between institutions and third parties. According to the DCL, ED does not consider payment based on the amount of tuition generated by an institution to violate the incentive compensation ban if the payment compensates an “unaffiliated third party” that provides a set of “bundled services” that includes recruitment services, such as those we provide. Example 2-B in the DCL is described as a “possible business model” developed “with the statutory mandate in mind.” Example 2-B describes the following as a possible business model: “A third-party that is not affiliated with the institution it serves and is not affiliated with any other institution that provides educational services, provides bundled services to the institution including marketing, enrollment application assistance, recruitment services, course support for online delivery of courses, the provision of technology, placement services for internships, and student career counseling. The institution may pay the entity an amount based on tuition generated for the institution by the entity’s activities for all the bundled services that are offered and provided collectively, as long as the entity does not make prohibited compensation payments to its employees, and the institution does not pay the entity separately for student recruitment services provided by the entity.” 23 Table of Contents The DCL guidance indicates that an arrangement that complies with Example 2-B will be deemed to be in compliance with the incentive compensation provisions of the HEA and ED’s regulations. Our business model and contractual arrangements with our university partners closely follow Example 2-B in the DCL. In addition, we assure that none of our “covered employees” is paid any bonus or other incentive compensation in violation of the rule. Because the bundled services rule was promulgated in the form of agency guidance issued by ED in the form of a DCL and is not codified by statute or regulation, the rule could be altered or removed without prior notice, public comment period or other administrative procedural requirements that accompany formal agency rulemaking. Similarly, a court could invalidate the rule in an action involving our company or our university partners, or in action that does not involve us at all. The revision, removal or invalidation of the bundled services rule by Congress, ED or a court could require us to change our business model in ways that could be detrimental to our business. Borrower Defense to Repayment regulations .  Under the HEA and its implementing regulations, students may file a claim with ED to discharge their FDL Loans if, generally, they believe their institution misled them or engaged in other misconduct related to the making of their federal loans or the provision of their educational services.  This is referred to as a “borrower defense to repayment” or “BDR” claim.  The regulations governing the standards and processes pursuant to which BDR claims are adjudicated have been revised multiple times since their introduction in 1994, with the result that the current regulatory framework is extraordinarily complex.  It is generally the case that an individual BDR claim would be adjudicated by an ED staff member and any subsequent recoupment process against the applicable institution initiated by ED would be overseen by a hearing official.  But the specific standards and processes that apply vary depending on when the underlying loan was made, and certain versions of the law permit the formation of a group claims process by ED. In November 2022, the Biden administration promulgated a revised version of the BDR rule, which took effect on July 1, 2023.  In August 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued a nationwide preliminary injunction, enjoining the implementation of the borrower defense and closed school provisions of that rule.  While this case is pending, the previous versions of the borrower defense and closed school provisions are in effect. On April 4, 2024, the court issued further instructions to enjoin the rule and postpone the effective date of the regulation pending final judgment in the case. The injunction is effective until there is a final judgment in the case. The Department will not adjudicate any borrower defense applications under the rule subject to the injunction unless and until the injunction is lifted. As described above, the OBBBA amends the Higher Education Act to delay the effective date of the 2022 borrower defense to repayment rules, including the closed school discharge provisions, until July 1, 2035. The 2019 version of those rules, which took effect July 1, 2020, is instead reinstated. As of January 2026, the nationwide preliminary injunction appears to remain in effect, and, although ED noted that it would issue new regulations related to BDR to effectuate the requirements of OBBBA, it has not yet published the revised rulemaking. As a result of the August 7, 2023 nationwide injunction of the 2022 BDR regulations, ED announced that while it will not adjudicate any borrower defense applications under the 2022 Borrower Defense to Repayment Regulations unless and until the effective date is reinstated, it will continue to adjudicate applications under a prior version of the rule if required pursuant to a court ordered settlement. Institutions and third-party servicers continue to operate under earlier borrower defense standards, and the resolution of the pending litigation could result in changes to applicable requirements or enforcement approaches. While the changes in the OBBBA clarify matters until July 1, 2035, litigation related to the various iterations of the BDR regulations, changes to the enforcement of these regulations, and the lack of adjudications in this area have made this area of the law difficult to predict. Nonetheless, if our university partners are determined to have violated this regulation there could be significant sanctions imposed, whether related to the recoupment of any loans extinguished by ED, the imposition of letters of credit, or other sanctions under the financial responsibility or administrative capability regulations (among others).  This could put a financial strain on our university partners and negatively affect our business.  Also, if we were determined to have been the cause of the meritorious BDTR claim, our partners may have claims against us. Note, the borrower defense to repayment regulations discussed herein were and are extensive and this does not attempt to discuss all the facets of any of the versions of these regulations. We cannot determine what effect, if any, these regulations may have on our university partners or on us. 24 Table of Contents Compliance reviews. Our university partners institutions are subject to announced and unannounced compliance reviews and audits by various external agencies, including ED, its Office of Inspector General, state licensing agencies, the applicable state approving agencies for financial assistance to veterans, and accrediting commissions. As part of ED’s ongoing monitoring of institutions’ administration of the Title IV programs, the HEA also requires institutions to annually submit to ED a Title IV compliance audit conducted by an independent certified public accountant in accordance with applicable federal and ED audit standards. In addition, to enable ED to make a determination of an institution’s financial responsibility, each institution must annually submit audited financial statements prepared in accordance with ED regulations. As a third-party servicer, not only are our university partners subject to reviews and audits that may require our involvement, but we are also subject to program reviews from ED and the Office of the Inspector General. Further, we also have an obligation to annually submit to ED a Title IV compliance audit conducted by an independent certified public accountant in accordance with applicable federal and ED audit standards. Gainful employment rule s. Under the HEA, proprietary schools are eligible to participate in Title IV programs in respect of educational programs that lead to “gainful employment in a recognized occupation,” with the limited exception of qualified programs leading to a bachelor’s degree in liberal arts. ED attempted to define this in a series of regulations from 2010 to 2016.  On July 1, 2019, ED rescinded the previously enacted gainful employment regulations. Then in 2023, ED published new Financial Value Transparency and Gainful Employment (“FVT/GE”) regulations, which became effective July 1, 2024.  These regulations establish rules for annually evaluating GCU’s educational programs based on the calculation of debt-to-earnings rates (an annual debt-to-earnings rate and a discretionary debt-to-earnings rate) and a median earnings measure.  ED will calculate these rates and measures under complex regulatory formulas outlined in the regulations and using data such as student debt (including not only Title IV loans but also certain private loans and extensions of credit), student earnings data, and comparative median earnings data for young working adults with only a high school diploma or GED.  If GCU’s programs were to yield debt-to-earnings rates or a median earnings measure that do not comply with regulatory benchmarks for two of three consecutive years, they would lose Title IV eligibility for each of the impacted educational programs.  The regulations will also require institutions to provide warnings to current and prospective students for programs in danger of losing Title IV eligibility (which could deter prospective students from enrolling and current students from continuing their respective programs).  The regulations also include provisions for providing certifications and reporting data to ED and providing required student disclosures related to gainful employment. During 2025, ED implemented the initial phases of the FVT/GE regulatory framework, including institutional review and verification of FVT/GE Completers Lists and required program-level data reporting. These implementation activities required institutions to review, verify, and report detailed program-level data and may indirectly influence program eligibility, reporting obligations, and enrollment dynamics at the institutions we serve. On January 9, 2026, the Accountability in Higher Education and Access through Demand-driven Workforce Pell (AHEAD) Committee empaneled by ED to implement the “Do No Harm” accountability framework in the OBBBA came to consensus on regulatory language that would replace FVT/GE framework with a new earnings premium test.  It is unclear when the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking will be published, but if the final rule is published on or before November 1, 2026, the new test will become effective on July 1, 2027 (unless designated for early implementation by ED).  Below is a brief summary of the rule and does not cover all elements of the rule.  This test would apply to all programs at all schools regardless of tax status.  In short, the test would compare a program's graduates' median earnings (4 years after completion) to state/national benchmarks (median earnings of working high school graduates for undergraduate students; bachelor’s graduates for graduate programs) to ensure a positive financial return on investment. Programs failing this test for two out of three years risk losing eligibility for federal loans.  Based on data provided by the ED for students that graduated in 2015-2016 all of the programs that we provide services to our university partners passed this metric except, GCU’s Master’s in Mental and Social Health program.  GCU is currently analyzing the data related to these programs and it appears most universities that provide these programs online to working adult students fail this metric. The regulations include measures that will be based in part on data that is not readily accessible to us or our university partners, which makes it difficult for us to predict with certainty how our partners’ educational programs will perform under the new benchmarks and the extent to which certain programs could become ineligible for Title IV loans.  ED released performance data at the time it published the proposed regulations that calculates rates for each school’s programs while acknowledging that the methodology used to produce the calculations differs from the 25 Table of Contents methodology in the proposed regulations due to limitations in data availability.  Because neither we nor our partners have access to all of the data that will ultimately be used to evaluate our partners’ programs, we cannot predict whether, or the extent to which, any program could fail to comply with the new benchmarks. Moreover, our university partners do not have control over the factors that could impact the rates and measures for their programs which will limit their ability to eliminate or mitigate the impact of the regulations on their educational programs.  As such, we cannot at this time determine which programs from our partners are at risk of failing and, consequently, losing eligibility to disburse Title IV loans. We have not fully evaluated these proposed regulations and cannot yet determine what effect, if any, these regulations may have on our university partners or on us. Substantial misrepresentation . The HEA prohibits an institution that participates in Title IV programs from engaging in “substantial misrepresentation” of the nature of its educational program, its financial charges, or the employability of its graduates. ED has defined a misrepresentation as any statement made by the institution or a third party that provides educational programs, marketing, advertising, recruiting, or admissions services to the institution that is false, erroneous or has the likelihood or tendency to deceive. A substantial misrepresentation is any misrepresentation on which the person to whom it was made could reasonably be expected to rely, or has reasonably relied, to that person’s detriment. The regulation also covers statements made by any representative of an institution, including agents, employees and subcontractors, and statements made directly or indirectly to any third party, including state agencies, government officials or the public, and not just to students or prospective students.  Therefore, we are subject to this regulation. Considering the breadth of the definition of “substantial misrepresentation,” it is possible that despite our efforts to prevent such misrepresentations, our employees or contractors may make statements that could be construed as substantial misrepresentations for which our university partners would be held responsible by ED. We and our employees and subcontractors, as agents of our university partners, must use a high degree of care to comply with such rules and are prohibited by contract from making any false, erroneous or misleading statements about our university partners. To avoid an issue under the misrepresentation rule and similar rules, we assure that all marketing materials are approved in advance by our university partners before they are used by our employees and subcontractors in their conversations with students and prospective students.  Additionally, matters regarding substantial misrepresentation, and defining what constitutes “aggressive recruiting,” are currently the subject of negotiated rulemaking. While we are watching this process closely, we cannot determine what the outcome will be or the effect of these regulations on our university partners or on GCE. Despite our best efforts, we or our university partners may face complaints from our university partners’ students and prospective students over statements made by us and our agents throughout the conduct of our services that would expose our university partners, and derivatively us, to increased risk of enforcement action and applicable sanctions or other penalties and increased risk of private qui tam actions under the Federal False Claims Act. Also, if ED determines that an institution (including its contractors) has engaged in substantial misrepresentation, ED may revoke an institution’s program participation agreement, impose limitations on the institution’s participation in Title IV programs, deny applications from the institution for approval of new programs or locations or other matters, or initiate proceedings to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. Similar rules apply under state laws or are incorporated in institutional accreditation standards, and the FTC applies similar rules prohibiting any unfair or deceptive marketing practices to the education sector. In October 2021, the FTC announced that it was resurrecting its Penalty Offense Authority under Section 5(m) of the FTC Act. Under the FTC Act, the FTC may secure penalties against entities not a party to an original proceeding if the FTC can show that the entity had actual knowledge that the conduct in question was found to be unfair or deceptive. Entities that have actual knowledge of acts or practices the FTC has found to be unlawful and that subsequently engage in such unlawful acts or practices may be held liable for civil penalties up to $50,120 per violation. If ED or another regulator determines that statements made by us or on our behalf are in violation of the regulations, we could be subject to sanctions and other liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Negotiated rulemaking . ED periodically issues new regulations and guidance that can have an adverse effect on our partner institutions.  ED has changed its regulations, and may make other changes in the future, in a manner 26 Table of Contents which could require us to incur additional costs in connection with providing the services that we provide our university partners affect their ability to remain eligible to participate in the Title IV programs, impose restrictions on their participation in the Title IV programs, affect the rate at which students enroll in our partners’ programs, or otherwise have a significant impact on our business and results of operations.  We cannot predict with certainty the ultimate combined impact of the regulatory changes which have occurred in recent years, nor can we predict the effect of future legislative or regulatory action by federal, state or other agencies regulating our operations or those of our university partners, how any resulting regulations will be interpreted or whether we and our university partner institutions will be able to comply with these requirements in the future. Any such actions by legislative or regulatory bodies that affect our operations or those of our university partners could have a material adverse effect on our business and that of university partner institutions. ED engaged in two negotiated rulemakings stemming from the OBBBA, both of which reached consensus.  The “Reimagining and Improving Student Education” (RISE) Committee implemented the new loan limits imposed by Congress in OBBBA (and discussed earlier).  The AHEAD Committee (also discussed earlier) implemented the new accountability framework. We have not fully evaluated these proposed regulations and cannot yet determine what effect, if any, these regulations may have on our university partners or on us. Regulatory Standards that May Restrict Institutional Expansion or Other Changes Many actions that our university partners may wish to take in connection with expanding their operations or other changes are subject to review or approval by the applicable regulatory agencies. For example, requirements and standards of state post-secondary agencies, accrediting commissions, and ED limit an institution’s ability in certain instances to establish additional teaching locations, implement new educational programs, or increase enrollment in certain programs. Many states require review and approval before institutions can add new locations or programs, and many states limit the number of pre-licensure professional students (such as nursing) colleges may enroll. Similarly, accrediting agencies (institutional and programmatic) generally require institutions to notify them in advance of adding new locations or implementing new programs, and upon notification may undertake a review of the quality of the facility or the program and the financial, academic, and other qualifications of the institution. With respect to ED, if an institution participating in the Title IV programs plans to add a new location or educational program, the institution must generally apply to ED to have the additional location or educational program designated as within the scope of the institution’s Title IV eligibility. Institutions that are fully certified to participate in the Title IV programs are not required to obtain ED’s approval of additional programs that lead to a bachelor’s, professional, or graduate degree at the same degree level as programs previously approved by ED.  GCU, because it is currently certified to participate in the Title IV programs on a provisional basis, is required to obtain ED approval for new programs, which requirement could impede GCU’s ability to introduce new programs and slow its growth. 27 Table of Contents Item 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors providing some or all of the services we provide to other segments of the education market, and these vendors may pursue the institutions we target. In addition, colleges and universities may choose to continue using or to develop their own solutions in-house, rather than pay for our solutions. Increased competition may result in changes in the revenue share percentage we are able to negotiate to receive from a university partner. The competitive landscape may also result in longer and more complex sales cycles with prospective university partners, which would negatively affect our ability to add additional university partners and thus our ability to grow our business. A number of competitive factors could cause us to lose potential university partner opportunities or force us to offer our solutions on less favorable economic terms, including: ● c ompetitors may develop service offerings that our potential university partners find to be more compelling than ours; ● c ompetitors may adopt more aggressive pricing policies and offer more attractive sales terms, adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in university partner and student requirements, and devote greater resources to the acquisition of qualified students than we can; and ● c urrent and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to enhance their products and expand their markets, and our industry is likely to see an increasing number of new entrants and increased consolidation. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. In addition, competition may intensify as our competitors raise additional capital and as established companies in other market segments or geographic markets expand into our market segments or geographic markets. If we cannot compete successfully against our competitors, our ability to grow our business could be impaired. Artificial intelligence is an emerging area of technology that has and may further impact various aspects of our business operations and that of our university partners, and we may not be successful in our artificial intelligence initiatives, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. We have made, and expect to continue making, investments in the integration of AI into our platforms, products, and services.  While we expect our use of AI to help grow our business and benefit our university partners, the use of AI presents various risks, challenges, and potential unintended consequences that could disrupt our ability to effectively integrate and leverage these technologies and it is not certain that we will realize our desired or anticipated benefits.  The process of refining and expanding AI-driven offerings may involve significant costs, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will ultimately succeed. Additionally, competitors may develop more effective or efficient AI solutions, potentially undermining our competitive position.  The regulatory environment surrounding AI is still in development, and new laws or regulations could emerge that require substantial adjustments to our business practices.  These changes could impose unexpected costs or operational disruptions, and the full scope and impact of such regulatory developments remain uncertain.  AI technologies also carry the risk of generating content that is or is alleged to be deficient, biased, factually incorrect or infringing on third-party intellectual property rights, which may in turn make us subject to private lawsuits, regulatory scrutiny, or reputational harm.  Furthermore, the use of AI may result in incidents that compromise the confidentiality of data, including personal data.  If we suffer adverse consequences due to any of these factors, it could in turn have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial performance, and operations. We are subject to rapidly changing laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security as a result of our collection and use of personal information, and any failure to comply with such laws or regulations could lead to government enforcement actions or private litigation or adversely affect our reputation and operations. Possession and use of personal information in our operations subjects us to risks and costs that could harm our business. We collect, use, and retain large amounts of personal information regarding our primary university partner’s applicants and students, including social security numbers, tax return information, personal and family financial data, and credit card numbers. We also collect and maintain personal information of our employees in the ordinary course of 33 Table of Contents our business. Our services can be accessed globally through the Internet. Therefore, we may be subject to the application of national privacy laws in countries outside the U.S. from which applicants and students access our services. Such privacy laws could impose conditions that limit the way we market and provide our services. Possession and use of personal information in our operations subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that could require us to implement certain policies and procedures, such as the procedures we adopted to comply with the Red Flags Rule that was promulgated by the FTC under the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act and that requires the establishment of guidelines and policies regarding identity theft related to student credit accounts, and could require us to make certain notifications of data breaches and restrict our use of personal information. Similarly, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in 2018 (which went into effect in 2020), and there are similar bills that have been passed or are pending in a number of other states, as well. These state laws represent a trend toward stronger privacy protections and greater data transparency in the United States. Currently, federal law legislates privacy on an industry-by-industry basis. Without an overarching federal law driving privacy compliance, the risk is high of a patchwork of privacy legislation formed by individual state laws, similar to the states’ approach to breach notification obligations. This could not only increase costs for compliance but also raise the risk of enforcement by individual state Attorneys General.  A violation of any laws or regulations relating to the collection or use of personal information, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act’s Safeguards Rule, could result in the imposition of fines against us. Moreover, ED has published extensive requirements for the protection of student data and has indicated such requirements may be strengthened in the future. In addition, we may in the future be subject to litigation under state and federal privacy and data security laws and regulations by governmental authorities and private litigants, including class actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face risks of cyber and other security incidents, which can impact our business, result in harm to our operations, and require costly remediation measures. We and our university partners face an ever-increasing number of cybersecurity threats from a broad range of threat actors.  These threats can result in security incidents, including hacking and data breaches, which may be caused by intentional or unintentional actions by our employees, contractors, consultants, students or other third parties, including cyber-attacks by malicious threat actors.  Security incidents may take the form of unauthorized activity and access, phishing or spoofing, malicious penetration, system viruses, malicious code, malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks and other organized cyber-attacks that seek to exploit vulnerabilities and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. We have in the past, and may in the future, be subject to such cyber-security incidents. Incidents may occur as a single instance, or may occur over an extended period of time without detection.  Our computer networks and the networks of certain of our vendors that hold and manage confidential information on our behalf may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, employee theft or misuse, computer hackers, computer viruses, and other security threats. Confidential information may also inadvertently become available to third parties when we integrate systems or migrate data to our servers in connection with periodic hardware or software upgrades. Due to the sensitive nature of the personal information stored on our servers, our networks may be targeted by hackers seeking to access this data. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate sensitive information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Although we use security and business controls to limit access and use of personal information, a third party may be able to circumvent those security and business controls, which could result in a breach of student or employee data and privacy. In addition, errors in the storage, use, or transmission of personal information could result in a breach of privacy for current or prospective students or employees. The increased use of mobile devices by our employees, and the employees and students of our university partners, increases the risk of Information Technology (“IT”) threats and vulnerabilities, such as those involving unsecure networks, as well as unintentional disclosure of personal information, such as through the theft of a mobile device, which can lead to a security incident and/or data breach. Additionally, personnel or students of our university partners, or our employees or independent contractors, could use our online learning platform to store or process regulated personal information without our knowledge.  In the event that our systems experience a data security incident, or an individual or entity accesses information without, or in excess of, proper authorization, we could be subject to data security incident notification laws, which may require prompt remediation and notification to individuals.  If we are unaware of the data and information stored on our systems, 34 Table of Contents we may be unable to appropriately comply with all legal obligations, and we may be exposed to governmental enforcement or prosecution actions, private litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity that could harm our reputation and business. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these breaches. A major breach, theft, or loss of personal information regarding our university partners’ students and their families or our employees that is held by us or our vendors, or a violation of laws or regulations relating to the same, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and result in further regulation and oversight by federal and state authorities and increased costs of compliance. We are required to comply with The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, or FERPA, and failure to do so could harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. FERPA generally prohibits an institution of higher education participating in Title IV programs from disclosing personally identifiable information from a student’s education records without the student’s consent.  Our university partners and their students disclose to us certain information that originates from or comprises a student education record under FERPA.  As an entity that provides services to institutions participating in Title IV programs, we are indirectly subject to FERPA, and we may not transfer or otherwise disclose any personally identifiable information from a student record to another party other than in a manner permitted under the statute.  If we violate FERPA, it could result in a material breach of our contract with one or more of our university partners and could harm our reputation.  Further, in the event that we disclose student information in violation of FERPA, ED could require a university partner to suspend our access to their student information for at least five years, which would significantly and adversely impact our ability to provide our contracted services. Capacity constraints, system disruptions, or security breaches in our online computer networks and phone systems could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain students. The performance and reliability of the infrastructure of our computer networks and phone systems, including the online programs of our university partners, is critical to our operations, our reputation and our ability to attract and retain students on our university partners’ behalf. Any computer system disruption or failure, or a sudden and significant increase in traffic on the servers that host our online operations, may result in the online courses and programs being unavailable for a period of time. In addition, any significant failure of our computer networks or servers, whether as a result of third-party actions or in connection with planned upgrades and conversions, could disrupt our operations. Individual, sustained, or repeated occurrences could significantly damage the reputation of our technology and services and result in a loss of potential or existing students of our university partner institutions. Additionally, our operations are vulnerable to interruption or malfunction due to events beyond our control, including natural disasters and network and telecommunications failures. Our computer networks may also be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions to or malfunctions in operations. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these incidents. Any interruption to our operations could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract students to our university partner’s programs and to retain those students. We may have difficulty integrating future acquisitions, which would reduce the anticipated benefits of those transactions. We intend to continually evaluate potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, products, services and technologies, including those that are significant in size and scope. The risks we may encounter in acquisitions include: ● i f we incur significant debt to finance a future acquisition and our business does not perform as expected, we may have difficulty complying with debt covenants; ● i f we use our stock to make a future acquisition, it will dilute existing stockholders; ● w e may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of any acquired company; ● we may face t he challenges and additional investments involved with integrating new products, services and technologies into our sales and marketing process associated with any acquired business; ● o ur ongoing business may be disrupted by transition and integration issues with any acquired business; ● t he costs and complexity of integrating the internal information technology infrastructure of each acquired business with ours may be greater than expected and may require additional capital investments; ● w e may be unable to achieve the financial and strategic goals for any acquired businesses; 35 Table of Contents ● w e may have difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration period following a future acquisition; ● o ur relationships with existing university partners could be adversely affected following an acquisition; and ● a s successor we may be subject to certain liabilities of our acquisition targets. Our failure to effectively integrate any future acquisition would materially limit the benefit of such transaction, including potential synergies or sales growth opportunities, in the time frame anticipated. Risks Related to the Extensive Regulation of the Higher Education Industry Our failure, or our university partners’ failure, to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements governing institutions of higher education could result in financial penalties, restrictions on our operations or growth, or loss of external financial aid funding for our university partners’ students. To participate in the Title IV programs, a school must be authorized by the appropriate state post-secondary agency or agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED, and be certified as an eligible institution by ED. In addition, the operations and programs of our university partners, and any future university partners, are regulated by other state education agencies and additional specialized accrediting commissions. As a result of these requirements, we are subject to extensive regulation from state entities, institutional accrediting commissions, specialized accrediting commissions, and ED. These regulatory requirements cover many of our operations, as well as the operations of our university partners. These include regulations related to educational programs, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financial operations, and financial condition of any university partner. These regulatory requirements also affect our ability to assist university partner institutions with adding new educational programs and changing existing educational programs. The agencies that regulate higher education periodically revise their requirements and modify their interpretations of existing requirements. Regulatory requirements are not always precise and clear, and regulatory agencies may sometimes disagree with the way we have (or any university partner has) interpreted or applied these requirements. Any misinterpretation of regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect us. If we fail, or any university partner institution fails, to comply with any of these regulatory requirements, we or any university partner could suffer financial penalties, limitations on operations, or other sanctions, each of which could materially adversely affect us. In addition, if we or any university partner are charged with regulatory violations, our reputation could be damaged, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and enrollments at university partner institutions. ED and other regulators have increased the frequency and severity of their enforcement actions against post-secondary schools, including our primary university partner. In some cases, these enforcement actions have resulted in material sanctions, loss of Title IV eligibility, or closure in schools. We cannot predict with certainty how all of these regulatory requirements will be applied, or whether we will be able to comply with all of the applicable requirements in the future. Rulemaking by ED and Congressional legislation could materially and adversely affect our business. Over the past few years, ED has regularly promulgated new regulations and guidance that impact our university partners and our business directly. These and other regulations and guidance documents, including those discussed above under “Regulation of our Education Services Business,” can increase our operating costs and, in some cases, change the manner in which we operate our business. In addition, because certain of these regulations have been vacated or blocked as a result of litigation challenging the regulations, there remains substantial uncertainty regarding their present or future effectiveness or enforcement. New or amended regulations in the future, particularly regulations focused on third-party service providers, could further negatively impact our business. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the OBBBA, which makes a variety of changes to federal student aid programs, including loan limits, accountability measures for programs based on low earning outcomes, loan repayment, Pell Grant eligibility, and regulatory changes.  As one example, OBBBA creates the “Do No Harm” accountability framework, effective July 2026, that institutions must satisfy at the program level in order for students to continue to receive Federal Direct Loans for such programs. Under this framework, OBBBA requires that an undergraduate program become ineligible for Federal Direct Loans if, in two out of three consecutive years, the median earnings of a cohort of program completers are less than the median earnings of working adults aged 25-34 with only a high school diploma, either in the state where the institution is located or, if fewer than 50% of students at the institution reside in the institution’s state, the national average. OBBBA requires that a graduate or professional program become ineligible for Federal Direct Loans if, in two out of three consecutive years, the median earnings of a cohort of program completers are 36 Table of Contents less than the median earnings of working adults aged 25–34 with only a bachelor’s degree. Both the undergraduate and graduate/professional accountability provisions apply to the cohort of students who completed the program four years prior, are working, are not enrolled at any institution, and who received Federal Direct Loan funds for enrollment in the program. If a cohort is less than 30 students, the Secretary of Education may aggregate additional years of programmatic data. Based on data provided by the ED for students that graduated in 2015-2016, all of the programs that we provide services to our university partners passed this metric except GCU’s Masters in Mental and Social Health programs.  GCU is currently analyzing the data related to these programs and it appears that most universities that provide these programs online to working adult students fail this metric.  To the extent that these or any other programs offered by our university partners pursuant to our services agreements fail these metrics, then this would have an adverse effect on our university partners and thus an adverse effect on our business.  We cannot predict with certainty how all of these regulatory requirements under the OBBBA will be applied or what their ultimate impact on our business will be. Recently published regulations could materially and adversely affect our business. In addition to other regulations discussed elsewhere (such as those related to the OBBBA), on July 1, 2024 new regulations became effective covering the areas of financial responsibility, administrative capability, certification standards and procedures, and ability to benefit. Financial Responsibility :  The final regulations include an expanded list of mandatory and discretionary triggering events that could result in ED determining that an institution lacks financial responsibility and must submit to ED a letter of credit or other form of acceptable financial protection and accept other conditions on the institution’s Title IV Program eligibility. The final regulations, among other things, modify and substantially expand the number of triggers and, as a result, increase the likelihood that ED could impose a financial protection requirement and other conditions on our university partners.  The final rules require the institution to notify ED of a triggering event and provide information demonstrating why the event does not warrant the submission of a letter of credit or imposition of other requirements.  The final rules state that, if ED requires financial protection as a result of more than one mandatory or discretionary trigger, ED will require separate financial protection for each individual trigger, which could substantially increase the amount of financial protection we and other institutions could be required to provide to ED. Examples of mandatory triggering events under the final rules include a lawsuit by a federal or state authority or a qui tam lawsuit in which the Federal government has intervened, where the suit has been pending for 120 days as measured under the regulation; an action where ED seeks to recover the cost of adjudicated claims in favor of borrowers under the borrower defense to repayment regulations and the claims would lower the institution’s composite score below 1.0; certain judgments, awards, or settlements in certain lawsuits, mediations, or administrative or arbitration proceedings; certain withdrawals of owner’s equity including by dividend; gainful employment issues; accreditor requirements to submit a teach-out plan for reasons related to financial concerns; certain actions taken against a publicly-traded company or failure to timely file certain annual or quarterly reports; 90/10 Rule issues; cohort default rate issues; contributions and distributions occurring near the fiscal year end that materially impact the composite score; certain defaults or other adverse events under a financing arrangement; or certain financial exigencies or receiverships. Examples of discretionary triggering events under the final regulations include certain accrediting agency actions, certain accreditor events, fluctuations in Title IV volume, high annual dropout rates, indicators of significant change in the financial condition of the institution, the formation by ED of a group process to consider borrower defense claims against the institution, the institution’s discontinuation of education programs affecting at least 25 percent of enrolled students receiving Title IV funds, the institution’s closure of locations that enroll more than 25 percent of its students who receive Title IV funds, certain state licensing agency actions, the loss of institutional or program eligibility in another federal educational assistance program, a requirement to disclose in a public filing that the company is under investigation for possible violations of law, or if the institution is cited and faces loss of education assistance funds from another federal agency if it does not comply with agency requirements.  The final regulations also established new rules for evaluating financial responsibility during a change in ownership. Administrative Capability :  ED assesses the administrative capability of each institution that participates in Title IV programs under a series of separate standards. Failure to satisfy any of the standards may lead ED to find the institution ineligible to participate in Title IV programs or to place the institution on provisional certification as a condition of its participation. The final rules add more standards related to topics such as the provision of adequate financial aid counseling and career services, ensuring the availability of clinical and externship opportunities, the 37 Table of Contents disbursement of Title IV funds in a timely manner, compliance with high school diploma requirements, preventing substantial misrepresentations, complying with gainful employment requirements, and avoiding significant negative actions with a federal, state, or accrediting agency. Certification Regulations :  The final regulations expanded the grounds for placing institutions on provisional certification, expanded the types of conditions ED may impose on provisionally certified institutions, and expanded the number of requirements contained in the institution’s program participation agreement with ED (including, among other requirements, an obligation to comply with all state laws related to closure). The final regulations, allow ED to place institutions on provisional certification if, among other reasons, the institution does not meet financial responsibility factors or administrative capability standards, if the institution is required by ED to submit a letter of credit as a result of a mandatory or discretionary triggering event, or if ED deems the institution to be at risk of closure. An institution that is provisionally certified receives fewer due process rights than those received by other institutions in the event ED takes certain adverse actions against the institution, is required to obtain prior ED approvals of new campuses and educational programs and may be subject to heightened scrutiny by ED. Provisional certification makes it easier for ED to revoke or decline to renew an institution’s Title IV eligibility without undergoing a formal administrative appeal process. The regulations also expand the conditions to which institutions must agree as part of their participation in the Title IV programs. These final regulations also allow ED to determine whether to certify or impose conditions on an institution based on consideration of factors including, for example, the institution’s withdrawal rate, the amounts the institution spent on recruiting activities, advertising, and other pre-enrollment activities, and the passage rate for licensure exams for programs that are designed to meet the educational requirements for a professional license required for employment in an occupation. These final regulations expand the types of conditions ED can impose on provisionally certified institutions including, for example, restrictions on the addition of new programs or locations; restrictions on the rate of growth or new enrollment of students or of Title IV volume; restrictions on the institution providing a teach-out on behalf of another institution; restrictions on the acquisition of another participating institution (including financial protection requirements); additional reporting requirements; limitations on entering into certain written arrangements with institutions or entities for providing part of an educational program, requirements to submit marketing and recruiting materials to ED for approval (if the institution is alleged or found to have engaged in substantial misrepresentations to students, engaged in aggressive recruiting practices, or violated incentive compensation rules); reporting requirements for institutions that received a government formal inquiry such as a subpoena related to its marketing or recruitment or its federal financial aid, and other potential conditions imposed by ED. Additionally, in January 2025, ED published another set of regulations.  The regulations include: ● A new definition of “distance education course” which provides that a course is considered a distance education course if all instruction occurs exclusively through distance education methods, as defined in existing regulations.  This designation applies even if the course includes in-person, non-instructional activities sch as orientation, testing or academic support services; ● Technical changes to the TRIO programs that focus on providing services to individuals from disadvantaged backgrounds; ● Revisions to the return to Title IV process; ● A requirement that an institution is required to document a student’s withdrawal date within 14 days of the last date of attendance; ● Clarification regarding the academic progressions of students returning from a leave of absence from a clock-hour/non-term credit hour, subscription-based, and eligible prison education programs; ● Clarification related to programs offered in modules; and ● A requirement that institutions report student enrollment in distance education or correspondence courses. These changes are effective July 1, 2026, except for the reporting requirements related to distance education and correspondence courses, which take effect on July 1, 2027. We are still reviewing the final regulations and cannot predict the ultimate impact of the final regulations discussed above, but the final regulations do impose a broad range of additional requirements on institutions, which increases the possibility that our university partners could be subject to additional reporting requirements, potential 38 Table of Contents liabilities and sanctions, and potential loss of Title IV eligibility if our efforts, or the efforts of our university partners, to modify operations to comply with the new regulations are unsuccessful, which could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations. If ED does not recertify a university partner institution to continue participating in the Title IV programs, the students we assist would lose their access to Title IV program funds, or a university partner institution could be recertified but be required to accept significant limitations as a condition of its continued participation in the Title IV programs. ED certification to participate in the Title IV programs lasts a maximum of six years, and institutions are thus required to seek recertification from ED on a regular basis in order to continue their participation in the Title IV programs. An institution must also apply for recertification by ED if it undergoes a change in control, as defined by ED regulations, and may be subject to similar review if it expands its operations or educational programs in certain ways.  Certification can be granted on a full or provisional basis and, in instances where ED is reviewing an application for renewal but does not complete the review by the stated date of expiration, may be continued on a month-to-month basis until the review is complete. For a school that is certified on a provisional basis, ED may revoke the institution’s certification without advance notice or advance opportunity for the institution to challenge that action. For a school that is certified on a month-to-month basis, ED may allow the institution’s certification to expire at the end of any month without advance notice, and without any formal procedures for review of such action.  To our knowledge, such action is very rare and has only occurred upon a determination that an institution is in substantial violation of material Title IV requirements .  Our primary university partner, GCU, currently operates under a provisional program participation agreement that expires on June 30, 2026. There can be no assurance that ED will recertify any university partner institution or that it will not impose conditions or other restrictions on any university partner institution as a condition of approving any future recertification. If ED does not renew or withdraws certification to participate in the Title IV programs from any university partners, students at that institution would no longer be able to receive Title IV program funds. Alternatively, ED could renew a university partner institution’s certification, but restrict or delay students’ receipt of Title IV funds, limit the number of students to whom it can disburse such funds, or place other restrictions on the institution, or it could delay recertification after any university partners’ program participation agreement expires, in which case our university partner’s certification would continue on a month-to-month basis. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our university partners’ enrollments and us. A university partner institution could lose the ability to participate in the Title IV programs if it fails to maintain its institutional accreditation, and our university partners’ student enrollments could decline if a university partner institution fails to maintain any of its specialized accreditations or approvals. An institution must be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED in order to participate in the Title IV programs. Our primary university partner, GCU, has been regionally accredited by the HLC and its predecessor since 1968, most recently obtaining reaccreditation in 2017 for the ten-year period through 2027. Some of our other university partners are accredited by HLC while the others are accredited by different accrediting bodies that are likely to have standards that are different from those of the HLC. Accrediting bodies review the accredited status of institutions periodically (for example, the HLC reviews institutions every ten years, along with a mid-term report in year four). If any university partner institution fails to satisfy the relevant accrediting standards, it could lose accreditation, which would cause a revocation of its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs. This could cause a significant decline in student enrollments and could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, many university partner institutions will have educational programs that are also accredited by specialized accrediting commissions or approved by specialized state agencies. If our university partner institutions fail to satisfy the standards of any of those specialized accrediting commissions or state agencies, the institution could lose the specialized accreditation or approval for the affected programs, which could result in materially reduced student enrollments in those programs and have a material adverse effect on us. 39 Table of Contents A university partner institution may lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs if its student loan default rates are too high. An institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV programs if, for three consecutive years, 30% or more of its students who were required to begin repayment on their student loans in one year default on their payment by the end of the second full year after such repayment start date. In addition, an institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV programs if the default rate of its students exceeds 40% for any single year. While GCU’s cohort default rates, for example, have historically been significantly below these levels, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Increases in interest rates or declines in income or job losses for students could contribute to higher default rates on student loans. In addition, while we will conduct appropriate diligence on new university partner institutions, we cannot guarantee that all university partner institutions will have a cohort default rate as low as GCU. Having a university partner exceed the student loan default rate thresholds and losing eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Any future changes in the formula for calculating student loan default rates, economic conditions, or other factors that cause default rates to increase, could materially adversely affect us. If our university partner institutions do not meet specific financial responsibility standards established by ED, they may be required to post a letter of credit or accept other limitations in order to continue participating in the Title IV programs, or could lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs. To participate in the Title IV programs, an institution must either satisfy specific quantitative standards of financial responsibility prescribed by ED or post a letter of credit in favor of ED and possibly accept operating restrictions as well. These financial responsibility tests are applied to each institution on an annual basis based on the institution’s audited consolidated financial statements, and may be applied at other times, such as if the institution undergoes a change in control. These tests may also be applied to an institution’s parent company or other related entity. As a service provider, we are not directly subject to this regulation. However, if ED were to determine that a university partner institution did not meet the financial responsibility standards due to a failure to meet the composite score or other financial responsibility factors, ED could impose a range of sanctions on the institution, such as requiring the institution to post a letter of credit, accept provisional certification (which would hamper the ability of the institution to add new programs), comply with additional ED monitoring requirements, agree to receive Title IV program funds under an arrangement other than ED’s standard advance funding arrangement, such as the reimbursement system of payment or heightened cash monitoring, and to comply with or accept other limitations on the ability to increase the number of programs offered by our university partner institutions or the number of students they enroll, any of which sanctions could have an adverse impact on our business. For example , GCU, calculated its composite score with respect to its fiscal years ending June 30, 2025 and 2024.  As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, GCU’s composite score per GCU’s audited financial statements was 1.9 for both years, using the proprietary school calculation.  If GCU’s future composite scores do not exceed 1.5, ED could impose sanctions.  If any such sanctions were imposed on GCU or one of our other university partners, it could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. In addition, if its composite score dropped low enough, it could cause GCU to be ineligible for participation in NC-SARA, which would require GCU to become authorized in numerous states in which it operates or has students. In addition, there are a number of other financial responsibility standards with which institutions must comply, including those discussed above.  See “Recently published regulations could materially and adversely affect our business”.  The failure to comply with these standards could also result in the imposition of various sanctions, such as the imposition of letters of credit. If any such sanctions were imposed on GCU or one of our other university partners, it could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. If our university partner institutions do not comply with ED’s administrative capability standards, we could suffer harm. To continue participating in the Title IV programs, an institution must demonstrate to ED that the institution is capable of adequately administering the Title IV programs under specific standards prescribed by ED. These administrative capability criteria require, among other things, that the institution have an adequate number of qualified personnel to administer the Title IV programs, have adequate procedures for disbursing and safeguarding Title IV funds and for maintaining records, submit all required reports and consolidated financial statements in a timely manner, and not have significant problems that affect the institution’s ability to administer the Title IV programs. As a service provider, we assist our university partners with some facets of these areas. As such, we must be mindful of, and 40 Table of Contents compliant with, the administrative capability requirements. If our university partner institutions fail to satisfy any of these criteria, ED may assess financial penalties against such institutions, restrict the manner in which those institutions receive Title IV funds, require them to post a letter of credit, place them on provisional certification status, or limit or terminate participation in the Title IV programs, any of which could materially adversely affect us. These regulations were also recently revised, as discussed above, and there may be additional restrictions or requirements that may create additional hurdles to compliance or otherwise materially adversely affect us.  As a third-party servicer, if we are the cause of the administrative deficiency, we may also face monetary sanctions and actions to limit, suspend, or terminate our ability to offer those and other services to institutions of higher education. A finding by ED or other regulators that we or our university partner institutions misrepresented the nature of our partner institutions’ educational programs could materially and adversely affect our business. The HEA prohibits an institution that participates in Title IV programs from engaging in “substantial misrepresentation” of the nature of its educational program, its financial charges, or the employability of its graduates. Under these rules, a misrepresentation is any statement made by the institution or a third party that provides educational programs, marketing, advertising, recruiting, or admissions services to the institution that is false, erroneous or has the likelihood or tendency to deceive or confuse. A substantial misrepresentation is any misrepresentation on which the person to whom it was made could reasonably be expected to rely, or has reasonably relied, to that person’s detriment. The regulation also covers statements made by any representative of an institution, including agents, employees and subcontractors, and statements made directly or indirectly to any third party, including state agencies, government officials or the public, and not just to students or prospective students. Considering the breadth of the definition of “substantial misrepresentation,” it is possible that despite our efforts to prevent such misrepresentations, our employees or contractors may make statements on behalf of our university partner institutions that could be construed as substantial misrepresentations for which our current and any future university partners would be held responsible by ED. We and our employees and subcontractors, as agents of our university partners, must use a high degree of care to comply with such rules and are prohibited by contract from making any false, erroneous or misleading statements about our university partners. To avoid an issue under the misrepresentation rule and similar rules, we assure that all marketing materials are approved in advance by our university partners before they are used by our employees and we carefully monitor our employees and subcontractors in their conversations with students and prospective students. Despite our best efforts, we or our university partners may face complaints from our university partners’ students and prospective students over statements made by us and our agents throughout the conduct of our services that would expose our university partners, and derivatively us, to increased risk of enforcement action and applicable sanctions or other penalties and increased risk of private qui tam actions under the Federal False Claims Act. Also, if ED determines that an institution (including its contractors) has engaged in substantial misrepresentation, ED may revoke an institution’s program participation agreement, impose limitations on the institution’s participation in Title IV programs, deny applications from the institution for approval of new programs or locations or other matters, or initiate proceedings to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. If ED or another regulator determines that statements made by us or on our university partners’ behalf are in violation of the regulations, we could be subject to sanctions, legal actions, and other liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent we are performing return to Title IV calculations for our university partner institutions, we are subject to sanctions if we fail to correctly calculate and timely return Title IV program funds for students who withdraw before completing their educational program. A school participating in the Title IV programs must calculate the amount of unearned Title IV program funds that it has disbursed to students who withdraw from their educational programs before completing such programs and must return those unearned funds to the appropriate lender or ED in a timely manner, generally within 45 days of the date the school determines that the student has withdrawn. To the extent our services for a university partner include conducting returns to Title IV, as they do with our primary university partner, GCU, we would likely be jointly and severally liable to ED, along with the relevant university partner, for return of those funds. Further, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by ED, which could increase our cost of regulatory compliance and materially adversely affect us. Further, a failure to comply with these regulatory requirements could result in termination of our ability to continue providing these services to other university partner institutions, which would materially adversely affect us. 41 Table of Contents A reduction in funding or new restrictions on eligibility for the Federal Pell Grant Program, or the elimination of subsidized Stafford loans, could make college less affordable for certain students at our university partner institutions, which could negatively impact our university partner institutions’ enrollments, and thus our revenue and results of operations. The U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the HEA and annually determine the funding level for each Title IV program. In 2008, the HEA was reauthorized through September 30, 2013 by the Higher Education Opportunity Act. Changes to the HEA, including changes in eligibility and funding for Title IV programs, are likely to occur in subsequent reauthorizations, but we cannot predict the scope or substance of any such changes. Any action by Congress that significantly reduces Title IV program funding, whether through across-the-board funding reductions, sequestration or otherwise, or materially impacts the eligibility of our university partner institutions or students to participate in Title IV programs would have a material adverse effect on our university partner institutions’ enrollment, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Congressional action could also require us to modify our practices in ways that could increase our administrative costs and reduce our operating income, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We cannot offer new programs for our university partners or expand university partner operations into certain states if such actions are not timely approved by the applicable regulatory agencies, and our university partners may have to repay Title IV funds disbursed to students enrolled in any such programs, schools, or states if they do not obtain prior approval. Our expansion efforts include developing new educational programs for our university partners. If our university partner institutions are unable to obtain the necessary approvals for such new programs or operations, or if our university partner institutions are unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, our ability to consummate the planned actions and the ability of our university partner institutions to provide Title IV funds to any affected students would be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our expansion plans. If our university partner institutions do not maintain state authorization, they may not operate or participate in the Title IV programs. A school that grants degrees or certificates must be authorized by the relevant education agency of the state in which it is located. State authorization is also required for their students to be eligible to receive funding under the Title IV programs. To maintain their state authorization, our university partner institutions must continuously meet standards relating to, among other things, educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, marketing and recruitment, financial operations, addition of new locations and educational programs, and various operational and administrative procedures. If our university partner institutions fail to satisfy any of these standards, they could lose state authorization to offer educational programs, which would also cause them to lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs and have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, almost every state imposes regulatory requirements on educational institutions that have physical facilities located within the state’s boundaries. Individual state laws establish standards in areas such as educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, marketing and recruitment, financial operations, addition of new locations and educational programs, and various operational and administrative procedures, some of which are different than the standards prescribed by other regulators. Several states have sought to assert jurisdiction over educational institutions offering online degree programs that have no physical location in the state but that have some activity in the state, such as enrolling or offering educational services to students who reside in the state, employing faculty who reside in the state, or advertising to or recruiting prospective students in the state. State regulatory requirements for online education have historically varied among the states. To address this issue and to meet new ED requirements many schools have applied and have been approved to be approved institutional participants in SARA. SARA is an agreement among member states, districts and territories that establishes comparable national standards for interstate offering of post-secondary distance education courses and programs. It is intended to make it easier for students to take online courses offered by post-secondary institutions based in another state. SARA is overseen by a national council (NC-SARA) and administered by four regional education compacts. GCU, for example, is a member of SARA in Arizona (AZ-SARA), which is administered by the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (referred to as W-SARA). There is a yearly renewal for participating in NC-SARA and AZ-SARA and 42 Table of Contents institutions must agree to meet certain requirements to participate. As of December 31, 2025, all states other than California are members of SARA. Any state that does not participate in SARA may impose regulatory requirements on out-of-state post-secondary institutions operating within its boundaries, such as those having a physical facility or conducting certain academic activities within the state. GCU, for example, enrolls students in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Although it is currently licensed, authorized, in-process, or exempt in all non-SARA jurisdictions in which it operates, if GCU fails to comply with state licensing or authorization requirements for a non-SARA jurisdiction, or fails to obtain licenses or authorizations when required, it could lose its license or authorization by that jurisdiction or be subject to other sanctions, including restrictions on its activities in, and fines and penalties imposed by, that jurisdiction, as well as fines, penalties, and sanctions imposed by ED. The loss of licensure or authorization in any non-SARA jurisdiction by a university partner institution could prohibit us from recruiting prospective students or offering services to current students in that jurisdiction, which could significantly reduce our university partner’s enrollments. Laws, regulations, or interpretations related to doing business over the Internet could also increase our cost of doing business and affect our ability to recruit students in particular states, which could, in turn, negatively affect enrollments and revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business. ED initiated a negotiated rulemaking process addressing state authorization which could have implicated SARA but published a notice in December 2024 terminating that negotiated rulemaking process.  ED may revisit state authorization requirements through future rulemaking or other guidance, and any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, regulatory agencies may sometimes disagree with the way we have interpreted or applied these requirements. Any misinterpretation by us of these regulatory requirements or adverse changes in regulations or interpretations thereof by regulators could materially adversely affect us. If a university partner institution fails to comply with state licensing or authorization requirements for a state in which it operates, or fails to obtain licenses or authorizations when required, it could lose its state licensure or authorization by that state or be subject to other sanctions, including restrictions on its activities in, and fines and penalties imposed by, that state, as well as fines, penalties, and sanctions imposed by ED. The loss of licensure or authorization in a state other than a state in which a university partner institution is physically located could prohibit us from recruiting prospective students or assisting with offering educational services to current students in that state, which could significantly reduce enrollments. Furthermore, our university partners must typically maintain a composite score of at least 1.5 to maintain their membership in SARA.  Failure to maintain that score, and loss of eligibility for SARA, could result in the loss of the ability to offer online programs in various states unless the university partner is otherwise eligible to do so.  This could greatly affect our ability to market our university partners’ online programs. Government agencies, regulatory agencies, and third parties may conduct compliance reviews, bring claims, or initiate litigation against us or our university partners based on alleged violations of the extensive regulatory requirements applicable to us and our university partners. Because our university partner institutions operate in a highly regulated industry, they are subject to program reviews, audits, investigations, claims of non-compliance, and lawsuits by government agencies, regulatory agencies, students, employees, stockholders, and other third parties alleging non-compliance with applicable legal requirements, many of which are imprecise and subject to interpretation. Similarly, we could be subject to those same reviews. If the result of any such proceeding is unfavorable to our university partners, they may lose or have limitations imposed on their state licensing, accreditation, or Title IV program participation; be required to pay monetary damages (including triple damages in certain whistleblower suits); or be subject to fines, injunctions, or other penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on their business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Claims and lawsuits, and other regulatory actions, brought or taken against us or our university partners, even if they are without merit, may also result in adverse publicity, negatively affect the market price of our stock, adversely affect student enrollments, and reduce the willingness of third parties to do business with us. Even if we or our university partners adequately address the issues raised by any such proceeding and successfully defend against it, we may have to devote significant financial and management resources to address these issues, which could harm our business. See Part 1, Item 3 – Litigation for a discussion of certain litigation matters to which we are a party. 43 Table of Contents The regulatory guidance governing third-party servicers imposes a number of requirements on our business and may expose us to liability for certain regulatory violations that are coextensive with our university partner institutions. A “third-party servicer” is any person or entity used by “any eligible institution of higher education to administer, through either manual or automated processing, any aspect of such institution’s student assistance programs.”  Third party servicers must comply with a number of requirements. For example, they must conduct and submit to ED compliance audits under 34 C.F.R. § 668.23. In addition, they must comply with the requirements of 34 C.F.R. § 668.25, which requires third-party servicers, in their contracts with institutions, to be contractually obligated to, among other things: ● Comply with all statutory provisions of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, including the requirement to use any funds that the servicer administers under any Title IV program and any interest or other earnings thereon solely for the purposes specified in and in accordance with that program; ● Refer to the Office of Inspector General of ED for investigation any information indicating there is reasonable cause to believe that the institution might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with the institution’s administration of any Title IV program or an applicant for Title IV program assistance might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with his or her application; and ● Be jointly and severally liable with the institution to the Secretary for any violation by the servicer of any statutory provision of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, any regulatory provision prescribed under that statutory authority, and any applicable special arrangement, agreement, or limitation entered into under the authority of statutes applicable to Title IV of the HEA. ED has emphasized increased oversight of third-party servicers and has reiterated that institutions participating in Title IV programs remain responsible for the acts and omissions of their third-party service providers. As a result, ED audits, program reviews, investigations, and enforcement actions involving our university partners may also examine our activities, contractual arrangements, and compliance controls, which could require us to devote additional resources to compliance efforts or result in contractual, financial, or reputational impacts. ED has indicated that it may revisit the scope of third-party servicer requirements through future rulemaking or guidance, which could expand compliance obligations and increase our costs. We are also subject to a number of data security and privacy regulations given our role as a third-party servicer and these standards are evolving.  To the extent we continue to provide third party servicer functions, we will be subject to these requirements, the compliance with which can materially impact our business model. Proposed legislation, additional rulemaking or additional examinations from U.S. Congress may impact general public perception of the industry in a negative manner resulting in a material and adverse impact on our business. The Higher Education Act has not been comprehensively reauthorized since 2008, and Congress has periodically considered proposals to reauthorize and amend the statute.  Congressional hearings will continue to be scheduled by the U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Education and the Workforce and other Congressional committees regarding various aspects of the education industry, including accreditation matters, student debt, student recruiting, cost of tuition, distance learning, competency-based learning, student success and outcomes and other matters. Criticisms of the overall student lending and post-secondary education sectors may impact general public perceptions of educational institutions, including our university partner institutions and us, in a negative manner. Adverse media coverage regarding educational institutions – whether or not a university partner – or regarding third party servicers such as us could damage our reputation. The environment surrounding access to and the costs of student loans remains in a state of flux. The uncertainty surrounding these issues, and any resolution of these issues that increases loan costs or reduces students’ access to Title IV loans or to student extended payment plans, could reduce student demand for educational programs which would adversely impact our revenues and operating profit or result in increased regulatory scrutiny. The increased scrutiny and results-based accountability initiatives in the education sector, as well as ongoing policy differences in Congress regarding spending levels, could lead to significant changes in connection with the reauthorization of the HEA or otherwise.  These changes may place additional regulatory burdens on postsecondary 44 Table of Contents schools generally, and specific initiatives may be targeted at or have an impact upon companies like us that provide services to institutions of higher education.  The adoption of any laws or regulations that limit our ability to provide our bundled services to our university partners could compromise our ability to drive revenue through their programs or make our platform less attractive to them.  Congress could also enact laws or regulations that require us to modify our practices in ways that could increase our costs. Changing requirements related to data privacy may create increased costs and operational difficulties for university partner institutions and, potentially, for GCE. In December 2020, ED announced that it was finalizing a new Campus Cybersecurity Program framework. This proposed multi-year phased implementation would begin with a self-assessment of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800–171 Rev. 2, Controlled Unclassified Information in Nonfederal Systems (NIST 800–171 Rev. 2) readiness and outreach activities. ED specifically said it was “committed to fully advancing and encouraging all postsecondary institutions’ implementation of NIST 800-171 controls.”  This announcement was addressed both to institutions of higher education and their third-party servicers. In February 2023, ED issued Electronic Announcement GEN 23-09 stating, among other items “The Department will issue guidance on NIST 800-171 compliance in a future Electronic Announcement, but again encourages institutions to begin incorporating the information security controls required under NIST 800-171 into the written information security program required under GLBA as soon as possible.” While details related to this announcement are few, it does suggest that ED will be taking a greater role in ensuring universities and their service providers meet NIST standards and are protecting the students and ED data received.  Compliance with NIST will likely increase operational cost if required to come into compliance. Other General Risks Our success depends upon our ability and our university partners’ ability to recruit and retain key personnel. Our success to date has largely depended on, and will continue to depend on, the skills, efforts, and motivation of our executive officers, who generally have significant experience with our business and the education industry, and we may have difficulties in locating and hiring qualified personnel and in retaining such personnel once hired. In addition, other than non-compete agreements of limited duration that we have with certain executive officers, we have not historically sought non-compete agreements with key personnel and they may leave and subsequently compete against us. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, many of whom are not party to employment agreements with us, or our failure to attract and retain other qualified and experienced personnel on acceptable terms, could cause our business to suffer. In addition, our university partners heavily rely on their ability to attract and retain qualified faculty members to effectively educate their students.  If our university partners fail to retain sufficient numbers of qualified faculty members, fail to adequately train new faculty members, or allow relations with faculty members to deteriorate, they may be required to reduce the number or scope of classes available to students, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our business. A failure of our information systems to properly store, process and report relevant data may reduce our management’s effectiveness, interfere with our regulatory compliance and increase our operating expenses. We are dependent on the integrity of our data management systems. If these systems do not effectively collect, store and process relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunctions or constraints, software deficiencies, or human error, our ability to effectively report, plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations, including the HEA and the regulations thereunder, will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are required to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to 45 Table of Contents allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Form 10-K filing for that year, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This may require us to incur substantial additional professional fees and internal costs to further expand our accounting and finance functions and expend significant management efforts. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Occurrence of natural or man-made catastrophes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Natural events, health epidemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), acts of God, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence, cyber-terrorism or other catastrophes could result in significant worker absenteeism, increased student attrition rates for our university partners, lower asset utilization rates, voluntary or mandatory closure of facilities, our inability to meet dynamic employee health and safety requirements, our inability to meet contractual service levels, our inability to procure essential supplies, travel restrictions on our employees and other disruptions to our business.  In addition, these events could adversely affect the economy, financial markets and activity levels of our university partners.  Any of these events, their consequences or the costs related to mitigation or remediation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Owning our Common Stock Provisions in our charter documents and the Delaware General Corporation Law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and could discourage a takeover and adversely affect existing stockholders. Anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, and regulations of state and federal education agencies could diminish the opportunity for stockholders to participate in acquisition proposals at a price above the then-current market price of our common stock. For example, while we have no present plans to issue any preferred stock, our Board of Directors, without further stockholder approval, may issue shares of undesignated preferred stock and fix the powers, preferences, rights, and limitations of such class or series, which could adversely affect the voting power of your shares. In addition, our bylaws provide for an advance notice procedure for nomination of candidates to our Board of Directors that could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change in control. Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to provisions of the DGCL regarding “business combinations,” which can deter attempted takeovers in certain situations. The approval requirements of ED, our regional accrediting commission, and state post-secondary, licensure, and certification agencies for a change in control transaction could also delay, deter, or prevent a transaction that would result in a change in control. We may, in the future, consider adopting additional anti-takeover measures. The authority of our Board of Directors to issue undesignated preferred or other capital stock and the anti-takeover provisions of the DGCL, as well as other current and any future anti-takeover measures adopted by us, may, in certain circumstances, delay, deter, or prevent takeover attempts and other changes in control of the company not approved by our Board of Directors. If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or industry or if they downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. The activity within the trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us, our business and the education services sector in which we operate. If analysts cease coverage of us or our sector, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, if one or more of the analysts covering us were to downgrade their estimates or evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gains and you may never receive a return on your investment. You should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock to date. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business or to repurchase shares of our common stock. In addition, the terms of our prior credit facility limited, and the terms of any future debt agreements are likely to similarly limit, our ability to pay 46 Table of Contents dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Like all companies that utilize technology, we are subject to threats of breaches of our technology systems. To mitigate the threat to our business, we take a comprehensive approach to cybersecurity risk management. Our Board of Directors and our management actively oversee our risk management program, including the management of cybersecurity risks. We have established policies, standards, processes and practices for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats, including those discussed in

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components. We provide cybersecurity services, support and incident response for all infrastructure and software that we utilize. ● Support - We provide 18/7 technical support for students and faculty. There are two systems utilized by GCE to provide these services. Academic Services may include the following: ● Program and Curriculum – GCE has a curriculum content department that provides design and conversion services to our university partners. In collaboration with our university partners, we assist with the program and course design by providing curricular assistance and recommendations with respect to content and techniques that make use of the available technologies and methods embodied in the learning management system.  GCE developed a proprietary system to support these services. ● Faculty and Related Training and Development – GCE provides faculty support including recruitment, training and oversight services to its university partners. Under the direction of our university partners and their academic leadership, we recruit and screen candidates, and schedule faculty based on university partner-created requirements. We evaluate all faculty according to university partner standards and provide evaluation results, if requested.  Many of the health sciences specific faculty development resources are accredited by the International Association for Continuing Education and Training and the American Nurses Credentialing Center allowing faculty to earn continuing education credits. 6 Table of Contents ● Class Scheduling – GCE has a class scheduling department and has developed a proprietary system to provide these services to our university partners. Our scheduling software provides students the ability to set their class schedule and flexibility to make changes and create opportunities to complete courses in a myriad of online or onsite options. We optimize class size prior to course starts based on university partner standards, in order to maximize class resources and faculty utilization. ● Skills and Simulation Lab Sites – GCE secures, develops and finances off-campus classroom and laboratory sites for use in various programs offered by our university partners, including the accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN).  Off-campus classroom and laboratory sites are branded for specific university partners and all classrooms, faculty, counselors, staff and specialized equipment are centralized and made accessible to every university partner student.  The laboratories contain the latest in skills and simulation learning technology; including computer-based scenarios, hands-on work with physical simulators and internally developed Mixed Reality with state-of-the-art technology, which help students gain unique experiences in an alternative clinical setting. Counseling Services and Support We provide counseling services and support including one-on-one admissions, schedule and financial counseling and other support for prospective and current students of our university partners.  We offer financial aid processing as well. Counseling Services and Support may include the following: ● Admissions Services – GCE provides prospective students with transparent information on program requirements, finance options, degree time to completion and net price calculator results in alignment with university partners’ standards. GCE has developed a robust proprietary system to efficiently evaluate transcripts and build schedules for prospective students. GCE processes applications in alignment with university partners’ admission standards and provides reports on those students selected for admission. ● Financial Aid – GCE provides financial aid services, including awarding, certifying, originating and disbursing Title IV program funds to students. We deliver Title IV program credit balance refunds to students, process return of Title IV program funds to the federal government when appropriate and provide financial aid counseling and entrance and exit loan counseling to students.  Additionally, we prepare required reports, including but not limited to enrollment reporting to the National Student Loan Data system and the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System. Additionally, GCE has built a proprietary system called the Financial Transparent Degree Plan Calculator, which provides students the cost of their entire program. ● Counseling Services – GCE provides proactive services to our university partners’ students throughout their matriculation such as schedule building, and financial aid counseling. We provide students an assigned advisor who proactively works with students throughout their matriculation process. We assist students with program changes and communicate with those students throughout their program to help with retention. We provide students with the ability to access a variety of administrative services both telephonically and via the Internet. For example, students can apply for financial aid, pay their tuition, order their transcripts, and apply for graduation online. We believe this online accessibility provides the convenience and self-service capabilities that students value.  GCE assesses levels of satisfaction using student surveys. ● Field Experience Counseling – For university partner students pursuing programs that lead to external credentials (e.g., teaching, nursing, counseling, social work, theology, etc.), GCE leverages a growing nationwide network of approved healthcare facilities, schools, preceptors, and supervisors to ensure that all students are able to meet program-specific requirements.  Each student is assigned a counselor before or during their first course, and several prescribed appointments with their counselor are scheduled throughout the student’s program to ensure that all state-specific progression requirements are met well in advance of deadlines.  GCE assists in gathering all required documentation, verifying it as official, and storing it as part of the student’s record. 7 Table of Contents Marketing and Communication We provide comprehensive marketing and communication services that support student acquisition, engagement, and brand growth. These services include lead acquisition, lifecycle-based digital communication strategies, brand and creative development, media planning and optimization, video production, business intelligence, market research, and other promotional and communication services. GCE’s marketing leadership team approaches the marketplace with a data-driven, integrated marketing strategy that incorporates advanced analytics, AI, and emerging technologies, while leveraging GCE’s scale, institutional knowledge, and media buying power. This methodology combines proven traditional and digital solutions with continuously evolving technologies and privacy-conscious practices, developed in close collaboration with our university partners to support sustainable growth and long-term brand equity. Marketing and Communication services may include the following: ● Lead Acquisition – GCE’s marketing team employs specialists across a broad range of digital marketing channels, supported by advanced analytics and AI-enabled optimization tools. These channels include search engine optimization, paid search, social and programmatic media, organic content, and strategically designed acquisition funnels across desktop and mobile platforms.  Search engine optimization efforts increasingly incorporate optimization for emerging search and discovery experiences, including generative and answer-based search environments, by aligning structured content, authoritative signals, and user-intent–focused information with evolving search technologies. Campaigns are continuously optimized using performance data, audience modeling, and attribution insights to improve efficiency and lead quality. ● Digital Communications Strategy – GCE’s subject matter experts design and execute lifecycle-based communication strategies that support prospective students, active students, and alumni. These strategies leverage integrated marketing automation platforms, email, SMS text messaging, in-app and web personalization, and social media. AI-assisted segmentation, content testing, and timing optimization are used to enhance relevance, engagement, and responsiveness across the student lifecycle. ● Brand Identity and Creative Strategy – GCE’s creative and brand teams develop and steward strong, differentiated brands through data-informed storytelling and creative excellence. Capabilities include brand positioning, visual identity systems, campaign and content development, logo and tagline creation, custom music and sonic branding, and multi-channel creative execution. Insights from consumer research, performance analytics, and AI-assisted creative testing are used to refine messaging and improve brand effectiveness. ● Media Planning and Strategy – GCE provides full-service media planning, buying, and optimization across traditional and digital platforms. Media strategies are designed to efficiently reach and engage target audiences while adapting to changes in consumer behavior and media consumption. Advanced measurement frameworks, audience modeling, and AI-supported optimization are used to improve performance, manage spend, and drive measurable outcomes. ● Video and Content Production – GCE’s in-house video and content teams produce high-quality, scalable content across a wide variety of marketing channels. Capabilities include broadcast-quality commercials, explainer and instructional videos, short- and long-form documentaries, original programming, animation, motion graphics, and modular video content designed for social and digital platforms. Production is enhanced through standardized workflows, emerging production technologies, and preferred external partners to support scalability and efficiency. ● Business Intelligence, Analytics, and Data Science – GCE employs teams of analytics and data science professionals who apply descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics to support strategic and operational decision-making. Capabilities include performance measurement, forecasting, audience modeling, attribution, data visualization, and AI-assisted analysis. These insights support marketing optimization, enrollment strategies, and broader business initiatives in a privacy-aware and compliant manner. ● Market Research and Insights – GCE’s market research professionals analyze market, population, workforce, and employment data across geographic regions to inform decisions related to new sites, partnerships, program offerings, and marketing strategies. Research methodologies incorporate both traditional and advanced analytical techniques to provide data-driven recommendations that align educational offerings with market demand and workforce needs. 8 Table of Contents Back-Office Services In addition, we currently provide certain requested back-office services to GCU that include finance, human resources, audit, and other corporate functions. ● Finance and accounting - Finance and accounting services include administration of payroll, accounts payable, general ledger, student accounting, financial reporting, budgeting and taxes at the direction of GCU. ● Human Resources - Human resources services include administration of performance management, personnel policies, recruitment and onboarding of new personnel, and benefit plan design and procurement, among others. ● Audit - Audit services include development and administration of a GCU approved annual internal audit plan and execution of the audit plan for the service period. ● Procurement - Procurement services include management of purchasing and vendor relationships, including travel services, review of vendor contracts, and maintenance of contracts in the procurement system. Focus on Education and Human Capital Development Social responsibility and human capital development are a significant focus of the Company.  Our efforts are led by our Chief Executive Officer and a portion of his compensation is tied to our success in these areas.  To this end, our business was created and continues to evolve to meet the needs of the local community in which we operate as well as those outside our community.   We started by identifying what we believe to be the educational challenges that our country is facing and then worked to find solutions to these challenges.  We believe these challenges include: ● University education is too expensive; ● Students are taking on too much debt; ● Bachelor’s degrees are taking too long to complete; ● Programs are not targeted enough toward careers.  Recent surveys show that a large percentage of college students would change majors if starting over, and a significant number of recent graduates are under employed or are in jobs that don’t required degrees; ● As tuition increases, diversity decreases; ● Universities have inadequate counseling and support services, especially for distance learners; ● Most university professors have no formal training in teaching, learning or course design; ● Universities are under significant financial pressure, which has only been enhanced due to the pandemic and a declining number of high school graduates attending college. We provide the capital, technology and expertise to our university partners to lessen the challenges in each of the areas listed above (see Item 1. Business – Suite of Services ).  We work with these university partners to develop educational models that allow them the ability to decrease tuition or increase scholarships to their students which will often lower the debt their students incur.  We work with our university partners and thousands of high schools across the country on dual credit, online prerequisite courses and other programs that shorten the time to completion thereby lowering cost and debt levels.  We focus with our university partners and their local communities to develop programs where there are skills shortages such as healthcare, teacher education, science, technology, engineering and math.  GCE provides expanded academic counseling services and support to the students of our university partners which has proven to increase retention and completion.  Our faculty services and curriculum development teams assist not only our university partners but other universities and K12 schools in improving their online education pedagogy.   And our business model has helped our university partners as changes in the educational landscape has put pressure on their financial condition. GCE is committed to hiring policies and practices that identify the most qualified candidate for a given position.  We believe that we must have the best talent, including employees who possess a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and skills, in order to anticipate and meet the needs of our business and those of our university partners.  We provide employees with training, development, and educational resources that promote learning and lead to real career advancement opportunities. We believe that our success in attracting, retaining, and developing human capital is directly correlated to our ability to provide employees both an interesting and engaging work experience as well as opportunities for meaningful involvement in the surrounding community.  Our employees take advantage of these 9 Table of Contents opportunities and share our commitment to and enthusiasm for community service projects, as well as charitable organizations throughout the Phoenix area. Through these activities, our employees have the opportunity to volunteer and provide servant leadership that benefits the surrounding neighborhoods and West Phoenix community. Employee Learning and Development (ELD) Services – We provide learning and development support to our employees through numerous ELD initiatives.  Onboarding Programs provide new employees a foundation from which one can progress in his or her career at GCE. Leadership Development, Team Development, Advanced Skills, and Self-Development Programs help employees improve their skills, assist management in identifying potential talent for leadership roles, and support those employees already in leadership roles.  Finally, our Compliance Curriculum ensures that employee stays current with regulatory and other compliance requirements. These programs and curricula are offered virtually as both synchronous and self-paced. Employee Tuition Benefit – GCE promotes the concept of lifelong learning and supports this concept by offering its employees a generous Tuition Benefit program through its university partner, GCU.  After 3 months of continuous service, fulltime employees admitted to GCU receive a 100% tuition reduction on undergraduate and graduate programs. Additionally, the tuition benefit is available for an eligible employee’s spouse or up to two children with no more than two participants receiving the benefits at any one time.  An eligible employee’s spouse or child admitted to GCU receives a 100% tuition reduction on undergraduate programs and a 50% tuition reduction on graduate programs. Monitoring employee engagement and satisfaction – GCE periodically administers a survey of all of its employees to assess employee engagement and satisfaction.  GCE received responses from 1,330 employees on the 2024 survey.  The survey asked a number of questions regarding employee engagement and satisfaction including whether they are actively engaged with their work, whether they have a sense of pride in what they do and whether they enjoy the type of work assigned to them.  The responses to each question were overwhelmingly positive.  To the prompt, “I plan to continue my career at GCE for at least two more years”; “I would recommend employment at GCE to a friend”; “I am actively engaged with my work at GCE”; and “Overall I am satisfied with GCE as an employer,” less than 12% of the responders disagreed with any of these statements. This survey also inquired about the importance of Environmental, Social and Governance topics that employees felt are important to GCE’s business performance and financial success both internal and external impacts.  Highlights from the survey by employees and the percentage of the responders that selected that topic were Employee Health and Wellbeing (59%), Professional Integrity (47%), Human Capital Management (41%), Community Engagement (36%) and Workforce Diversity and Engagement (20%).  92% of those that responded to the survey confirmed GCE enables a culture of diversity. Whistleblower hotline – GCE has a whistleblower hotline available to both internal and external parties.  The whistleblower policy is disclosed on the GCE intranet for employees and disclosed on the GCE investor relations website for external parties.  Hotline activity is managed by a third party and all claims are reviewed and monitored by the Chief Risk Officer and General Counsel.  All claims are discussed at the quarterly Audit Committee meetings. Community Involvement by GCE and its Employees. Examples of activities in which we and our employees participate include: ● Improving Our Neighborhood and Increased Home Values - Together with Habitat for Humanity and in concert with our largest university partner, we are participating in the largest home renovation project in the country in the West Phoenix area surrounding GCU’s campus. As of December 31, 2025, 1,535 projects have been completed in which 39,155 hours have been logged by volunteers. These efforts, combined with GCE and GCU’s expanded presence in the community, have contributed to a significant increase in home values since 2011 in the 85017 zip code. ● Furthering Job Creation - We, along with GCU have launched a number of new business enterprises that have reduced costs, provided management opportunities for recent graduates and employment opportunities for students and neighborhood residents, while spurring economic growth in the area. 10 Table of Contents ​ ​ GCE also invests in the following activities that benefit the community. ● Funding of Student Tuition Organizations - GCE contributes to private school tuition organizations, which are entities that allocate financial contributions toward tuition assistance and scholarships for disadvantaged students to attend Arizona private schools.  In 2025 and 2024, we contributed $5.0 million and $4.5 million, respectively, to these organizations. ● Encouraging Employee Giving - We participate in Donate to Elevate, a program that encourages employees to participate in the Arizona individual tax credit program, which allows individual taxpayers to contribute money in lieu of state income tax payments to benefit private schools and other non-profit entities in Arizona, as well as local public schools and public charter schools. Employees are encouraged to designate tax dollars to the school or program of their choice. ● Sponsoring K-12 Educational Development - GCE supports GCU’s K-12 Educational Development Department through sponsorship of GCU’s Canyon Professional Development and K-12 Targeted School Assistance programs. Canyon Professional Development offers professional development opportunities for educators and administrators, and their student/parent engagement programs aim to help students become college ready. K-12 Targeted School Assistance programs also offer tutoring and mentorship and more to community schools to improve learning environments and outcomes. Both initiatives elevate public, private, charter and home schools in the form of scholarships, program discounts, professional development, events, and more. ● Continuing Community Involvement - GCE and our employees partner in countless other community events and projects throughout the year.  We offer our full-time employees a maximum of 16 hours of PTO annually for community service. This time is used to volunteer at an approved charitable organization. Over 40 organizations are approved for employee volunteerism, including Habitat for Humanity. In addition, GCE has historically partnered in countless community events and projects throughout the year, helping organizations such as the Phoenix Rescue Mission, Feed My Starving Children, Arizona Foster Care, Boy/Girl Scouts, Goodwill Arizona, St. Vincent de Paul, Young Life, Elevate Phoenix, Back to School Clothing Drive and St. Mary’s Food Bank. Our employees also went out into our surrounding neighborhoods to participate in programs such as Serve the City, Canyon Kids, Salute Our Troops, Colter Commons senior home visits and the Run to Fight Children’s Cancer. Our Commitment to Diversity. A growing body of evidence suggests that diverse teams improve financial outcomes and support innovation, resiliency, and productivity.  GCE’s commitment to fostering diversity in its community is evident in the following: ● Our Diversity Statement - Grand Canyon Education is a faith-friendly shared services provider that embraces a worldview which outlines a responsibility to both charity and stewardship which simply stated is, ‘to love others as yourself’. We are a community of people who value the pursuit of truth and find great understanding in the convergence of differing viewpoints, backgrounds and ideas.  We welcome employees from all walks of life which has contributed to a growing diversity within our population.  Our diversity encompasses a multitude of dimensions, including age, disability, national origin, race, color, religion, gender, veteran status and more.  Our Christian perspective compels us to treat every individual equally with respect and compassion.  All community members deserve a comfortable space to express their feelings, so that every voice is heard. All members of the Company will be welcomed, valued, and provided safety in this community.  Finally, diversity not only enriches the workplace and the educational endeavors of our partners it is critical to it.  Maintaining a diverse environment requires a measure of tolerance and understanding commensurate with the dignity and value of all human life.  In sum, GCE values diversity because it values every employee and university partners’ students entrusted to its care. ● Our Hiring Practices and Policies - Our hiring policies and practices include an Equal Employment Opportunity Policy, Nondiscrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy and Complaint Procedure, and the Disability Accommodation Policy. We post all open positions to a variety of job boards to ensure we attract diverse candidates.  We also collect and analyze employee demographic data to identify current trends. 11 Table of Contents ● Training - We provide employees and management with regular training.  New hires all complete anti-discrimination and harassment training within 3 months of starting at GCE.  Thereafter, all employees complete the training every other year, while management undertakes it annually. Environmental Awareness Online education is inherently more environmentally friendly than traditional campus education with a reduction in greenhouse gas (“GHG”) production caused by traveling to and from a brick-and-mortar campus.  It also increases student capacity while eliminating the need for construction of a physical campus.  A majority of our university partners’ students are enrolled in hybrid or online educational models.  In addition, a significant number of our university partners’ students utilize an ebook format versus paper textbooks, which is more environmentally friendly in that it saves paper and other materials and there is no shipment required. GCE owns a four-story 325,000 square foot administrative building, which includes office space for approximately 2,700 employees, and a parking garage at our headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona.  We constructed these facilities in 2016 and, as with every one of our projects over the past 16 years, we designed them to maximize energy efficiency and minimize electricity usage and environmental impact, which ultimately lowers our operating costs.  Our headquarters building includes the following design features: ● North/South Building Orientation - GCE’s office building is orientated with north/south exposure in order to minimize direct sun and thereby reduce power usage.  Exterior courtyards were arranged to ensure summer shade thus creating outdoor areas that can be used by our employees throughout the year. ● Use of Window Glazing - Our building utilizes significant window glazing to allow for daylighting thus reducing the need for supplemental electrical lighting.  As a result, the building is designed to use just .41 watts per square foot of electrical energy for lighting, which is half of what a typical environmentally efficient building uses. ● Reducing Water Consumption - Water usage is another environmental factor for office space that is magnified by the Arizona weather.  GCE’s office building utilizes numerous water conservation methods including push-tap faucets, waterless urinals, and a rooftop rainwater collection system for irrigating the landscaping below, which significantly reduces our water consumption. ● Other Design Features - Additional environment-friendly design features include low VOC paints, use of recycled building materials, interior and exterior LED light bulbs, motion sensor lighting and implementation of an energy-efficient VRF mechanical system. In addition to our efficient facilities, we have undertaken other measures to minimize our environmental impact, including, among others: ● implementing a Trip Reduction Program, which provides incentives to employees who participate in carpooling or take public transportation to work; ● providing a telecommute option for a significant number of positions; and ● participating in a recycling program aimed at minimizing the volume of waste products generated by GCE. Due to our significant investment in infrastructure, since March 2020, when the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 a global pandemic, a significant portion of our diverse workforce is continuing to work remotely.  This has not only increased employee satisfaction but has also resulted in savings in the areas of waste, janitorial costs, and travel costs related to business travel and commuting. Our off-campus classroom and laboratory sites are all designed with the same efficient footprint in the 47 sites opened as of December 31, 2025. Climate Disclosures We do not operate in a high-risk industry for climate risks.  We believe that we have low climate risk with respect to our physical environment (e.g., fires, drought, hailstorms, increasing weather pattern changes).  A significant percentage of our workforce is continuing to work remotely.  We have insurance policies in place to cover any damage for our property, plant and equipment.  Our Audit Committee is tasked with oversight of climate-related risks for the Company. 12 Table of Contents We are evaluating emissions reduction requirements with key suppliers for costs such as information security systems, communication and marketing costs, travel costs, and continued expansion of our off-campus classroom and laboratory sites.  We currently do not have any regulatory emissions reporting obligations. We do not have significant risk from a transition to a low-carbon economy, which could result in changing customer behavior.  Our customers are university partners located in the United States. Corporate Governance We believe that effective corporate governance is critical to our ability to create long term value for our stockholders.  The following highlights certain key aspects of our corporate governance framework: ● We Have an Independent Board - Five of our six directors are independent. ● We Have Majority Voting for Directors - We have adopted majority voting for directors pursuant to which nominees who fail to achieve an affirmative majority of votes cast must submit their resignation. ● We Hold Annual Elections for Directors - We do not have a staggered board. ● We Assess Board Performance - We conduct regular evaluations of our Board of Directors and Committees. ● Our Independent Directors Meet Without Management - Our independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions without management present. ● We Have a Stock Ownership Policy - We require both our named executive officers and our directors to maintain a meaningful ownership stake at levels specified in our stock ownership policy. ● Our Key Committees are Independent - We have fully independent Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. ● We Do Not Have a “Poison Pill” - We do not maintain a stockholder rights plan. Seasonality Our service revenue normally fluctuates due to changes in our university partners’ enrollment which tends to be higher in the Spring and Fall periods and lower in the Summer.  Our expenses do not normally fluctuate significantly during the year which results in fluctuations in operating income between quarters. See “Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Seasonality .” Competition There are dozens of companies that seek to partner with non-profit schools and state universities to assist in the development and operation of their educational programs. These companies provide various services that traditional institutions historically have not had the experience or organizational capability to fully support. These services include marketing and recruitment, enrollment management, curriculum development, online course design, student retention support, technology infrastructure, and student and faculty call center support. The largest companies in this sector have historically been Pearson Online Learning Services, Academic Partnerships and 2U, Inc. The education services market, particularly with regard to those companies that help traditional universities develop new degree programs often delivered online, has historically been characterized by a full-service, revenue-sharing model, based on the premise that most traditional institutions are not only operationally unprepared to offer these programs at scale but also are not equipped to make the significant upfront investments necessary to develop these programs organically. In recent years, an alternative unbundled fee-for-service model has emerged, in which the companies offer the same services, or some subset of services, for the market price of those services. Finally, other industry providers affiliate with university partners to offer massive open online courses, which are aimed at unlimited participation and open access via the web at little or no cost to the student. The education services market is changing and expanding. It is highly fragmented and subject to evolving technology, shifting needs of students and educators and introductions of new delivery modalities. We believe that the competitive factors in the education services market include: ● reputation and brand awareness; ● quality of university partner base and performance track record; ● the effectiveness of marketing and sales efforts; ● robustness and evolution of technology solutions; 13 Table of Contents ● breadth and depth of services offerings; ● convenient, flexible and dependable access to programs and classes; ● level of student support services; ● quality of student and faculty experience; ● cost of programs; and ● the time necessary to earn a degree. Proprietary Rights We have developed and own, or are licensed to use, intellectual property that is or will be the subject of copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret, or other protections. This intellectual property includes but is not limited to technology, courseware materials and business know-how and internal processes and procedures developed to respond to the requirements of operating a post-secondary educational institution with a significant online campus and to comply with the rules and regulations of various education regulatory agencies. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, domain names, and agreements to protect our intellectual property. We protect our intellectual property by signing agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants, companies, and any other third party that creates intellectual property for us that assign any intellectual property rights to us. In addition, we seek to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information through the use of confidentiality agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business. While our intellectual property rights are important to us, we do not believe that the loss of any individual property right or group of related rights would have a material adverse effect on our overall business. Available Information We were incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2008 and completed our initial public offering in November 2008. Our principal executive offices are located at 2600 West Camelback Road, Phoenix, Arizona 85017, our telephone number is (602) 247-4400 and our Internet address is www.gce.com. We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). In addition, our earnings conference calls are web cast live via our website. In addition to visiting our website, you may obtain any document we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing and our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 14 Table of Contents REGULATION OF OUR EDUCATION SERVICES BUSINESS Prior to July 1, 2018, GCE, owned and operated GCU.  On July 1, 2018, GCE sold GCU to an independent, Arizona non-profit corporation (the “Transaction”).  As a result of the Transaction, we no longer own and operate an institution of higher education, nor do we directly participate in Title IV programs regulated and overseen by ED under the Higher Education Act (“HEA”).  Instead, we operate as an education service company to institutions of higher education that do participate in Title IV programs.  Nevertheless, we are required to comply with certain regulations promulgated by ED for the following reasons: ● Our operations are subject to regulation by ED due to our university partners’ participation in the federal student financial aid programs under Title IV of the HEA. Those Title IV programs include educational loans with below-market interest rates that are issued by the federal government under the Federal Direct Loan program (the “FDL Program”), as well as grant programs for students with demonstrated financial need. To participate in the Title IV programs, a school must receive and maintain authorization by the appropriate state agency or agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED, and be certified as an eligible institution by ED. ● As a third-party servicer under the HEA and the related regulations, we also have a direct relationship with ED. ED regulates our operations insofar as we are performing certain functions classified as third-party servicer functions under relevant regulations and sub-regulatory guidance. A “third-party servicer” is any person or entity used by “any eligible institution of higher education to administer, through either manual or automated processing, any aspect of such institution’s student assistance programs.”  Third-party servicers must comply with a number of regulatory requirements.  For example, they must conduct and submit to ED compliance audits under 34 C.F.R. § 668.23 .  In addition, they must comply with the requirements of 34 C.F.R. § 668.25 , which among other things, requires third-party servicers, in their contracts with institutions, to be contractually obligated to, among other things: o Comply with all statutory provisions of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, including the requirement to use any funds that the servicer administers under any Title IV program and any interest or other earnings thereon solely for the purposes specified in and in accordance with that program; o Refer to the Office of Inspector General of ED for investigation any information indicating there is reasonable cause to believe that the institution might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with the institution’s administration of any Title IV program or an applicant for Title IV program assistance might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with his or her application; and o Be jointly and severally liable with the institution to the Secretary for any violation by the servicer of any statutory provision of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, any regulatory provision prescribed under that statutory authority, and any applicable special arrangement, agreement, or limitation entered into under the authority of statutes applicable to Title IV of the HEA. ED has also indicated that it may continue to evaluate the scope of activities treated as third-party servicer functions through future rulemaking or guidance, and additional changes to the definition of, or requirements applicable to, third-party servicers remain possible. We are also subject to a number of data security and privacy regulations given our role as a third-party service provider, the compliance with which can materially impact our business model, including through future guidance, enforcement activity, or regulatory action applicable to institutions and their third-party service providers.  In addition, as more fully described below, we are subject to some of the regulations imposed on our university partners by virtue of the nature of the services we provide. The HEA and the regulations promulgated thereunder are frequently revised, repealed or expanded and the scope of services covered by regulations may evolve and change over time. Congress historically has reauthorized and amended the HEA in regular intervals, approximately every five to seven years. Congress periodically considers reauthorization of the HEA, although the timing and scope of any such reauthorization remain uncertain. The re-authorization of the HEA could alter the regulatory landscape of the higher education industry, and thereby impact the 15 Table of Contents manner in which we conduct business and serve our university partners. In addition, ED is independently conducting an ongoing series of rulemakings intended to assure the integrity of the Title IV programs. ED also frequently issues formal and informal guidance instructing institutions of higher education and other covered entities how to comply with various federal laws and regulations. For example, in February 2023, ED released DCL 23-03, a guidance document expanding the definition of what activities are considered as third-party servicer activities.  After substantial community outreach to ED, and a number of notices that the guidance would be delayed, on November 14, 2024, ED formally rescinded DCL 23-03.  Previously issued guidance on this topic (Dear Colleague Letters GEN 12-08, GEN 15-01, GEN 16-15 (as modified by the March 8, 2017 electronic announcement), and GEN-23-08) remains in effect. Regarding data security matters, in Electronic Announcement GEN 23-09, ED stated that “[t]he Department will issue guidance on NIST 800-171 compliance in a future Electronic Announcement.”  While it does not appear ED has addressed this issue in 2024 through rulemaking or otherwise, we believe data security is an area of importance and, like all ED guidance, is subject to change and may impact our business model. We are also regulated (depending upon the applicable activity being regulated) by other federal agencies or departments including the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), and the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). REGULATION OF OUR UNIVERSITY PARTNERS Institutions of higher education in America are subject to extensive regulation by state post-secondary, licensure and certification agencies, accrediting commissions, and the federal government through ED under the HEA, as well as (depending upon the applicable activity being regulated) other federal agencies and departments including the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, the FTC, the IRS, and for institutions who issue bonds, the SEC. The regulations, standards, and policies of these agencies cover the vast majority of operations of colleges and universities, including educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financing and financial operations, athletics and financial condition. Our current university partners and all likely future university partners are required to be authorized by appropriate state post-secondary, licensure, and certification authorities.  In addition, in order to participate in the federal student financial aid programs, our university partners will need to be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED.  Accreditation is a private, non-governmental process for evaluating the quality of educational institutions and their programs in areas including student performance, governance, integrity, educational quality, faculty, physical resources, administrative capability and resources, and financial stability.  The HEA requires accrediting commissions recognized by ED to review and monitor many aspects of an institution’s operations and to take appropriate action if the institution fails to meet the accrediting commission’s standards. Although we no longer own and operate an institution of higher education, nor do we directly participate in Title IV programs, regulatory matters that materially affect GCU and our other university partners will, necessarily, have a material impact on us.  The following section describes regulatory matters that affect our university partners and that may affect us as an education services provider to institutions of higher education generally. State Post-Secondary Education Regulation Our university partners are authorized to offer education by the relevant state authorizing agencies for the state in which such university partner is located. For example, GCU, our most significant university partner, is authorized to offer programs by the Arizona State Board for Private Postsecondary Education, the regulatory agency governing private post-secondary educational institutions in the State of Arizona, where it is located. State authorization is very important to our university partners and, as a result, to our business. To maintain their state authorization, our university partners must continuously meet standards relating to, among other things, educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, marketing and recruitment, financial operations, addition of new locations and educational programs, and various operational and administrative procedures. Our university partners’ failure to comply with the requirements of a state regulatory agency could result in our university partners’ losing their ability to offer educational programs, which would cause our university partners to lose their eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs and could force them, and us, to cease operations. Alternatively, a state regulatory body could restrict our university partners’ ability to offer new or certain degree and non-degree programs, which may impair our ability to grow. State regulatory requirements for online education have historically varied among the states.  To address this issue and to meet ED requirements many schools have applied and been approved to be institutional participants in the 16 Table of Contents State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (“SARA”). SARA is an agreement among member states, districts and territories that establishes comparable national standards for interstate offering of post-secondary distance education courses and programs. It is intended to make it easier for students to take online courses offered by post-secondary institutions based in another state. SARA is overseen by a national council (NC-SARA) and administered by four regional education compacts. GCU, for example, is a member of SARA in Arizona (AZ-SARA), which is administered by the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (referred to as W-SARA). There is a yearly renewal for participating in NC-SARA and AZ-SARA and institutions must agree to meet certain requirements to participate. As of December 31, 2025, all states other than California are members of SARA. Any state that does not participate in SARA may impose regulatory requirements on out-of-state post-secondary institutions operating within its boundaries, such as those having a physical facility or conducting certain academic activities within the state. GCU, for example, enrolls students in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Although it is currently licensed, authorized, in-process, or exempt in all non-SARA jurisdictions in which it operates, if GCU fails to comply with state licensing or authorization requirements for a non-SARA jurisdiction, or fails to obtain licenses or authorizations when required, it could lose its license or authorization by that jurisdiction or be subject to other sanctions, including restrictions on its activities in, and fines and penalties imposed by, that jurisdiction, as well as fines, penalties, and sanctions imposed by ED. The loss of licensure or authorization in any non-SARA jurisdiction by a university partner institution could prohibit us from recruiting prospective students or offering services to current students in that jurisdiction, which could significantly reduce such university partner’s enrollments. Individual state laws establish standards in areas such as instruction, qualifications of faculty, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financial operations, and other operational matters. To the extent required with respect to an educational service category covered by our contractual relationship, we expect to assist our university partners in meeting these requirements. Some states limit schools’ ability to offer educational programs and award degrees to residents of those states. Some states also prescribe financial regulations that are different from those of ED and may require the posting of surety bonds. While we are not directly subject to those laws, those laws may inhibit our university partners from expanding or operating in those states, limiting our ability to serve our university partners, which could significantly affect our business. In addition, state laws can indirectly regulate how we provide its services to its university partners.  For example, some states have considered new requirements that would dictate what information we must convey to students and prospective students and impose reporting requirements related to the nature of our services.  To the extent such requirements were ultimately enacted into law, they could significantly affect our business. State Professional Licensure Many states have specific requirements that an individual must satisfy in order to be licensed as a professional in specified fields, including fields such as healthcare, education, and counseling. These requirements vary by state and by field. A student’s success in obtaining licensure following graduation typically depends on several factors, including the background and qualifications of the individual graduate, as well as the following factors, among others: ● whether the institution and the program were approved by the state in which the graduate seeks licensure, or by a professional association; ● whether the program from which the student graduated meets all requirements for professional licensure in that state; ● whether the institution and the program are accredited and, if so, by what accrediting commissions; and ● whether the institution’s degrees are recognized by other states in which a student may seek to work. Many states also require that graduates pass a state test or examination as a prerequisite to becoming certified in certain fields, such as nursing and teaching. Many states will certify individuals if they have already been certified in another state. Prior to opening a new off-campus classroom and laboratory site, university partners often require approval from the applicable state board to offer its programs at that location.  This can delay the site opening and timing can vary based on the state and the university partner. Although not directly regulated by these entities, we must be mindful of the requirements placed by state professional licensure bodies on our university partner institutions to ensure those institutions maintain that licensure. 17 Table of Contents Accreditation Accreditation is a private, non-governmental process for evaluating the quality of educational institutions and their programs in areas including student performance, governance, integrity, educational quality, faculty, physical resources, administrative capability and resources, and financial stability. To be recognized by ED, accrediting commissions must adopt specific standards for their review of educational institutions, conduct peer-review evaluations of institutions, and publicly designate those institutions that meet their criteria. An accredited school is subject to periodic review by its accrediting commissions to determine whether it continues to meet the performance, integrity and quality required for accreditation. In recent years, ED has indicated an increased focus on accreditor accountability and oversight, which could result in changes to accrediting standards, review practices, or recognition requirements applicable to our university partners. Our most significant university partner, GCU has been regionally accredited by the HLC and its predecessor since 1968, most recently obtaining reaccreditation in 2017 for the ten-year period through 2027. The HLC is an accrediting agency recognized by the Secretary of Education and accredits entire institutions of higher education. The HLC has historically been categorized as a regional accreditor.  Institutional accreditation by a recognized accreditation agency is one of the prerequisites for an institution of higher education to be eligible to disburse Title IV aid to students. In addition, GCU holds a number of programmatic accreditations related to the conduct of specific programs of the university. Other colleges and universities depend, in part, on an institution’s accreditation (institutional, and, in some cases, programmatic) in evaluating transfers of credit and applications to graduate schools. Employers rely on the accredited status of institutions when evaluating candidates’ credentials, and students and corporate and government sponsors under tuition reimbursement programs look to accreditation for assurance that an institution maintains quality educational standards. University partners other than GCU may be accredited by different accrediting bodies that are likely to have standards that are different from those of the HLC. Moreover, our other university partners hold various programmatic accreditations that set additional requirements related to specific programs, including for their nursing programs. As we work with university partners in different regions we will need to work with those accrediting bodies and tailor our services to meet the requirements of those accreditors. Regulation of Federal Student Financial Aid Programs To be eligible to participate in the Title IV programs, an institution must comply with specific requirements contained in the HEA and the regulations issued thereunder by ED. An institution must, among other things, be licensed or authorized to offer its educational programs by the state in which it is physically located and maintain institutional accreditation by an accrediting commission recognized by ED. The substantial amount of federal funds disbursed to schools through the Title IV programs and the large number of students and institutions participating in these programs have caused Congress to require ED to exercise considerable regulatory oversight over educational institutions. As a result, our university partners are subject to extensive oversight and review. Because ED periodically revises its regulations and changes its interpretations of existing laws and regulations, we cannot predict with certainty how the Title IV program requirements will be applied in all circumstances to our university partners or to us directly. Additionally, ED’s final regulations addressing, among other things, financial responsibility, administrative capability, certification procedures, and Ability-to-Benefit became effective on July 1, 2024. These regulations expand the circumstances under which ED may require financial protection, impose additional and more prescriptive administrative capability standards, and provide ED with broader authority to impose conditions during initial or continuing certification. These changes increase compliance obligations for institutions participating in Title IV programs and may affect our business to the extent that we support functions implicated by these enhanced regulatory expectations. Significant regulations and other factors relating to the Title IV programs that could adversely affect us include the following: Congressional action . Congress must reauthorize the HEA on a periodic basis, usually every five to six years, and the most recent reauthorization through September 30, 2013, occurred in August 2008. The reauthorized HEA 18 Table of Contents reauthorized all of the Title IV programs in which institutions participate but made numerous revisions to the requirements governing the Title IV programs, including provisions relating to student loan default rates and the formula for determining the maximum amount of revenue that institutions are permitted to derive from the Title IV programs. In addition, members of Congress periodically introduce legislation that would impact Title IV programs and the higher education industry generally. Because a significant percentage of our revenue is indirectly derived from the Title IV programs, any action by Congress that significantly reduces Title IV program funding or the ability of our university partners to participate in the Title IV programs could reduce the ability of some students to finance their education at our university partner institutions and materially decrease their student enrollment. One Big Beautiful Bill Act On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), which includes, among other things, amendments to portions of the Higher Education Act of 1965. Various portions of the bill have already gone through negotiated rulemaking (discussed later), and it is impossible to predict the outcome of those negotiations or the rulemaking process. OBBBA makes a variety of changes to federal student aid programs, including loan limits, accountability measures for programs based on low earning outcomes, loan repayment, Pell Grant eligibility, and regulatory changes. OBBBA sets, effective July 2026, new annual and aggregate loan limits for graduate and professional students, with some limited grandfathering for current graduate and professional student borrowers. For graduate students who are not and have not been professional students, the new aggregate graduate loan limit is $100,000, irrespective of any undergraduate borrowing. With respect to graduate students who are or have been professional students, the aggregate graduate loan limit is $200,000 minus the amounts borrowed for the professional degree program. OBBBA also created a lifetime maximum aggregate amount for Title IV loans that a student may borrow of $257,500 (other than a loan made to the student as a parent borrower on behalf of a dependent student). OBBBA provides institutions the opportunity to limit the amount of loans a student may borrow in an academic year as long as any such limit is applied consistently to all students enrolled in such program of study. Additionally, OBBBA requires that the amount of loan funds available under a student’s annual loan eligibility must be reduced in direct proportion to the degree to which that student is not enrolled on a full-time basis during an academic year; ED plans to release a schedule of reductions for public comment later this year, which institutions will be required to use for students who enrolled less than full-time for academic years 2026-27 and beyond. OBBBA creates the “Do No Harm” accountability framework, effective July 2026, that institutions must satisfy at the program level in order for students to continue to receive Federal Direct Loans for such programs. OBBBA requires that an undergraduate program become ineligible for Federal Direct Loans if, in two out of three consecutive years, the median earnings of a cohort of program completers are less than the median earnings of working adults aged 25-34 with only a high school diploma, either in the state where the institution is located or, if fewer than 50% of students at the institution reside in the institution’s state, the national average. OBBBA requires that a graduate or professional program become ineligible for Federal Direct Loans if, in two out of three consecutive years, the median earnings of a cohort of program completers are less than the median earnings of working adults aged 25–34 with only a bachelor’s degree. Comparator median earnings for graduate or professional programs will be calculated based on Bureau of the Census data for working adults aged 25-34 with only a bachelor’s degree, and will be the lesser of: (i) working adults in the same field of study in the state where the institution is located, (ii) working adults in the same field of study in the United States, or (iii) all working adults in the state where the institution is located. If fewer than 50% of students at the institution reside in the institution’s state, then the median earnings will be calculated based on the lesser of the national average for (i) all working adults or (ii) working adults in the same field of study. Both the undergraduate and graduate/professional accountability provisions apply to the cohort of students who completed the program four years prior, are working, are not enrolled at any institution, and who received Federal Direct Loan funds for enrollment in the program. If a cohort is less than 30 students, the Secretary of Education may aggregate additional years of programmatic data. If a program fails the earnings test for one year, institutions must notify students that the program is at risk of losing Federal Direct Loan eligibility. OBBBA requires that an institutional appeals process be established by the Secretary of Education, and a program’s Federal Direct Loan eligibility will continue during such appeal. Programs that lose eligibility under the accountability framework may reapply for eligibility after two years, consistent with requirements that will be established by the Secretary of Education.  Based on data provided by the ED for students that graduated in 2015-2016, all of the programs that we provide services to our university partners passed this metric except GCU’s Masters in Mental and Social Health programs.  GCU is currently analyzing the data related to these programs 19 Table of Contents and it appears most universities that provide these programs online to working adult students fail this metric.  This is a brief summary of the rule and does not cover all elements of the proposed rule. Among other things related to loan repayment plans, OBBBA requires that for new loans issued on or after July 2026, borrowers choose between two plans: a Standard Repayment Plan (with fixed monthly payments and fixed terms ranging from 10-25 years) or a new Income-Based Repayment Assistance Plan (RAP). Current borrowers repaying loans under existing repayment options may, depending on the loan repayment type: (i) continue to repay under the selected plan or choose a new plan within a prescribed period; or (ii) be required to select from a limited set of plans as of a date certain. For example, borrowers currently on an Income-Contingent Repayment (ICR) plan must transition to a different plan by July 1, 2028. OBBBA also eliminates unemployment and economic hardship deferments for loans issued on or after July 1, 2027, and reduces the permitted forbearance period to 9 months per 24-month period. Additionally, borrowers will be permitted to rehabilitate defaulted loans twice beginning July 2027, rather than only once under the current rule. Effective July 1, 2026, students with a Student Aid Index that equals or exceeds twice the maximum Pell Grant amount will be ineligible for Pell Grants. A student will also be ineligible for a Federal Pell Grant during any period for which the student receives grant aid from a non-federal source (including states, institutional aid, or private sources) in an amount that equals or exceeds the student’s cost of attendance. Additionally, OBBBA creates Workforce Pell Grants effective July 2026 for students enrolled in eligible workforce programs. Eligible workforce programs must meet a specific definition, including that they are accredited, short-term, career-focused programs (150 to 600 clock hours of instruction over 8 to 15 weeks), which prepare students to pursue one or more certificate or degree programs. In addition, they must be approved by the state governor, aligned with high-demand, high-skill or high-wage jobs, have at least 70% completion and job placement rates, and tuition must be less than the value-added earnings of graduates who received the Workforce Pell Grant. Workforce Pell Grants may not be combined with a regular Pell grant. OBBBA amends the Higher Education Act to delay the effective date of the 2022 borrower defense to repayment rules, including the closed school discharge provisions, until July 1, 2035. The 2019 version of those rules, which took effect July 1, 2020, is instead reinstated. Both negotiated rulemaking committees empaneled by ED to meet to consider regulations to implement provisions of OBBBA and related Trump administration priorities, have concluded work. The Company is unable to predict the outcomes of those processes or what guidance ED may issue regarding how schools are to implement the legislation. Eligibility and certification procedures . Each institution must apply periodically to ED for continued certification to participate in the Title IV programs. Such recertification generally is required every six years, but may be required earlier, including when an institution undergoes a change in control. To the extent ED suspends, limits, modifies, conditions, or terminates any university partner institution’s eligibility to participate in the Title IV, including by disallowing the institution from adding new programs or terminating the institution from Title IV eligibility programs, that action is likely to have a negative impact on our business. ED may also grant an institution the ability to participate in Title IV programs on a provisional basis while it completes its review of the institution’s application.  For an institution that is certified on a provisional basis, ED may revoke the institution’s certification without advance notice or advance opportunity for the institution to challenge that action. For an institution that is certified on a month-to-month basis, ED may allow the institution’s certification to expire at the end of any month without advance notice, and without any formal procedure for review of such action. To our knowledge, either such action is very rare and has only occurred upon a determination that an institution is in substantial violation of material Title IV requirements.  Our primary university partner, GCU, currently operates under a provisional program participation agreement that expires on June 30, 2026. Administrative capability . ED regulations specify extensive criteria by which an institution must establish that it has the requisite “administrative capability” to participate in the Title IV programs. To meet the administrative capability standards, an institution must, among other things: ● comply with all applicable Title IV program requirements; ● have an adequate number of qualified personnel to administer the Title IV programs; ● have acceptable standards for measuring the satisfactory academic progress of its students; ● not have student loan cohort default rates above specified levels; 20 Table of Contents ● have various procedures in place for awarding, disbursing and safeguarding Title IV funds and for maintaining required records; ● administer the Title IV programs with adequate checks and balances in its system of internal controls; ● not be, and not have any principal or affiliate who is, debarred or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity that is cause for debarment or suspension; ● provide financial aid counseling to its students; ● refer to ED’s Office of Inspector General any credible information indicating that any student, parent, employee, third-party servicer or other agent of the institution has engaged in any fraud or other illegal conduct involving the Title IV programs; ● submit all required reports and consolidated financial statements in a timely manner; and ● not otherwise appear to lack administrative capability. As an education services company, we assist our university partners with some facets of these criteria. As such, we must be mindful of, and compliant with, the administrative capability requirements. If an institution fails to satisfy any of these criteria, ED may: ● require the institution to repay Title IV funds its students previously received; ● transfer the institution from the advance method of payment of Title IV funds to heightened cash monitoring status or the reimbursement system of payment; ● place the institution on provisional certification status; or ● commence a proceeding to impose a fine or to limit, suspend or terminate the institution’s participation in the Title IV programs. Imposition of these sanctions on any of our university partners could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. Financial responsibility. The HEA and ED regulations establish extensive standards of financial responsibility that institutions must satisfy in order to participate in the Title IV programs. ED evaluates institutions for compliance with these standards on an annual basis based on the institution’s annual audited consolidated financial statements, as well as when the institution applies to ED to have its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs recertified. The most significant financial responsibility standard is the institution’s composite score, which is derived from a formula established by ED based on three financial ratios: ● equity ratio, which measures the institution’s capital resources, financial viability and ability to borrow; ● primary reserve ratio, which measures the institution’s ability to support current operations from expendable resources; and ● net income ratio, which measures the institution’s ability to operate at a profit or within its means. ED assigns a strength factor to the results of each of these ratios on a scale from negative 1.0 to positive 3.0, with negative 1.0 reflecting financial weakness and positive 3.0 reflecting financial strength. ED then assigns a weighting percentage to each ratio and adds the weighted scores for the three ratios together to produce a composite score for the institution. The composite score for an institution’s most recent fiscal year must be at least 1.5 for the institution to be deemed financially responsible without the need for further ED oversight. In addition to having an acceptable composite score, an institution must, among other things, provide the administrative resources necessary to comply with Title IV program requirements, meet all of its financial obligations, including required refunds to students and any Title IV liabilities and debts, be current in its debt payments, and not receive an adverse, qualified, or disclaimed opinion by its accountants in its audited consolidated financial statements. As an education service company, we are not directly subject to this regulation. However, if ED were to determine that a university partner institution did not meet the financial responsibility standards due to a failure to meet the composite score or other financial responsibility factors, ED could impose a range of sanctions on the institution, such as requiring the institution to post a letter of credit, accept provisional certification (which would hamper the ability of the institution to add new programs), comply with additional ED monitoring requirements, agree to receive Title IV program funds under an arrangement other than ED’s standard advance funding arrangement, such as the reimbursement system of payment or heightened cash monitoring, and comply with or accept other limitations on the ability to increase the number of programs it offers or the number of students it enrolls, any of which sanctions on our university partners could also adversely affect our business. In addition, because other regulators may use the composite score for their 21 Table of Contents purposes, a poor composite score could have additional effects.  For example, NC-SARA utilizes an institution’s composite score in determining whether such institution is eligible to participate in SARA. Based on the data derived from the audited financial statements of GCU as of each of June 30, 2025 and 2024, GCU’s composite score was 1.9 and 1.9, respectively, using the proprietary school calculation methodology.  If GCU’s future composite scores do not exceed 1.5, ED could impose sanctions.  If any such sanctions were imposed, it could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. Return of Title IV funds for students who withdraw . When a student who has received Title IV program funds withdraws from school, the institution must determine the amount of Title IV program funds the student has “earned” and then must return the unearned Title IV program funds (a “return to Title IV”) to the appropriate lender or ED in a timely manner, which is generally no later than 45 days after the date the institution determined that the student withdrew. If such payments are not timely made, the institution will be required to submit a letter of credit to ED equal to 25% of the Title IV funds that the institution should have returned for withdrawn students in its most recently completed fiscal year. Under ED regulations, the letter of credit requirement is triggered by late returns of Title IV program funds for 5% or more of the withdrawn students (and involving more than two student refunds) in the audit sample in the institution’s annual Title IV compliance audit for either of the institution’s two most recent fiscal years or in a ED program review. Additionally, in January 2025, ED published new regulations, that became effective on July 1, 2026, related to a number of areas, including those concerning return to Title IV.  The January 2025 final regulations include additional provisions that address, among other things, the determination and documentation of a student’s withdrawal date and related administrative and reporting requirements, including in certain modular and distance education contexts. These provisions may increase the administrative burden on institutions and heighten the risk of compliance findings. To the extent that we assist our university partners with return to Title IV processes, these changes may also increase our operational and compliance responsibilities. The “90/10 Rule.” A requirement of the HEA, commonly referred to as the “90/10 Rule,” that is applicable only to proprietary, post-secondary educational institutions, provides that an institution loses its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs if the institution derives more than 90% of its revenue for each of two consecutive fiscal years from Title IV program funds. For purposes of the 90/10 Rule, revenue is calculated under a complex regulatory formula that requires cash basis accounting and other adjustments to the calculation of an institution’s revenue under generally accepted accounting principles that appears in its consolidated financial statements. Under the 90/10 Rule, an institution becomes ineligible to participate in the Title IV programs as of the first day of the fiscal year following the second consecutive fiscal year in which it exceeds the 90% threshold, and its period of ineligibility extends for at least two consecutive fiscal years. If an institution exceeds the 90% threshold for two consecutive fiscal years and it and its students have received Title IV funds during the subsequent period of ineligibility, the institution will be required to return those Title IV funds to the applicable lender or ED. If an institution’s rate exceeds 90% for any single fiscal year, it will be placed on provisional certification for at least two fiscal years. Based on new regulations that went into effect on January 1, 2023, the 90/10 Rule was modified to include tuition assistance programs offered by the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Veterans Administration as part of the 90% threshold, in addition to the Title IV programs already covered by the 90/10 Rule.  This means that institutions subject to the 90/10 Rule will be required to limit the combined amount of Title IV funds and applicable “Federal funds” revenue in a fiscal year to no more than 90% in a fiscal year as calculated under the rule, and the change to the 90/10 Rule is thus expected to increase the 90/10 Rule calculations for institutions subject to the rule. ED has issued updated interpretations regarding the classification of certain revenue for purposes of the 90/10 calculation, which may affect how proprietary institutions assess compliance with this requirement. Additionally, legislation has been introduced in both chambers of Congress that seeks to further modify the 90/10 Rule, including proposals to change the ratio requirement to 85/15 (federal to nonfederal revenue), or to eliminate the 90/10 Rule. We cannot predict whether or how legislative or regulatory changes will affect the 90/10 Rule. On December 15, 2025, ED formally recognized GCU as a non-profit institution for purposes of its participation in Title IV programs. As a result, the 90/10 Rule no longer applies to GCU. However, we continue to monitor developments relating to the 90/10 Rule because any of our current or future university partners that are classified as proprietary institutions would remain subject to this requirement. 22 Table of Contents Student loan defaults . Under the HEA, an educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV programs if defaults by its students on the repayment of their federal student loans exceed certain levels. For each federal fiscal year, ED calculates a rate of student defaults for each institution (known as a “cohort default rate”). The rate is calculated by determining the rate at which borrowers who became subject to their repayment obligation in one federal fiscal year default in that same year or by the end of the second year following the first federal fiscal year (known as the “three-year method”). ED applies legal thresholds to measure an institution’s compliance. If ED notifies an institution that its cohort default rates exceeded 30%, for each of its three most recent federal fiscal years, the institution’s participation in the FDL Program and the Pell grant program would end 30 days after that notification, unless the institution appeals that determination in a timely manner on specified grounds and according to specified procedures. In addition, an institution’s participation in the FDL Program would end 30 days after notification by ED that its most recent cohort default rate, is greater than 40%, unless the institution timely appeals that determination on specified grounds and according to specified procedures. An institution whose participation ends under either of these provisions may not participate in the relevant programs for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the institution receives the notification or for the next two fiscal years. If an institution’s cohort default rate for any single federal fiscal year equals or exceeds 30%, ED may place the institution on provisional certification status. While we cannot directly influence a university partner’s cohort default rates, and do not provide default rate management services, in the course of performing services for a university partner we would work to assist such university partner in ensuring that its cohort default rates do not present a compliance risk under this regulation. Nonetheless, if a university partner institution exceeded the threshold under the three-year method, the sanction imposed could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business.  While GCU’s cohort default rates have historically been significantly below these levels, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Incentive compensation rule . An institution that participates in the Title IV programs may not provide any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment, admissions, or financial aid awarding activity. Since we are involved in recruiting and admission activities on behalf of our university partners, under current regulations, we are prohibited from offering our covered employees, who are those employees involved with or responsible for recruiting or admissions activities, any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the successful recruitment, admission or enrollment of students into a postsecondary institution. We are also precluded from offering our covered employees who work on financial aid matters (if any), any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the award of financial aid to students enrolled in a postsecondary institution.  ED normally does not approve incentive compensation plans but as part of the Qui Tam settlement, they reviewed and approved our compensation plan. In addition, the incentive compensation rule raises the question as to whether companies like ours, as an entity, are prohibited from entering into tuition revenue-sharing arrangements with university partners. On March 17, 2011, ED issued official agency guidance, known as a “Dear Colleague Letter,” or a DCL, providing guidance on this point. The DCL states that “[t]he Department generally views payment based on the amount of tuition generated as an indirect payment of incentive compensation based on success in recruitment and therefore a prohibited basis upon which to measure the value of the services provided” and that “[t]his is true regardless of the manner in which the entity compensates its employees.” But the DCL also provides an important exception to the ban on tuition revenue-sharing arrangements between institutions and third parties. According to the DCL, ED does not consider payment based on the amount of tuition generated by an institution to violate the incentive compensation ban if the payment compensates an “unaffiliated third party” that provides a set of “bundled services” that includes recruitment services, such as those we provide. Example 2-B in the DCL is described as a “possible business model” developed “with the statutory mandate in mind.” Example 2-B describes the following as a possible business model: “A third-party that is not affiliated with the institution it serves and is not affiliated with any other institution that provides educational services, provides bundled services to the institution including marketing, enrollment application assistance, recruitment services, course support for online delivery of courses, the provision of technology, placement services for internships, and student career counseling. The institution may pay the entity an amount based on tuition generated for the institution by the entity’s activities for all the bundled services that are offered and provided collectively, as long as the entity does not make prohibited compensation payments to its employees, and the institution does not pay the entity separately for student recruitment services provided by the entity.” 23 Table of Contents The DCL guidance indicates that an arrangement that complies with Example 2-B will be deemed to be in compliance with the incentive compensation provisions of the HEA and ED’s regulations. Our business model and contractual arrangements with our university partners closely follow Example 2-B in the DCL. In addition, we assure that none of our “covered employees” is paid any bonus or other incentive compensation in violation of the rule. Because the bundled services rule was promulgated in the form of agency guidance issued by ED in the form of a DCL and is not codified by statute or regulation, the rule could be altered or removed without prior notice, public comment period or other administrative procedural requirements that accompany formal agency rulemaking. Similarly, a court could invalidate the rule in an action involving our company or our university partners, or in action that does not involve us at all. The revision, removal or invalidation of the bundled services rule by Congress, ED or a court could require us to change our business model in ways that could be detrimental to our business. Borrower Defense to Repayment regulations .  Under the HEA and its implementing regulations, students may file a claim with ED to discharge their FDL Loans if, generally, they believe their institution misled them or engaged in other misconduct related to the making of their federal loans or the provision of their educational services.  This is referred to as a “borrower defense to repayment” or “BDR” claim.  The regulations governing the standards and processes pursuant to which BDR claims are adjudicated have been revised multiple times since their introduction in 1994, with the result that the current regulatory framework is extraordinarily complex.  It is generally the case that an individual BDR claim would be adjudicated by an ED staff member and any subsequent recoupment process against the applicable institution initiated by ED would be overseen by a hearing official.  But the specific standards and processes that apply vary depending on when the underlying loan was made, and certain versions of the law permit the formation of a group claims process by ED. In November 2022, the Biden administration promulgated a revised version of the BDR rule, which took effect on July 1, 2023.  In August 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued a nationwide preliminary injunction, enjoining the implementation of the borrower defense and closed school provisions of that rule.  While this case is pending, the previous versions of the borrower defense and closed school provisions are in effect. On April 4, 2024, the court issued further instructions to enjoin the rule and postpone the effective date of the regulation pending final judgment in the case. The injunction is effective until there is a final judgment in the case. The Department will not adjudicate any borrower defense applications under the rule subject to the injunction unless and until the injunction is lifted. As described above, the OBBBA amends the Higher Education Act to delay the effective date of the 2022 borrower defense to repayment rules, including the closed school discharge provisions, until July 1, 2035. The 2019 version of those rules, which took effect July 1, 2020, is instead reinstated. As of January 2026, the nationwide preliminary injunction appears to remain in effect, and, although ED noted that it would issue new regulations related to BDR to effectuate the requirements of OBBBA, it has not yet published the revised rulemaking. As a result of the August 7, 2023 nationwide injunction of the 2022 BDR regulations, ED announced that while it will not adjudicate any borrower defense applications under the 2022 Borrower Defense to Repayment Regulations unless and until the effective date is reinstated, it will continue to adjudicate applications under a prior version of the rule if required pursuant to a court ordered settlement. Institutions and third-party servicers continue to operate under earlier borrower defense standards, and the resolution of the pending litigation could result in changes to applicable requirements or enforcement approaches. While the changes in the OBBBA clarify matters until July 1, 2035, litigation related to the various iterations of the BDR regulations, changes to the enforcement of these regulations, and the lack of adjudications in this area have made this area of the law difficult to predict. Nonetheless, if our university partners are determined to have violated this regulation there could be significant sanctions imposed, whether related to the recoupment of any loans extinguished by ED, the imposition of letters of credit, or other sanctions under the financial responsibility or administrative capability regulations (among others).  This could put a financial strain on our university partners and negatively affect our business.  Also, if we were determined to have been the cause of the meritorious BDTR claim, our partners may have claims against us. Note, the borrower defense to repayment regulations discussed herein were and are extensive and this does not attempt to discuss all the facets of any of the versions of these regulations. We cannot determine what effect, if any, these regulations may have on our university partners or on us. 24 Table of Contents Compliance reviews. Our university partners institutions are subject to announced and unannounced compliance reviews and audits by various external agencies, including ED, its Office of Inspector General, state licensing agencies, the applicable state approving agencies for financial assistance to veterans, and accrediting commissions. As part of ED’s ongoing monitoring of institutions’ administration of the Title IV programs, the HEA also requires institutions to annually submit to ED a Title IV compliance audit conducted by an independent certified public accountant in accordance with applicable federal and ED audit standards. In addition, to enable ED to make a determination of an institution’s financial responsibility, each institution must annually submit audited financial statements prepared in accordance with ED regulations. As a third-party servicer, not only are our university partners subject to reviews and audits that may require our involvement, but we are also subject to program reviews from ED and the Office of the Inspector General. Further, we also have an obligation to annually submit to ED a Title IV compliance audit conducted by an independent certified public accountant in accordance with applicable federal and ED audit standards. Gainful employment rule s. Under the HEA, proprietary schools are eligible to participate in Title IV programs in respect of educational programs that lead to “gainful employment in a recognized occupation,” with the limited exception of qualified programs leading to a bachelor’s degree in liberal arts. ED attempted to define this in a series of regulations from 2010 to 2016.  On July 1, 2019, ED rescinded the previously enacted gainful employment regulations. Then in 2023, ED published new Financial Value Transparency and Gainful Employment (“FVT/GE”) regulations, which became effective July 1, 2024.  These regulations establish rules for annually evaluating GCU’s educational programs based on the calculation of debt-to-earnings rates (an annual debt-to-earnings rate and a discretionary debt-to-earnings rate) and a median earnings measure.  ED will calculate these rates and measures under complex regulatory formulas outlined in the regulations and using data such as student debt (including not only Title IV loans but also certain private loans and extensions of credit), student earnings data, and comparative median earnings data for young working adults with only a high school diploma or GED.  If GCU’s programs were to yield debt-to-earnings rates or a median earnings measure that do not comply with regulatory benchmarks for two of three consecutive years, they would lose Title IV eligibility for each of the impacted educational programs.  The regulations will also require institutions to provide warnings to current and prospective students for programs in danger of losing Title IV eligibility (which could deter prospective students from enrolling and current students from continuing their respective programs).  The regulations also include provisions for providing certifications and reporting data to ED and providing required student disclosures related to gainful employment. During 2025, ED implemented the initial phases of the FVT/GE regulatory framework, including institutional review and verification of FVT/GE Completers Lists and required program-level data reporting. These implementation activities required institutions to review, verify, and report detailed program-level data and may indirectly influence program eligibility, reporting obligations, and enrollment dynamics at the institutions we serve. On January 9, 2026, the Accountability in Higher Education and Access through Demand-driven Workforce Pell (AHEAD) Committee empaneled by ED to implement the “Do No Harm” accountability framework in the OBBBA came to consensus on regulatory language that would replace FVT/GE framework with a new earnings premium test.  It is unclear when the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking will be published, but if the final rule is published on or before November 1, 2026, the new test will become effective on July 1, 2027 (unless designated for early implementation by ED).  Below is a brief summary of the rule and does not cover all elements of the rule.  This test would apply to all programs at all schools regardless of tax status.  In short, the test would compare a program's graduates' median earnings (4 years after completion) to state/national benchmarks (median earnings of working high school graduates for undergraduate students; bachelor’s graduates for graduate programs) to ensure a positive financial return on investment. Programs failing this test for two out of three years risk losing eligibility for federal loans.  Based on data provided by the ED for students that graduated in 2015-2016 all of the programs that we provide services to our university partners passed this metric except, GCU’s Master’s in Mental and Social Health program.  GCU is currently analyzing the data related to these programs and it appears most universities that provide these programs online to working adult students fail this metric. The regulations include measures that will be based in part on data that is not readily accessible to us or our university partners, which makes it difficult for us to predict with certainty how our partners’ educational programs will perform under the new benchmarks and the extent to which certain programs could become ineligible for Title IV loans.  ED released performance data at the time it published the proposed regulations that calculates rates for each school’s programs while acknowledging that the methodology used to produce the calculations differs from the 25 Table of Contents methodology in the proposed regulations due to limitations in data availability.  Because neither we nor our partners have access to all of the data that will ultimately be used to evaluate our partners’ programs, we cannot predict whether, or the extent to which, any program could fail to comply with the new benchmarks. Moreover, our university partners do not have control over the factors that could impact the rates and measures for their programs which will limit their ability to eliminate or mitigate the impact of the regulations on their educational programs.  As such, we cannot at this time determine which programs from our partners are at risk of failing and, consequently, losing eligibility to disburse Title IV loans. We have not fully evaluated these proposed regulations and cannot yet determine what effect, if any, these regulations may have on our university partners or on us. Substantial misrepresentation . The HEA prohibits an institution that participates in Title IV programs from engaging in “substantial misrepresentation” of the nature of its educational program, its financial charges, or the employability of its graduates. ED has defined a misrepresentation as any statement made by the institution or a third party that provides educational programs, marketing, advertising, recruiting, or admissions services to the institution that is false, erroneous or has the likelihood or tendency to deceive. A substantial misrepresentation is any misrepresentation on which the person to whom it was made could reasonably be expected to rely, or has reasonably relied, to that person’s detriment. The regulation also covers statements made by any representative of an institution, including agents, employees and subcontractors, and statements made directly or indirectly to any third party, including state agencies, government officials or the public, and not just to students or prospective students.  Therefore, we are subject to this regulation. Considering the breadth of the definition of “substantial misrepresentation,” it is possible that despite our efforts to prevent such misrepresentations, our employees or contractors may make statements that could be construed as substantial misrepresentations for which our university partners would be held responsible by ED. We and our employees and subcontractors, as agents of our university partners, must use a high degree of care to comply with such rules and are prohibited by contract from making any false, erroneous or misleading statements about our university partners. To avoid an issue under the misrepresentation rule and similar rules, we assure that all marketing materials are approved in advance by our university partners before they are used by our employees and subcontractors in their conversations with students and prospective students.  Additionally, matters regarding substantial misrepresentation, and defining what constitutes “aggressive recruiting,” are currently the subject of negotiated rulemaking. While we are watching this process closely, we cannot determine what the outcome will be or the effect of these regulations on our university partners or on GCE. Despite our best efforts, we or our university partners may face complaints from our university partners’ students and prospective students over statements made by us and our agents throughout the conduct of our services that would expose our university partners, and derivatively us, to increased risk of enforcement action and applicable sanctions or other penalties and increased risk of private qui tam actions under the Federal False Claims Act. Also, if ED determines that an institution (including its contractors) has engaged in substantial misrepresentation, ED may revoke an institution’s program participation agreement, impose limitations on the institution’s participation in Title IV programs, deny applications from the institution for approval of new programs or locations or other matters, or initiate proceedings to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. Similar rules apply under state laws or are incorporated in institutional accreditation standards, and the FTC applies similar rules prohibiting any unfair or deceptive marketing practices to the education sector. In October 2021, the FTC announced that it was resurrecting its Penalty Offense Authority under Section 5(m) of the FTC Act. Under the FTC Act, the FTC may secure penalties against entities not a party to an original proceeding if the FTC can show that the entity had actual knowledge that the conduct in question was found to be unfair or deceptive. Entities that have actual knowledge of acts or practices the FTC has found to be unlawful and that subsequently engage in such unlawful acts or practices may be held liable for civil penalties up to $50,120 per violation. If ED or another regulator determines that statements made by us or on our behalf are in violation of the regulations, we could be subject to sanctions and other liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Negotiated rulemaking . ED periodically issues new regulations and guidance that can have an adverse effect on our partner institutions.  ED has changed its regulations, and may make other changes in the future, in a manner 26 Table of Contents which could require us to incur additional costs in connection with providing the services that we provide our university partners affect their ability to remain eligible to participate in the Title IV programs, impose restrictions on their participation in the Title IV programs, affect the rate at which students enroll in our partners’ programs, or otherwise have a significant impact on our business and results of operations.  We cannot predict with certainty the ultimate combined impact of the regulatory changes which have occurred in recent years, nor can we predict the effect of future legislative or regulatory action by federal, state or other agencies regulating our operations or those of our university partners, how any resulting regulations will be interpreted or whether we and our university partner institutions will be able to comply with these requirements in the future. Any such actions by legislative or regulatory bodies that affect our operations or those of our university partners could have a material adverse effect on our business and that of university partner institutions. ED engaged in two negotiated rulemakings stemming from the OBBBA, both of which reached consensus.  The “Reimagining and Improving Student Education” (RISE) Committee implemented the new loan limits imposed by Congress in OBBBA (and discussed earlier).  The AHEAD Committee (also discussed earlier) implemented the new accountability framework. We have not fully evaluated these proposed regulations and cannot yet determine what effect, if any, these regulations may have on our university partners or on us. Regulatory Standards that May Restrict Institutional Expansion or Other Changes Many actions that our university partners may wish to take in connection with expanding their operations or other changes are subject to review or approval by the applicable regulatory agencies. For example, requirements and standards of state post-secondary agencies, accrediting commissions, and ED limit an institution’s ability in certain instances to establish additional teaching locations, implement new educational programs, or increase enrollment in certain programs. Many states require review and approval before institutions can add new locations or programs, and many states limit the number of pre-licensure professional students (such as nursing) colleges may enroll. Similarly, accrediting agencies (institutional and programmatic) generally require institutions to notify them in advance of adding new locations or implementing new programs, and upon notification may undertake a review of the quality of the facility or the program and the financial, academic, and other qualifications of the institution. With respect to ED, if an institution participating in the Title IV programs plans to add a new location or educational program, the institution must generally apply to ED to have the additional location or educational program designated as within the scope of the institution’s Title IV eligibility. Institutions that are fully certified to participate in the Title IV programs are not required to obtain ED’s approval of additional programs that lead to a bachelor’s, professional, or graduate degree at the same degree level as programs previously approved by ED.  GCU, because it is currently certified to participate in the Title IV programs on a provisional basis, is required to obtain ED approval for new programs, which requirement could impede GCU’s ability to introduce new programs and slow its growth. 27 Table of Contents Item 1A.

