TICKER: LQDA
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain. We collaborate with Sandoz on a regular basis to plan appropriate inventory production and management based on the demand for Treprostinil Injection and observations in the field. Additionally, we have contracted with our manufacturing partner Chengdu to supply the RG 3mL Medication Cartridge for use with CADD-MS 3 infusion pumps and enable subcutaneous administration of Treprostinil Injection. The pumps used to administer Treprostinil Injection are currently all manufactured by ICU Medical, with whom we have no contractual relationship. L606 is manufactured exclusively by CMOs using the proprietary liposomal formulation methods provided by Pharmosa. Under the License Agreement, Pharmosa will manufacture clinical and commercial supplies of L606 and support Liquidia in establishing a redundant global supply chain.  The proprietary nebulizer used to administer L606 will be manufactured by Vectura Limited (“Vectura”). Our Collaboration and Licensing Agreements Pharmosa License Agreement In June 2023, we entered into a License Agreement with Pharmosa pursuant to which we were granted an exclusive license in North America to develop and commercialize L606, an inhaled, sustained-release formulation of treprostinil currently being evaluated in a clinical trial for the treatment of PAH and PH-ILD, and a non-exclusive license for the manufacture, development and use (but not commercialization) of such licensed product in most countries outside North America (the “Pharmosa License Agreement”). On October 2, 2024, we and Pharmosa entered into a First Amendment to the Pharmosa License Agreement (the “First Amendment”) which, among other things, expands our licensed territory beyond North America to include key markets in Europe, Japan and elsewhere. Concurrently with the execution of the First Amendment, we and Pharmosa also entered into a Device License Agreement (the “Device License Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Device License Agreement, Pharmosa will provide (i) an exclusive license to Liquidia Technologies for the right to develop, manufacture, use and commercialize Pharmosa’s next-generation smart-technology nebulizers (the “Device”) for use with L606 in most countries (subject to 12 Table of Contents certain exceptions) (the “Territory”) and (ii) a non-exclusive license to Liquidia Technologies for the right to develop, manufacture and use (but not commercialize) the Device outside of the Territory. Under the terms of the Pharmosa License Agreement, as amended, we will be responsible for development, regulatory and commercial activities of L606 in the Territory. Pharmosa will manufacture clinical and commercial supplies of the liposomal formulation through its global supply chain and support us in establishing a redundant global supply chain. In consideration for these exclusive rights, we paid Pharmosa an upfront license fee of $10 million and paid an additional $3.5 million upfront license fee in October 2024 in connection with the rights granted in the First Amendment and the Device License Agreement. In addition to the upfront fees, we will pay Pharmosa potential development milestone payments tied to clinical development and approvals in PAH and/or PH-ILD of up to $37.75 million, potential sales milestones of up to $185 million in North America and $150 million outside North American and two tiers of low, double-digit royalties on all net sales of L606. Pharmosa will also receive a $10 million milestone payment for each additional indication approved by the FDA after PAH and PH-ILD and each additional product approved by the FDA under the license, a $2 million milestone payment for each additional indication approved by the EMA after PAH and PH-ILD, and a $0.5 million milestone payment for each additional indication approved by Japan’s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (the “PMDA”) after PAH and PH-ILD. As of December 31, 2025, no development milestones have been achieved under the Pharmosa License Agreement. We also retain the first right to negotiate for development and commercialization of L606 in other territories should Pharmosa seek a partner, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions as set forth in the Pharmosa License Agreement. Vectura License Agreement In October 2025, we entered into an exclusive licensing agreement (the “Vectura License Agreement”) with Vectura, which provided for, among other things, (i) the exclusive right for Liquidia Technologies to develop, manufacture and commercialize for use in the United States products containing treprostinil, including L606, administered via certain Vectura nebulizer devices for treatment in the field of hypertension and interstitial lung diseases, including PAH and PH-ILD and (ii) that Vectura shall be responsible for manufacturing and supplying Liquidia Technologies with clinical and commercial supplies of the devices. Under the License Agreement, we are required to pay to Vectura (i) an upfront payment of $2 million in connection with the execution of the Vectura License Agreement, (ii) certain development milestone payments of up to $12 million upon achievement of certain development milestones; (iii) certain sales milestone payments of up to $92.5 million tied to commercial sales in the territory and (iv) royalty payments with royalty rates ranging in the middle single digits tied to commercial sales in the territory. The Vectura License Agreement also provides us with rights of first negotiation to add additional territories and indications during the term thereof as set out in the Vectura License Agreement. The Vectura License Agreement will remain in effect on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis until the expiration of the applicable royalty term (as set forth in the Vectura License Agreement) in such country with respect to such product, at which time the Vectura License Agreement shall expire in respect of such country and product. The Vectura License Agreement may be terminated (i) by mutual agreement, (ii) by either party for a material breach by the other party, subject to notice and cure periods, (iii) by either party in the event of a bankruptcy event (as set forth in the Vectura License Agreement) of the other party, (iv) by us in the event we (x) discontinue the L606 program, (y) determine regulatory, scientific or technical infeasibility or (z) terminate our related supply or development agreements, and (v) by Vectura for (x) our failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop a product under the Vectura License Agreement, (y) upon receipt of notice that we will discontinue the L606 program or (z) in the event that we initiate a challenge to Vectura’s patent rights being licensed under the Vectura License Agreement. Sandoz Promotion Agreement Liquidia PAH entered into a Promotion Agreement (the “Promotion Agreement”) with Sandoz on August 1, 2018, as amended on May 8, 2020, September 4, 2020, November 18, 2022, and March 10, 2023, which engaged Liquidia PAH on an exclusive basis to promote the appropriate use of Sandoz’s Treprostinil Injection for the treatment of PAH in the United States, including its commonwealths, territories, possessions and military bases. Liquidia PAH works jointly with Sandoz on commercial strategy for Treprostinil Injection and on identifying, manufacturing and developing medical 13 Table of Contents devices, including pumps and cartridges, that may be used to administer Treprostinil Injection. As the ANDA holder for Treprostinil Injection, Sandoz retains all rights to Treprostinil Injection and maintains responsibility for compliance with FDA regulatory and healthcare laws including any regulatory communications with the FDA or any other regulatory authorities. Under the Promotion Agreement, Sandoz retains responsibility for: the specifications, manufacture and supply, distribution and future development of treprostinil; regulatory submission and interactions with the FDA pertaining to treprostinil, including maintaining all necessary regulatory approvals; reporting to the FDA or other regulatory authorities on matters relating to manufacturing, sale or promotion, such as any safety events involving treprostinil; internally reviewing and, as it determines appropriate, approving promotional materials developed by Liquidia PAH, and making submissions to the FDA’s Office of Prescription Drug Promotion; handling safety activities including adverse event reporting; and initiating and managing any recalls of treprostinil. Liquidia PAH’s activities and obligations related to the Promotion Agreement include: promotional and non-promotional activities, including sales and marketing activities for treprostinil, and engagement of healthcare professionals for advisory boards; developing, with prior written approval from Sandoz, marketing and educational materials consistent with FDA approved labeling and applicable laws; notifying Sandoz of notices from governmental authorities about adverse event reports or regulatory inquiries related to the safety of treprostinil, product complaints or alleged defects, and unsolicited requests for off-label medical information; providing certain data and information to Sandoz in order to fulfill its transparency and reporting obligations under the Physician Payment Sunshine Act; complying with applicable laws relevant to the activities conducted under the Promotion Agreement; establishing a compliance program and mechanism for disclosure of any violations of Liquidia PAH policies and procedures and submission of an annual report and certification to Sandoz of its compliance activities; and managing, with oversight and participation from Sandoz, negotiations and arrangements for managed care activities. Liquidia PAH paid Sandoz an initial payment of $10 million on August 1, 2018 and, upon the successful quality release by Sandoz of 9,000 units of Treprostinil Injection on August 3, 2018, Liquidia PAH paid Sandoz an additional $10 million as further consideration for the right to conduct the activities as contemplated in the Promotion Agreement and to receive a portion of the “Net Profits” (as defined in the Promotion Agreement). The portion of Net Profits are allocated to Liquidia PAH currently through December 31, 2028 is as follows: (i) for that portion of aggregate Net Profits less than or equal to $500 million, Liquidia PAH shall receive 50% of all such Net Profits; and (ii) for that portion of aggregate Net Profits greater than $500 million, Liquidia PAH shall receive 75% of all such Net Profits. After December 31, 2028, the portion of Net Profits allocated to Liquidia PAH shall be as follows: (i) if aggregate Net Profits as of December 31, 2028 were less than $500 million, Liquidia PAH shall receive 50% of all Net Profits; and (ii) if aggregate Net Profits as of December 31, 2028 were greater than or equal to $500 million, Liquidia PAH shall receive 75% of all Net Profits. The Promotion Agreement expires December 31, 2032, subject to certain renewal periods. Liquidia PAH and Sandoz may terminate the Promotion Agreement for cause upon a number of customary events, such as a material breach of the Promotion Agreement that remains uncured, complete withdrawal of marketing approval of Treprostinil Injection or upon the filing or institution of bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings with respect to the other party. Further, either party may terminate the Promotion Agreement upon written notice to the other party at any time after the current term in the event Sandoz is then procuring 100% of its supply of Treprostinil Injection from a single third party upon (a) expiration of the supply agreement with such third party and (b) Sandoz’s failure, after exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, to secure continued supply of Treprostinil Injection from such third party or other third parties within 12 months of the termination of such supply agreement. Liquidia PAH and Sandoz also each have a right to terminate the Promotion Agreement on not more than 90 days’ written notice in the event that Net Profits in the last calendar year are less than $5 million. Sandoz may terminate the Promotion Agreement on not more than 90 days’ written notice after the conclusion of any full 12-month calendar year in the event that Net Profits in such calendar year are less than or equal to 10% of the net sales in such calendar year; provided , however , that Sandoz may not terminate the Promotion Agreement in such instance if both (x) Net Profits or the profit margin were adversely affected in such calendar year by any temporary event or circumstance and (z) the joint steering committee makes a determination that such profit margin deficiency is not 14 Table of Contents likely to continue in the subsequent calendar year. Sandoz may also terminate the Promotion Agreement upon a change of control of Liquidia PAH. Liquidia PAH may terminate the Promotion Agreement on not more than 90 days’ written notice after the conclusion of any full 12-month calendar year in the event that Liquidia PAH’s share of the Net Profits in such calendar year are less than or equal to Liquidia PAH’s operating expenses relating to Treprostinil Injection for such calendar year; provided, however, that Liquidia PAH may not terminate the Promotion Agreement in such instance if both (x) Net Profits or its operating expenses relating to Treprostinil Injection were adversely affected in such calendar year by a temporary event or circumstance and (z) the joint steering committee makes a determination that Liquidia PAH’s share of the Net Profits is not likely to continue to be less than its operating expenses relating to Treprostinil Injection in the subsequent calendar year. The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill In December 2008, we entered into the Amended and Restated License Agreement with The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (“UNC”) for the use of certain patent rights and technology relating to our PRINT technology (the “UNC License”). Under the terms of the UNC License, we have an exclusive license to such patent rights and technology for our drug products. The UNC License grants us the right to grant sublicenses to the technology as well as control the litigation of any infringement claim instituted by or against us in respect of the licensed patent rights. We are also responsible for all expenses associated with the prosecution and maintenance of the patents and patent applications. Such filings and prosecution will be carried out by UNC and in UNC’s name but under our control. Under the UNC License, we are required to pay UNC royalties equal to a low single digit percentage of all net sales of our drug products whose manufacture, use or sale includes any use of the technology or patent rights covered by the UNC License, as well as tiered royalty percentages ranging in the low single digits of sales by our sublicensees for any product covered by rights under a sublicense agreement granted pursuant to the UNC License. Under the UNC License, we are also required to pay UNC certain fees other than royalties that we collect and are attributable to UNC sublicensed intellectual property. Effective November 2017, we satisfied all substantive milestones associated with our UNC License other than semi-annual and annual reporting-based milestones that continue through the term of the UNC License. The UNC License expires (i) on the expiration of the last to expire patent included in the patent rights or (ii) if no patents mature from such patent rights, in December 2028. We have the right to terminate the UNC License upon a specified period of prior written notice. UNC may terminate the UNC License in certain circumstances, including if we fail to pay royalty or other payments on time or if we fail to sublicense in accordance with the terms of the UNC License. Upon termination of the UNC License, we must pay any royalty obligations due upon termination. Alcon Inc. We have exclusively licensed our PRINT technology to Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Aerie”) for broad usage in the design and commercialization of small molecule and biologic ophthalmic therapies. In November 2022, Alcon Inc. (“Alcon”) completed its acquisition of Aerie and, as a result, retains Aerie’s exclusive license to the use of our PRINT technology for ophthalmic therapies. GlaxoSmithKline In March 2023, we and GSK plc (“GSK”) entered into a Research License Agreement (the “GSK License Agreement”) which superseded and replaced our prior agreements with GSK. Pursuant to the GSK License Agreement, the Company has granted to GSK a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except to affiliates), royalty free license to use our PRINT technology for the sole purpose of conducting preclinical research and preclinical development of inhaled formulations of GSK’s Molecules in the Field and in the Territory (capitalized terms are as defined in the GSK License Agreement). The Company and GSK will each own and retain all rights, title, and interest in and to all inventions, discoveries and other subject matter (including Know-How (as defined in the GSK License Agreement)) together with all intellectual 15 Table of Contents property rights therein which are owned or controlled by such party as of the date of the GSK License Agreement or which are invented or acquired by or on behalf of such party independent of the GSK License Agreement. Liquidia is permitted to continuously use its PRINT technology for any inhaled formulation other than certain identified GSK proprietary molecules, pursuant to the GSK License Agreement. Under the terms of the GSK License Agreement, GSK will be required to seek an expanded license before it may use PRINT for clinical or commercial purposes. Unless earlier terminated, the GSK License Agreement will continue in effect until the later of (i) the expiration of the last-to-expire Valid Claim (as defined in the GSK License Agreement) included within the Liquidia Technology (as defined in the GSK License Agreement) and (ii) all Arising PRINT Improvements (as defined in the GSK License Agreement) and Liquidia Know-How (as defined in the GSK License Agreement) are in the public domain. GSK may terminate the Agreement upon at least thirty days’ prior written notice to the Company. The GSK License Agreement may also be terminated by either party for a material breach by the other party, subject to notice and cure provisions, or in the event of the other party’s insolvency. In the GSK License Agreement, each party made customary representations and warranties and agreed to customary covenants, including, without limitation, with respect to indemnification, for transactions of this type. Intellectual Property The proprietary nature and protection of our product candidates, their methods of use and our platform technology that enables our product candidates are an important part of our business strategy of rapidly developing and commercializing new medicines that address areas of significant unmet medical needs. Our policy is to seek patent protection of our proprietary product candidates and technology by filing U.S., international and certain foreign patent applications covering certain of our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements and product candidates that are important to the growth and protection of our business. We also rely on a combination of trade secrets, know-how, trademarks and contractual restrictions to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to patent protection or where we do not consider patent protection to be adequate or applicable. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other protection for our product candidates, enabling technology, inventions and know-how and our ability to defend and enforce these patents, preserve the proprietary nature of our trade secrets and trademarks and operate our business without infringing valid and enforceable patent and other proprietary rights of third parties. Where possible, we pursue both composition-of-matter patents and method-of-use patents for our product candidates. We also have patents covering our proprietary PRINT micro- and nano-particle fabrication technology. We are the owner or exclusive licensee of patents and applications relating to our proprietary technology platform and our product candidates and are pursuing additional patent protection for these and for our other product candidates and technology developments. As of December 31, 2025, we had a total of 151 patents and pending patent applications in our patent portfolio which protect our PRINT technology and drug products in development. As of December 31, 2025, we were the sole owner of 21 patents in the United States and 43 patents in foreign jurisdictions, as well as 13 additional pending patent applications, including provisional patent applications, in the United States, Europe, Japan and other jurisdictions. In addition to the patents and patent applications owned solely by us, our patent portfolio as of December 31, 2025 also included 51 patents and 23 patent applications licensed from third parties. As of December 31, 2025, we had an exclusive, worldwide license from UNC to 11 U.S. patents and seven foreign patents. Three of the patents licensed from UNC are jointly owned by us. Also, as of December 31, 2025, we had an exclusive license in the territory from Pharmosa to five U.S. patents and 20 foreign patents, as well as 23 additional patent applications in the United States or selected foreign jurisdictions. In addition, as of December 31, 2025, we had a license in the territory from Vectura to 8 U.S. patents.  As of December 31, 2025, YUTREPIA was specifically protected by 16 issued patents in the United States, the longest-lived of which will expire in 2037. 16 Table of Contents We hold multiple U.S. trademark registrations and have numerous pending trademark applications. Issuance of a federally registered trademark creates a rebuttable presumption of ownership of the mark; however, it is subject to challenge by others claiming first use in the mark in some or all the areas in which it is used. Federally registered trademarks have a perpetual life so long as they are maintained and renewed on a timely basis and used properly as trademarks, subject to the rights of third parties to seek cancellation of the trademarks if they claim priority or confusion of usage. We believe our patents and trademarks are valuable and would provide us certain benefits in marketing our products. Competition The pharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive, subject to rapid and significant technological change and places emphasis on the value of proprietary products. While we believe that our technologies and experience provide us with a competitive advantage, our competitors include organizations such as major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, biopharmaceutical companies and generic drug companies. Many of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we have, such as more commercial resources, larger research and development staffs and more extensive marketing and manufacturing organizations. As a result, these companies may obtain marketing approval more rapidly than we are able and may be more effective in selling and marketing their products. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaboration arrangements with large, established companies. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, technologies and drug products that are more effective or less costly than products that we are currently developing or that we may develop, which could render our products obsolete and non-competitive. We expect any products that we develop and commercialize to compete on the basis of, among other things, efficacy, safety, convenience of administration and delivery, price and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. We also expect to face competition in our efforts to recruit and retain qualified personnel, establish clinical trial sites and secure patient enrollment in our clinical trials, and identify appropriate collaborators to help commercialize any approved products in our target commercial markets. Our product, YUTREPIA, and our product candidate, L606, will compete for market share to treat patients diagnosed with PAH, PH-ILD, or any other indications for which we may receive marketing approval in the future.  Treprostinil Injection, which we commercialize with Sandoz, competes only in the PAH market. Each disease has different competitive forces as described below. Competition in PAH Our products and development programs directed toward the treatment of PAH compete with several approved classes of drugs in clinically validated signaling pathways. These drugs may be used alone or in combination and may include branded or generic formulations or molecules with the following mechanisms of action: antagonists of endothelin receptors (“ERAs”) such as bosentan, macitentan and ambrisentan; inhibitors of the enzyme Phosphodiesterase-5 (“PDE5”) in the nitric oxide pathway such as tadalafil and sildenafil; soluble guanylate cyclase (“sGC”) stimulators such as riociguat; inhibitors of activin signaling such as sotatercept; and agonists of the prostacyclin pathway that either bind to the IP receptor, such as selexipag, or are analogs of endogenous prostacyclin, such as treprostinil, iloprost and epoprostenol. Most combination treatments are administered as separate doses, but some patients may use a single-tablet that includes macitentan and tadalafil. The branded forms of these molecules are commercialized by large pharmaceutical companies such as Johnson & Johnson under the name Janssen/Actelion, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Bayer Schering Pharma AG, Merck & Company, and United Therapeutics. In PAH treatment, therapies targeting the prostacyclin pathway are usually added after oral formulations of ERAs, PDE5 inhibitors and/or oral sGCs. Injections of sotatercept, approved in March 2024, are usually added to patient therapy after prostacyclin products, but its clinical use is developing. It is possible that sotatercept may come to be used prior to prostacyclin therapies, which may have an adverse effect on the market potential for YUTREPIA and/or L606. 17 Table of Contents Competition with prostacyclin-targeted treatments in PAH Inhaled prostacyclin products . We expect that our products will face competition from the following inhaled prostacyclin analogs, which may be more tolerable than systemically delivered oral and infused products. • Tyvaso (treprostinil), is a nebulized formulation marketed by United Therapeutics for the treatment of PAH since 2009. Tyvaso is the reference listed drug in our NDA for YUTREPIA. Following patent litigation, United Therapeutics and Watson Pharmaceuticals reached a settlement whereby Watson Pharmaceuticals is now permitted to enter the market with a generic version of Tyvaso, effective as of January 1, 2026. • Tyvaso DPI (treprostinil) is a dry-powder formulation commercialized by United Therapeutics in partnership with MannKind Corporation. Tyvaso DPI was approved for the treatment of PAH in May 2022. • Ventavis (iloprost) is the only other inhaled prostacyclin analog and marketed by Actelion, a division of Johnson & Johnson. Approved to treat PAH since 2004, Ventavis is administered six to nine times per day via a nebulizer. Ventavis is still available to patients though utilization has significantly dwindled due to the more frequent and burdensome treatment regimen. Orally delivered prostacyclin products . Oral products are perceived to be more convenient than inhaled and infused products. Orenitram (treprostinil), dosed three-times daily and sold by United Therapeutics, and Uptravi (selexipag), dosed twice daily and sold by Janssen Pharmaceuticals/Actelion, are both approved to treat PAH. Infused prostacyclin analogs . Our Treprostinil Injection product to treat PAH faces competition primarily from the continued use of the branded Remodulin sold by United Therapeutics as well as additional generic treprostinil products offered by Teva, Par Pharmaceutical, Dr. Reddy’s and Alembic. Generic drug prices may decline dramatically as competitors seek to secure preferential utilization though the specialty pharmacy and hospital distribution channels in which parenteral prostacyclin products are sold. Other parenteral agents that utilize the prostacyclin pathway include parenteral iloprost and epoprostenol, which are marketed by multiple companies as generic and branded products. We expect United Therapeutics to continue to defend its leadership position vigorously through, among other actions, life cycle management, marketing agreements with third-party payors, and pharmacy benefits managers. In February 2021, United Therapeutics announced the commercial launch of the Remunity® pump for Remodulin, which uses a small subcutaneous pump for patients starting or on a stable dose of Remodulin and can use prefilled Remodulin cassettes. The Remunity pump also has a water-resistant casing, which may be considered more convenient than the CADD-MS 3 infusion pumps currently used to deliver treprostinil subcutaneously. United Therapeutics also maintains intellectual property that could lead to improved product profiles for a variety of PAH treatments, including using prodrugs of treprostinil to decrease site pain associated with subcutaneous delivery or extend the release profile of treprostinil. Similarly, Corsair Pharma, a former partner of United Therapeutics, is developing a prodrug and transdermal patch intended to provide continuous and consistent blood levels of treprostinil comparable to an infusion pump. Competition in PH-ILD Unlike PAH, there is less competition from competing products and mechanisms of action (“MOAs”) to treat PH-ILD patients. Inhaled treprostinil is the only approved treatment and route of delivery. In April 2021, United Therapeutics announced that Tyvaso was approved by FDA as the first and only treatment for patients with PH-ILD. Tyvaso DPI is also indicated to treat PH-ILD. We expect other programs to initiate trials given the very clear unmet needs of this patient group. ​ 18 Table of Contents Potential competition from products in development to treat PAH and/or PH-ILD We also expect continued development by competitors of clinically validated or novel MOAs that may be approved during the period of time that YUTREPIA and our product candidates, if approved, are being commercialized. The approval of some or any of these could change the treatment paradigm and impact the utilization of our products in the prostacyclin class. Specific products in later stage development include: • Ralinepag, a once-daily oral IP agonist, is being developed by United Therapeutics to treat PAH. In March 2026, United Therapeutics announced that the long-term pivotal phase 3 ADVANCE OUTCOMES study met its primary endpoint, reducing the risk of a clinical worsening event compared with placebo in patients with PAH.  United Therapeutics also stated that treatment with ralinepag was well-tolerated and the safety profile was consistent with known prostacyclin-related adverse events. • Treprostinil SMI, a version of inhaled treprostinil being developed by United Therapeutics as a soft mist inhaler (“SMI”). SMIs may be considered more convenient than nebulizers. First announced in February 2026, United Therapeutics has indicated that it will seek approval in the same indications for which Tyvaso is already approved (PAH and PH-ILD). United Therapeutics has announced that it intends to submit the program for FDA review in 2026 and that treprostinil SMI may also be developed for IPF and PPF if Tyvaso is approved for those indications. United Therapeutics has also indicated that it is planning a phase 2 study of treprostinil SMI to treat patients with PH-COPD. • Treprostinil Palmitil Inhalation Powder (“TPIP”), a once-daily, dry-powder formulation of a treprostinil prodrug, is being developed by Insmed to treat PAH and PH-ILD. Insmed has initiated pivotal studies in each disease with the purpose of seeking FDA approval. • Seralutinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor delivered as an inhaled dry-powder, is being developed by Gossamer to treat PAH and PH-ILD. Results released in February 2026 from a Phase 3 study in PAH did not meet the primary endpoint for improvement in six-minute walk distance, though the company states that clinically meaningful improvements were observed in patient sub-groups and secondary endpoints. Future development is uncertain at this time, but if successful, could be a second MOA to treat both PAH and PH-ILD. • Mosliciguat, a once-daily, inhaled sGC activator, is being developed by Pulmovant to treat PH-ILD, building on the body of knowledge from approved oral sGC stimulators in PAH. Pulmovant presented favorable data from a Phase 1 study demonstrating tolerability and a clinically meaningful reduction in pulmonary vascular resistance (“PVR”). Topline data from an on-going Phase 2 study is expected in the second half of 2026. A second Phase 2 study is being planned to evaluate mosliciguat in combination with inhaled treprostinil in PH-ILD. If future pivotal studies are successful, this would be a potential third MOA to treat PH-ILD. We are also aware of several other agents in clinical development that are exploring mechanisms of action which, if approved, could impact the standard of care for treating PAH and/or PH-ILD in the United States, including programs from Cereno Scientific, Novartis AG, and Forsee Pharmaceuticals among others. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we employed 216 employees. We have no collective bargaining agreements with our employees, and we have not experienced any work stoppages. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. We provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, development programs that enable continued learning and growth and a robust employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. 19 Table of Contents Facilities Our corporate headquarters is located in Morrisville, North Carolina, and consist of approximately 45,000 square feet of space under a lease that expires on December 31, 2031 and includes an option for us to renew the lease for an additional five years through December 31, 2036. The primary use of this location is general office, laboratory, research and development and light manufacturing. In June 2025, we entered into a lease for a second manufacturing and office space in Morrisville, North Carolina that consists of approximately 70,131 square feet of space. The lease expires on November 1, 2036, with the option to extend for two additional periods of five years each with appropriate notice. The lease is not expected to commence until late 2026. We will seek additional space as needed to accommodate our growth. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware on June 17, 2020. Our principal executive offices are located at 419 Davis Drive, Suite 100, Morrisville, North Carolina 27560 and our telephone number is (919) 328-4400. Our website is www.liquidia.com. The information on or that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider any such information as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. This Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of our filings under the Exchange Act, including copies of annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website on the date we file those materials with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Such filings are also available to the public on the internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level, the European Union, the United Kingdom and in other countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, (including manufacturing changes), quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing, export and import of products such as those we are developing. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Government Regulation in the United States United States Drug Development Process In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the “FDCA”), the Public Health Service Act (the “PHSA”) and the FDA’s implementing regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements in the United States at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. The process required by the FDA before a new drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: ● completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices regulations; ● submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug application (“IND”) which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin; ● approval by an independent institutional review board (“IRB”), data safety monitoring boards (“DSMBs”) or ethics committees (“ECs”) at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated or continued; 20 Table of Contents ● performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies according to Good Clinical Practice (“GCP”), regulations, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; ● preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA, containing the results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the drug product, proposed labeling and other relevant information, to request approval to market the drug product; ● satisfactory completion of FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with cGMP to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug’s identity, strength, quality and purity; ● satisfactory completion of FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity of clinical data; ● FDA review and approval of the NDA; ● payment of fees, including annual program fees for each drug product on the market; and ● ongoing compliance with any post approval requirements, including risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (“REMS”) and post approval study commitments or requirements by the FDA. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Once a pharmaceutical product candidate is identified for development, it enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity, formulation and stability, as well as animal studies. When a sponsor wants to proceed to test the product candidate in humans, it must submit an IND in order to conduct clinical trials. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature, to the FDA as part of the IND. The sponsor must also include a protocol detailing, among other things, the objectives of the initial clinical study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated if the initial clinical study lends itself to an efficacy evaluation. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions related to a proposed clinical study and places the study on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical study can begin. Clinical holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during clinical studies due to safety concerns or non-compliance, and may be imposed on all product candidates within a certain pharmaceutical class. The FDA also can impose partial clinical holds, for example, prohibiting the initiation of clinical studies of a certain duration or for a certain dose. All clinical studies must be conducted under the supervision of one or more qualified investigators in accordance with GCP regulations. These regulations include the requirement that all research subjects provide informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical study. Further, IRBs, DSMBs, or ECs must review and approve the plan for any clinical study before it commences at any institution, and the IRBs must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. IRBs, DSMBs, or ECs consider, among other things, whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical study are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRBs, DSMBs, or ECs also approve the information regarding the clinical study and the consent form that must be provided to each clinical study subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical study until completed. 21 Table of Contents Each new clinical protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted for FDA review, and to the IRBs, DSMBs, or ECs for approval. Protocols detail, among other things, the objectives of the clinical study, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety. Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health (“NIH”) for public dissemination on their ClinicalTrials.gov website. Human clinical studies are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: ● Phase 1. The product is initially introduced into a small number of healthy human subjects or patients and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product is suspected or known to be unavoidably toxic, the initial human testing may be conducted in patients. ● Phase 2. Involves clinical studies in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage and schedule. ● Phase 3. Clinical studies are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. These clinical studies are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical studies must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 testing may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, IRBs, DSMBs, or ECs can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study is not being conducted in accordance with the requirements of IRBs, DSMBs, or ECs or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. There are FDA-imposed limitations on communications about investigational drugs. The FDA prohibits companies from making promotional claims of safety or effectiveness of the drug for a use for which it is under investigation, and from “commercialization” of the drug before it is approved for commercial marketing and distribution, and otherwise regulates communications about products in clinical trials. FDA law prohibits “misbranding” of drugs and establishes related rules and policies on communications about promotional and non-promotional (educational, scientific) communications. Interactions with or communications directed to healthcare professionals (“HCPs”), patients or patient- or disease-advocates or advocacy groups, and payors, are subject to heightened scrutiny by the FDA. Relative to non-promotional communications, for example, there are specific and limited FDA accommodations for non-promotional, truthful and non-misleading sharing of information regarding products in development and off-label uses including dissemination of peer-reviewed reprints, support of independent continuing medical education (“CME”) and healthcare economic discussions with payors. In a competitive environment, a company’s communications about products in development may also be subject to heightened scrutiny. Concurrent with clinical studies, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 22 Table of Contents United States Review and Approval Processes Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical studies, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the drug, proposed labeling and other relevant information, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA for a new drug, requesting approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA is subject to the payment of a substantial application user fee although a waiver of such fee may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. For example, the agency will waive the application fee for the first human drug application that a small business or its affiliate submits for review. The sponsor of an approved NDA is also subject to annual program user fees. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003 (“PREA”) an NDA application (or a supplement to an application) for a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration must contain a Pediatric Assessment. If so, the submission must contain data from pediatric studies that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective, unless the applicant has obtained a waiver or deferral. PREA applies only to products developed for diseases that occur in both adult and pediatric populations, and generally does not apply to products with Orphan Drug Designation or to ANDAs for generic drugs. A sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug product that is subject to the PREA requirements must submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan (“PSP”). The FDA encourages all applications to submit the PSP as soon as possible in the drug development process, and to discuss the plan with FDA at critical points in the development process. For products intended for life-threatening or severely debilitating illnesses, applicants are encouraged to discuss the PSP at the Pre-IND meeting and End-of-Phase 1 meeting. For products not intended for such illnesses, the FDA recommends that sponsors submit and discuss the PSP no later than the End-of-Phase 2 (“EOP2”) meeting. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early phase clinical studies or other clinical development programs. The sponsor may submit a request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. It is critical that sponsors are in compliance with the PREA, as non-compliance may result in the FDA considering the drug product misbranded solely on that basis. The FDA also may require submission of a REMS to mitigate any identified or suspected serious risks. The REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans and elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries or other risk minimization tools. The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted to ensure that they are sufficiently complete for substantive review before it accepts them for filing. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an application for filing. In this event, the application must be re-submitted with the additional information. The re-submitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use, which includes assessment of preclinical and clinical data; proposed labeling; chemistry, manufacturing, and control (“CMC”) data; and an assessment of whether the manufacturing processes and facilities meet the appropriate requirements and comply with the applicable regulations (including cGMP requirements and adequate assurance for consistent commercial production of the product within required specifications). There are numerous FDA personnel assigned to review different aspects of an NDA, exercising judgment, discretion, and interpretation of data relative to the review process. 23 Table of Contents The FDA may approve an NDA only if, among other things, the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture processing, packing and testing of the product are adequate to ensure and preserve its identity, strength, quality and purity. Before approving an NDA, the FDA often will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is or will be manufactured. The FDA may refer the NDA to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. An advisory committee is a panel of experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, who provide advice and recommendations when requested by the FDA. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure clinical data supporting the submission were developed in compliance with GCP. The approval process is lengthy and difficult, and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, or may require additional preclinical, clinical or CMC data or other data and information. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical studies, as well as other types of supporting data, are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than an applicant interprets the same data. After the FDA’s evaluation of an application, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter to indicate that the review cycle is complete and that the application is not ready for approval. A complete response letter generally contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met to secure final approval of the application and may require additional clinical or preclinical testing for the FDA to reconsider the application. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical studies. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the application, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application, or request an opportunity for a hearing. Even with submission of additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions have been met to the FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical studies, to further assess safety and effectiveness after approval and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. New Drug Applications Drug products may obtain FDA marketing approval pursuant to an NDA (described above) for innovator products, or an ANDA for generic products. Relevant to ANDAs, the U.S. Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the “Hatch-Waxman Act”) amended the FDCA to establish a statutory procedure for submission and FDA review and approval of ANDAs for generic versions of branded drugs previously approved by the FDA (such previously approved drugs are also referred to as reference listed drugs). Because the safety and efficacy of reference listed drugs have already been established by the brand company (sometimes referred to as the innovator), the FDA does not require 24 Table of Contents new human clinical trials to establish safety and efficacy of generic products. Rather, a generic manufacturer is typically required to conduct bioequivalence studies of its test product against the reference listed drug. The bioequivalence studies for orally administered, systemically available drug products assess the rate and extent to which the active pharmaceutical ingredient is absorbed into the bloodstream from the drug product and becomes available at the site of action. Bioequivalence is established when there is an absence of a significant difference in the rate and extent for absorption of the generic product and the reference listed drug. For some drugs, including locally acting drugs such as topical anti-fungals, other means of demonstrating bioequivalence may be required by the FDA, especially where rate and/or extent of absorption are difficult or impossible to measure. In addition to the bioequivalence data, an ANDA must contain patent certifications and chemistry, manufacturing, labeling and stability data. A third alternative for obtaining FDA marketing approval is a special type of NDA, commonly referred to as a 505(b)(2) NDA, which enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA’s findings of safety and efficacy of an existing product, or published literature, in support of its application. 505(b)(2) NDAs often provide an alternate path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The applicant may rely upon the FDA’s findings with respect to certain preclinical or clinical studies conducted for an approved product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or measurements to support the change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all or some of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant. In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA certain patents of the applicant or that are held by third parties whose claims cover the applicant’s product. Upon approval of an NDA, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (the “Orange Book”). Any subsequent applicant who files an ANDA seeking approval of a generic equivalent version of a drug listed in the Orange Book or a 505(b)(2) NDA referencing a drug listed in the Orange Book must make one of the following certifications to the FDA concerning patents: (1) the patent information concerning the reference listed drug product has not been submitted to the FDA; (2) any such patent that was filed has expired; (3) the date on which such patent will expire; or (4) such patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed upon by the manufacture, use or sale of the drug product for which the application is submitted. This last certification is known as a paragraph IV certification. A notice of the paragraph IV certification must be provided to each owner of the patent that is the subject of the certification and to the holder of the approved NDA to which the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application refers. The applicant may also elect to submit a “section viii” statement certifying that its proposed label does not contain (or “carves out”) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent.  An application with a section viii statement or carve out may be approved if the removal of language from the label necessitated by the carve out does not make the generic drug less safe or effective. If the reference NDA holder or patent owners assert a patent challenge directed to one of the Orange Book listed patents within 45 days of the receipt of the paragraph IV certification notice, the FDA is prohibited from approving the application until the earlier of 30 months from the receipt of the paragraph IV certification expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant. The ANDA or 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity has expired as described in further detail below. Thus approval of a 505(b)(2) NDA or ANDA can be prevented until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired, until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, has expired, and, in the case of a paragraph IV certification and subsequent patent infringement suit, until the earlier of 30 months, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA or 505(b)(2) applicant. The FDA may issue tentative approval of an application if the application meets all conditions for approval but cannot receive effective approval because the listed patents, the 30-month stay or another period of regulatory exclusivity, as applicable, has not expired. If tentative approval is granted, then once such listed patents, 30-month stay or other regulatory exclusivity have expired or, in the case of patents that are subject to a patent infringement suit, been found to be invalid or not infringed, the applicant may seek final approval by submitting an amendment that, among other things, 25 Table of Contents includes a safety update and any other changes, if any, in the conditions under which the product was tentatively approved. Prior to granting final approval, the FDA must review and approve any changes reflected in the amendment and may consider any other new information that has come to its attention. An amendment requesting final approval is generally subject to either a 2-month or 6-month review cycle, depending on the information submitted in the amendment. Combination Products Medical products containing a combination of drugs, biological products, or medical devices may be regulated as “combination products” in the United States. A combination product generally is defined as a product comprised of components from two or more regulatory categories, such as drug/device, device/biologic or drug/biologic. The term combination product includes: (i) a product comprised of two or more regulated components (i.e., drug/device, biologic/device, drug/biologic or drug/device/biologic, that are physically, chemically or otherwise combined or mixed and produced as a single entity); (ii) two or more separate products packaged together in a single package or as a unit and comprised of drug and device products, device and biological products or biological and drug products; (iii) a drug, device or biological product packaged separately that according to its investigational plan or proposed labeling is intended for use only with an approved individually specified drug, device or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication or effect and where upon approval of the proposed product the labeling of the approved product would need to be changed, such as to reflect a change in intended use, dosage form, strength, route of administration, or significant change in dose; or (iv) any investigational drug, device or biological product packaged separately that according to its proposed labeling is for use only with another individually specified investigational drug, device, or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication or effect. Each constituent part of a combination product is subject to the requirements established by the FDA for that type of constituent part, whether a new drug, biologic or device. In order to facilitate pre-market review of combination products, the FDA designates one of its centers to have primary jurisdiction for the pre-market review and regulation of the overall product based upon a determination by FDA of the primary mode of action of the combination product, and typically one application, such as for a drug/device combination product assigned to the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (“CDER”) an NDA, will be made. A device with the primary purpose of delivering or aiding in the delivery of a drug and distributed containing a drug (i.e., a “prefilled delivery system”) is typically evaluated by CDER using drug authorities and device authorities, as necessary. A device with the primary purpose of delivering or aiding in the delivery of a drug and that is distributed without the drug (i.e., unfilled) is typically evaluated by the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health and CDER, respectively, unless the intended use of the two products, through labeling, creates a combination product. The FDA has indicated that dry powder inhalers, such as our lead product candidate, YUTREPIA, are drug/device combination products.  L606 is also classified as a drug/device combination as it relies on the use of nebulizer.  Both YUTREPIA and L606 will seek approval by way of the NDA process by CDER as their primary mode of action is their drug component. Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These expedited review programs are referred to as fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation and priority review designation. The FDA has published a final Guidance for Industry titled “Expedited Programs for Serious Conditions-Drugs and Biologics” which provides guidance on the FDA programs that are intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new product candidates as well as threshold criteria generally applicable to concluding that a product candidate is a candidate for these expedited development and review programs. 26 Table of Contents The FDA may designate a product for fast track review if it is intended, whether alone or in combination with one or more other products, for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and it demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. For fast track products, sponsors may have greater interactions with the FDA and the FDA may initiate review of sections of a fast track product’s application before the application is complete. This rolling review may be available if the FDA determines, after preliminary evaluation of clinical data submitted by the sponsor, that a fast track product may be effective. The sponsor must also provide, and the FDA must approve, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the sponsor must pay applicable user fees. However, the FDA’s time period goal for reviewing a fast track application does not begin until the last section of the application is submitted. In addition, the fast track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. The FDA may designate a product as a breakthrough therapy if it is intended, either alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The FDA may take certain actions with respect to breakthrough therapies, including holding meetings with the sponsor throughout the development process, providing timely advice to the product sponsor regarding development and approval, involving more senior staff in the review process, assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the review team, and taking other steps to design the clinical trials in an efficient manner. The FDA may designate a product for priority review if it is a product that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The FDA determines, on a case-by-case basis, whether the proposed product represents a significant improvement when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased effectiveness in the treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting product reaction, documented enhancement of patient compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, and evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications, and to shorten the FDA’s goal for taking action on a marketing application from ten months to six months. Accelerated Approval Pathway The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a drug for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments based upon a determination that the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Drugs granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval. For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit, but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a measurement of a therapeutic effect that is considered reasonably likely to predict the clinical benefit of a drug, such as an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality. The FDA has limited experience with accelerated approvals based on intermediate clinical endpoints, but has indicated that such endpoints generally may support accelerated approval where the therapeutic effect measured by the endpoint is not itself a clinical benefit and basis for traditional approval, if there is a basis for concluding that the therapeutic effect is reasonably likely to predict the ultimate clinical benefit of a drug. The accelerated approval pathway is most often used in settings in which the course of a disease is long and an extended period of time is required to measure the intended clinical benefit of a drug, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint occurs rapidly. Thus, accelerated approval has been used extensively in the development and approval of drugs for treatment of a variety of cancers in which the goal of therapy is generally to improve survival 27 Table of Contents or decrease morbidity and the duration of the typical disease course requires lengthy and sometimes large trials to demonstrate a clinical or survival benefit. The accelerated approval pathway is contingent on a sponsor’s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the drug’s clinical benefit. As a result, a drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. In addition, the manufacturer of an investigational drug for a serious or life-threatening disease is required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on responding to requests for expanded access. Furthermore, fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, accelerated approval and priority review do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite the development or approval process. Post-Approval Requirements Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to extensive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping (including certain electronic record and signature requirements), periodic reporting, drug supply chain security surveillance and tracking requirements, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of certain adverse experiences, deviations and other problems with the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims are subject to prior FDA review and approval. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, there are also continuing, annual FDA “program fee” requirements for products once they are approved, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. The FDA strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion and other types of information on products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. Further, manufacturers must continue to comply with cGMP requirements, which are extensive and require considerable time, resources and ongoing investment to ensure compliance. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. Manufacturers and certain other entities involved in the manufacturing and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. The cGMP requirements apply to all stages of the manufacturing process, including the production, processing, sterilization, packaging, labeling, storage and shipment of the product. Manufacturers must establish validated systems to ensure that products meet specifications and regulatory standards and test each product batch or lot prior to its release. Combination products are subject to FDA regulation to ensure the quality of both the constituent parts and the finished product. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. The FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an application. For example, the FDA may require post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product’s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. 28 Table of Contents The FDA may withdraw a product approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, problems with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in restrictions on the product or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. Potential implications include required revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: ● restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; ● warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; ● refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; ● product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or ● injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. As a compliance best practice and risk mitigation measure, pharmaceutical companies typically train their sales force regarding the limitations on promotion of products relative to their approved indications for use and concerns regarding potential “off-label promotion.” However, a physician may use products off-label when, in the physician’s independent professional medical judgment, he or she deems it appropriate. Recent court decisions have impacted FDA’s enforcement activity regarding off-label promotion in the light of First Amendment considerations; however, there are still significant risks in this area in part due to the potential for False Claims Act exposure. The distribution of commercial prescription drugs is subject to the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (“DSCSA”), which regulates the distribution of the products at the federal level, and sets certain standards for federal or state registration and compliance of entities in the supply chain and regulation of manufacturers, repackagers, wholesale distributors, third-party logistics providers, and dispensers. The DSCSA preempts certain previously enacted state pedigree laws and upon taking effect superseded the pedigree requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act (“PDMA”). Trading partners within the drug supply chain must now ensure certain product tracing requirements are met, and are required to exchange transaction information, transaction history, and transaction statements. Product identifier information (an aspect of the product tracing scheme) is also now required. Many states still have in place licensure and other requirements for manufacturers and distributors of drug products. The distribution of product samples continues to be regulated under the PDMA, and some states also impose regulations on drug sample distribution. From time to time, legislation is drafted, introduced and passed in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products regulated by the FDA. In addition to new legislation, FDA regulations, guidance and policies are often revised or reinterpreted by the agency in ways that may significantly affect our business and our product candidates. It is impossible to predict whether further legislative or FDA regulation or policy changes will be enacted or implemented and what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. Patent Term Extension Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our United States patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension (“PTE”) under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits the extension of a patent term by up to five years as compensation for patent term 29 Table of Contents effectively lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, PTE cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for PTE. PTEs are not granted as a matter of right and must be applied for prior to expiration of the patent and within a sixty-day period from the date the product is first approved for commercial marketing. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”), in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any PTE. In the future, we may apply for PTEs, defined as the length of the regulatory review of products covered by our granted patents, for some of our currently owned or licensed applications and patents to add patent life beyond their current expiration dates. The length of such PTEs will depend on the length of the regulatory review; however, there can be no assurance that any such extension will be granted to us. Regulatory Exclusivity Regulatory, non-patent exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The specific scope varies, but fundamentally the FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent data exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity (“NCE”) if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the NCE exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year new clinical investigation marketing exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving applications for drugs containing the original active agent. This three-year new clinical investigation marketing exclusivity does not preclude submission of the ANDA or Section 505(b)(2) NDA for such a product but prevents the FDA from giving final approval to such product. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical studies necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Under the FDCA, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or, if it affects more than 200,000 individuals in the United States, there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process.  If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives either the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation or, if not the first FDA approval for such drug for the treatment of such disease or condition, such drug is clinically superior to any already approved or licensed drug that is the same drug for such disease or condition, the product is entitled to orphan product marketing exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biological product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity or inability to manufacture the product in sufficient quantities. The designation of such drug also entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different products for the indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity. If an orphan designated product receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be 30 Table of Contents entitled to orphan exclusivity. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Pediatric exclusivity is another type of exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, provides an additional six months to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity, including the non-patent exclusivity periods described above. This six-month exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric clinical study that “fairly responds” to an FDA-issued “Written Request” for such a clinical study. Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement In the United States, sales of any products for which we may receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors include government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any products for which we have or obtain regulatory approval. Some of the additional requirements and restrictions on coverage and reimbursement levels imposed by third-party payors influence the purchase of healthcare services and products. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drugs on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication, or place drugs at certain formulary levels that result in lower reimbursement levels. Moreover, a payor’s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Further, one payor’s determination to provide coverage does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for the product, and the level of coverage and reimbursement may differ significantly from payor to payor as there is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third-party payors.  In addition, payors may change their coverage and reimbursement with respect to any given product over time, so the fact that a drug product is covered at one point in time does not mean that it will continue to be covered or that other products will not be preferred in the future. Reimbursement may also impact the demand for drug products that obtain marketing approval. If coverage for a drug product is obtained by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Further, third party payors require onerous prior approvals or implement other forms of restricted access that make it difficult for patients to utilize our drug products. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Prescribing physicians are unlikely to use or prescribe drug products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of those drug products. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, a drug product which has obtained marketing approval may not be successfully commercialized. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. In order to obtain and maintain coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of any products, in addition to the costs required to obtain regulatory approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. The U.S. government and state legislatures have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and coverage and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. For example, U.S. federal 31 Table of Contents prosecutors have issued subpoenas to pharmaceutical companies seeking information about pricing practices in connection with an investigation into pricing practices being conducted by the DOJ. Several state attorneys general also have commenced drug pricing investigations and filed lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies, and the U.S. Senate has publicly investigated a number of pharmaceutical companies relating to price increases and pricing practices. Proposed legislation has been designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. Federal budget proposals have included measures to permit Medicare Part D plans to negotiate the price of certain drugs under Medicare Part B, to allow some states to negotiate drug prices under Medicaid, and to eliminate cost sharing for generic drugs for low-income patients. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Adoption of government controls and measures, and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could exclude or limit our drugs and product candidates from coverage and limit payments for pharmaceuticals. We continue to monitor the potential impact of proposals to lower prescription drug costs at the federal and state level, and anticipate that current and future U.S. federal and state legislative proposals may result in additional downward pressure on drug pricing and reimbursement, which could have a significant impact on our business. A manufacturer must participate in a federal program known as the 340B drug pricing program by entering into various programs for federal funds to be available to pay for the manufacturer’s drugs under Medicaid. The 340B program requires a participating manufacturer to charge certain federally funded clinics and safety net hospitals no more than an established discounted price for its covered outpatient drugs, per a formula defined by statute to determine the discounted price, which is based on the average manufacturer price (“AMP”) and the unit rebate amount as calculated under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, discussed further below. Manufacturers must report pricing information to CMS for the Health Resources and Services Administration (“HRSA”) on a quarterly basis. HRSA has also issued regulations relating to the calculation of the ceiling price as well as imposition of civil monetary penalties for each instance of knowingly and intentionally overcharging a 340B covered entity. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”), which includes certain new tax measures, was signed into law in August 2022. The IRA contains two main tax provisions, a new corporate alternative minimum tax imposed on certain corporations meeting average annual financial statement income of more than $1 billion during a three-year tax period, and an excise tax imposed upon share repurchases by certain publicly traded corporations. The IRA is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022; we are evaluating the provisions of the IRA but currently do not believe these provisions will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026 with a second-year list being announced for 2027), imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program, which began in 2025. Failure to comply with requirements under the drug price negotiation program or pay the identified rebates is subject to an excise tax and/or a civil monetary penalty. The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Certain legal challenges from pharmaceutical manufacturers and others in the industry continue, including challenges to the constitutionality and administrative implementation of the IRA’s drug price negotiation provisions. For these and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated and the impact of the IRA on the pharmaceutical industry and on generic drug pricing cannot yet be fully determined.  We cannot predict whether the IRA, in whole or in part, will be overturned, repealed, replaced, or amended. In addition, we expect that the increased emphasis on managed care and cost containment measures in the United States by third-party payors and government authorities to continue and will place pressure on pharmaceutical pricing and coverage. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 32 Table of Contents Other Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors often play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our drug products and products for which we may provide contracted promotional services to third parties. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare providers, physicians, third-party payors and customers, and our sales, marketing and educational activities, may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations (at the federal and state level) that may constrain our business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell, or distribute drug products. Among the laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate and may present risk to our business are those, at the federal and state level, on topics including: anti-kickback, false claims, and other healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse matters; drug pricing and price reporting; advertising, promotion, and other types of communications regarding pharmaceutical products; limitations on and transparency regarding financial relationships with healthcare professionals; and data privacy and security. See Item 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors have access to our confidential information. If the information technology systems of our third-party vendors become subject to disruptions or security breaches that compromise our confidential, proprietary or other business information (including personal data), we may incur liability and reputational damage but have insufficient recourse against such third parties. We will also have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such an event and develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. Further, despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks, breakdowns or other damages or disruptions from service interruptions, system malfunction, unauthorized access or use, natural and man-made disasters, geopolitical conflicts and telecommunications, power outages or other infrastructure failures. Although we currently hold cybersecurity insurance, the costs related to significant security breaches or disruptions could be material and cause us to incur significant expenses. Risks Related to our Common Stock Future sales of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. Our stock price could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. As of February 17, 2026, 88,114,429 shares of our common stock were outstanding, of which 80,207,199 shares of common stock, or 91.0% of our outstanding shares as of February 17, 2026, are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, provided however, some of these shares are held by persons deemed to be “affiliates” under the Securities Act, including our officers and directors, as well as our principal stockholders, and may not be sold except: (i) in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act or (ii) pursuant to any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The remaining 7,907,230 shares held by our stockholders as of February 17, 2026 have not been registered under the Securities Act and may be only be sold (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the sale of those shares, (ii) in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act or (iii) pursuant to any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act. Shares issued upon purchase under the ESPP or upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted stock units outstanding under our equity incentive plans or pursuant to future awards granted under those plans will become available for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of applicable vesting schedules, any 82 Table of Contents applicable market standoff and lock-up agreements, and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. We have registered the offer and sale of all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans, including the employee stock purchase plan. We expect that the market price of our common stock may be volatile, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The trading prices of the securities of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have been highly volatile. As such, the trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: ● the results of our efforts to commercialize YUTREPIA and any other product candidate we may develop, including L606, in the event we receive final approval from the FDA for such product candidate; ● results and timing of commencement or completion of any clinical trials of any product or product candidate we may develop, including YUTREPIA and L606, or those of our competitors; ● the success of Sandoz’s Treprostinil Injection to which we have commercial rights pursuant to the Promotion Agreement; ● the market acceptance of the RG Cartridge for the subcutaneous administration of Treprostinil Injection; ● whether we or Sandoz are able to identify and/or develop a new pump for the subcutaneous administration of Treprostinil Injection and obtain FDA clearance on a timely basis or at all; ● our cash resources; ● the approvals or success of competitive products or technologies; ● our ability to obtain and maintain approvals of our products, including YUTREPIA, and any product candidates we may develop, including L606, for marketing by the FDA or equivalent foreign regulatory authorities (and, if approved, the scope of the indications for which such product candidates are approved) or any failure to obtain such approvals; ● our involvement in and the outcome of significant lawsuits, such as stockholder litigation, litigation involving the FDA, or litigation related to intellectual property, including inter partes review proceedings, patent litigation with third parties which may hold intellectual property they assert against us, including the ongoing litigation in connection with the patents, trade secrets and confidential information that United Therapeutics has asserted against us, and patent litigation we assert against others, including the ongoing litigation that we have asserted against United Therapeutics; ● regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; ● developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights; ● the recruitment or departure of key personnel; ● the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs; ● the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates or products; ● actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; ● variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; ● changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; ● market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors and issuance of new or changed securities analysts’ reports or recommendations; ● general economic, industry and market conditions; and ● the other factors described in this “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners or suppliers now or in the future in order to avoid such tariffs, the terms of new agreements that we may enter into may not be favorable to us and related operational disruptions may heighten manufacturing and compliance risks and derail commercialization plans. The tariffs have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, the global markets and escalate tensions between the U.S. and other countries. We procure APIs, medical devices and other

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials from suppliers in South Korea, Taiwan, China, Italy and elsewhere. In addition, Sandoz currently procures treprostinil from a production facility in Canada. Tariffs imposed on or by one or more of these jurisdictions may increase our costs. The extent of the impact that such 53 Table of Contents tariffs, trade policies, or new legislation or regulations will have on our business specifically, or on the U.S. market and global economy generally, are uncertain and in the long term, unpredictable, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the increased tariffs could impact our ability to commercialize future drug candidates for the U.S. market, which is relevant to our ability to generate future revenues from these activities. As a result, the continued impact of these tariffs may impair our plans for further drug development in the U.S. market as well as our ability to generate revenues. The United States has also enacted regulations or policies that affect trade or otherwise impact the pharmaceutical industry by restricting U.S. pharmaceutical companies from contracting with certain countries for the development, research or manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. In December 2025, the BIOSECURE Act was signed into law as part of the National Defense Authorization Act, which restricts U.S. government agencies from purchasing or obtaining certain biotechnology equipment or services from “biotechnology companies of concern” (“BCC”); entering, extending or renewing a contract with any entity using biotechnology equipment or services provided by a BCC to perform a government contract; or granting government funds or loans for such biotechnology equipment or services provided by a BCC. While we do not currently anticipate any material impact from the BIOSECURE Act, it may have significant implications for U.S. companies with government contracts that obtain biotechnology equipment or services from a BCC, including contracts with the Department of Veterans Affairs, and any related impact on reimbursement under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. Further, executive orders were signed to implement Most Favored Nation drug pricing policies designed to align certain prescription drug prices in the U.S. to lower prices available in other countries. Investigations are being conducted to examine price differentials and consider policy approaches for implementation, including through administrative action. If such Most Favored Nation policies are implemented, changes to drug pricing are expected to affect the profitability of pharmaceutical and biotech companies in the U.S. as well as in other countries, as a price referencing policy to the U.S. market could make it commercially unviable to commercialize a drug product in a price constrained market. The details of the proposed policies are unclear and the final terms and impact remain uncertain, and may pose long-term risks to our business and our future commercialization plans of YUTREPIA and our other drug candidates. Any executive order, legislative action or potential sanctions on certain countries could materially impact our current manufacturing partners. See

