TICKER: LWAY
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, or our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, including those due to cybersecurity threats, wars or pandemics; and · the other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 1, “Business”,

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, customers, and service providers, over which we have limited control. Any material disruption to
our supply chain or competitive disadvantage resulting from third-party AI adoption could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY The consolidation of our customers or the
loss of any of our largest customers could negatively impact our sales and results of operations. Customers, such as supermarkets and food distributors,
continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced larger, more sophisticated organizations with increased negotiating and buying
power that are able to resist price increases or demand increased promotional programs, as well as operate with lower inventories, decrease
the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products, all of which could negatively impact our business.
The consolidation of retail customers also increases the risk that a significant adverse impact on their business could have a corresponding
material adverse impact on our business. 14 Two of our customers together accounted for 24%
of our net sales in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Where we enter into written agreements with our customers, they are generally
terminable after short notice periods by the customer. In addition, our customers sometimes award contracts based on competitive bidding,
which could result in lower profits for contracts we win and the loss of business for contracts we lose. The loss of any large customer,
the reduction of purchasing levels, or the cancellation of any business from a large customer for an extended period of time could negatively
affect our sales and results of operations. We rely on sales made by or through our independent
distributors to customers. Distributors purchase directly for their own account for resale. The loss of, or business disruption at, one
or more of these distributors may harm our business. If we are required to obtain additional or alternative distribution agreements or
arrangements in the future, we cannot be certain that we will be able to do so on satisfactory terms or in a timely manner. Our inability
to enter into satisfactory distribution agreements may inhibit our ability to implement our business plan or to establish markets necessary
to expand the distribution of our products successfully. We are subject to the risk of product contamination
and product liability claims, which could harm our reputation, force us to recall products and incur substantial costs. The sale of food products for human consumption
involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, inadvertent mislabeling,
product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced
during the storage, processing, handling or transportation phases. We also may be subject to liability if our products or production processes
violate applicable laws or regulations, including environmental, health, and safety requirements, or in the event our products cause injury,
illness, or death. Under certain circumstances, we may be required
to recall or withdraw products, suspend production of our products, or cease operations, which may lead to a material adverse effect on
our business. In addition, customers may cancel orders for such products as a result of such events. Even if a situation does not necessitate
a recall or market withdrawal, and even if we and each of our co-packers and suppliers comply in all material respects with all applicable
laws and regulations, we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful
or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or physical harm, including
the risk of reputational harm being magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the Internet, including
through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media, could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers
and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover, claims or liabilities of this type might not be covered by our insurance or
by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. We maintain product liability and product recall insurance
in amounts that we believe to be adequate. However, we cannot be sure that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not
insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a
material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. We rely on independent certification for several of our products
and facilities. We rely on independent certification, such as
certifications of our products as “organic,” or “gluten-free,” to differentiate our products from others. The
loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as a probiotic-based product and natural, “better
for you” foods company, which could harm our business. We rely on independent SQF certification at some of our facilities, a certification
that some of our customers require us to maintain. We must comply with the requirements of independent
organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified. For example, we can lose our “organic”
certification if a

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials; · identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture partners and accurately assess their value, growth potential, strengths, weaknesses, contingent and other liabilities, and potential profitability; · negotiate acquisitions and joint ventures on terms acceptable to us; and · integrate acquired brands, products, or joint ventures into our company and our business strategy. 7 If we fail to execute these and other important
elements of our business strategy, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. One key element of our business strategy is to
introduce timely, new, cost-effective, and appealing products and to innovate successfully within our existing product categories. However,
consumer tastes and preferences change rapidly, and evolve over time. Factors that may affect consumer tastes and preferences include: · dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values, such as the sugar, fat, protein, fiber or calorie content of different foods and beverages; · concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients, such as sugar, other sweeteners, dairy, soybeans, nuts, oils, vitamins, fiber and minerals; · concerns regarding the public health consequences associated with obesity, particularly among young people; · decisions by yogurt and non-dairy beverage manufacturers to mislabel their products as “kefir” in order to benefit from our branding and marketing efforts, a marketing ploy that can cause significant confusion and misunderstanding among consumers; and · increased awareness of the environmental and social effects of food processing. Our future investments may not produce the results
we expect when we expect them for a variety of reasons including those described herein. Our future product development and innovation
will be reliant on our ability to identify and develop potential new growth opportunities. This process is inherently risky and will result
in investments of substantial time and resources for which we may not achieve any return or value. Successful product development and
innovation is also affected by our ability to launch new or improved products successfully and on a timely and cost-effective basis. We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue
equity, equity-linked, or debt securities to fund our business strategy, or may be unable to fund that strategy. Any of these events could
adversely affect our financial results and our business. We could experience similar effects if we invest resources in a strategy that
ultimately proves unsuccessful. If, due to a failure of our strategy or any other reason, consumer demand for our products declines, our
sales volumes, results of operations, and our business could be negatively affected, and we may not be able to create or sustain growth
or successfully implement our business strategy. Interruption of our supply chain could affect
our ability to manufacture or distribute products, could adversely affect our business and sales, and/or could increase our operating
costs and capital expenditures. We have several supply agreements with suppliers
and co-packers that require them to provide us with certain ingredients, packaging, other inputs, and finished goods. For certain items,
we rely on a single supplier or co-packer as our sole source for the item. Our suppliers and co-packers are subject to risk, including
labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general
economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable product. Although other sources
are available for these items, if our current sources are unable to fulfill our needs for any reason, we may not be able to timely engage
a replacement source that can timely provide us with acceptable products or on terms favorable to us or at all, which could disrupt our
ability to manufacture and distribute products. Such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial
condition or results of operations. 8 Disruption of our manufacturing or distribution
chains or information technology systems, including disruption due to cybersecurity threats, could adversely affect our business. The success of our business depends, in part,
on maintaining a strong manufacturing platform and we rely primarily on internal production resources to fulfill our manufacturing needs.
Our ongoing initiatives to expand our manufacturing platform and our productive capacity could fail to achieve such objectives and, in
any case, could increase our operating costs beyond our expectations and could require significant additional capital expenditures. If
we cannot maintain sufficient production, warehousing, and distribution capacity, either internally or through third party agreements,
we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing, distribution, and warehousing costs may increase, which could negatively
affect our business. Furthermore, damage or disruption to our manufacturing
or distribution capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire, environmental incident, terrorism, cybersecurity threats and other
security breaches, pandemic, strikes, the financial or operational instability of key distributors, warehousing, and transportation providers,
or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. We rely on a limited number of production and
distribution facilities. A disruption in operations at any of these facilities or any other disruption in our supply chain relating to
common carriers, supply of raw materials and finished goods, or otherwise, whether as a result of casualty, natural disaster, power loss,
telecommunications failure, cybersecurity threat, terrorism, labor shortages, contractual disputes or other causes, could significantly
impair our ability to operate our business and adversely affect our relationship with our customers. Furthermore, our insurance coverage
may not be adequate to cover all related costs. Our information technology systems are also critical
to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. These systems include, without
limitation, networks, applications, and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information
technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies,
and sales losses, causing our business to suffer. In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption
from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, natural disasters, systems failures, and cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity threats
in particular are persistent, evolve quickly and include, without limitation, computer viruses, unauthorized attempts to access information,
denial of service attacks, and other electronic security breaches. Like our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties
with whom we do business generally, we expect that we will continue to be the subject of cybersecurity threats. In some cases, we must
rely on the safeguards put in place by the third parties with whom we do business to protect against security threats. We believe we have
implemented appropriate measures and controls and have invested in sufficient resources to appropriately identify and monitor these threats
and mitigate potential risks, including risks involving our customers and suppliers. However, there can be no assurance that any such
actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity breaches, disruptions to mission critical systems, the unauthorized release of sensitive
information or corruption of data, or harm to facilities or personnel. These threats and other events could disrupt our
operations, or the operations of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties; could require significant management
attention and resources; could result in the loss of business, regulatory actions and potential liability; and could negatively impact
our reputation among our customers and the public. Any of these outcomes could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results
of operations, or liquidity. Our debt and financial obligations could
adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to obtain future financing, and our ability to operate our business. Although the Company does not have any indebtedness
outstanding as of December 31, 2025, the Company may incur indebtedness in the future. Outstanding debt obligations could adversely affect
our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, from time to time, we may
need additional financing to support our business and pursue our business strategy, including strategic acquisitions. Our ability to obtain
additional financing, if and when required, will depend on our operating performance, the condition of the capital markets, and other
factors. We cannot assure that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we raise additional
funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked, or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges
senior to those of our common stock, and, in the case of equity and equity-linked securities, our existing stockholders may experience
dilution. 9 As of December 31, 2025, we had $0 outstanding
under the Revolving Credit Facility. Our loan agreement contains certain restrictions and requirements that among other things: · require us to maintain a quarterly fixed charge coverage ratio and minimum working capital ratio; · limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes; · limit our future ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all; · limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions or in funding our strategic growth plan; and · impose on us financial and operational restrictions. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations
will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by the other

