TICKER: MD
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains and create significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. For example, our operating results were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic beginning in mid-March 2020, but volumes began to normalize in May 2020 and substantially recovered during the months of June 2020 through December 2020. A future pandemic or outbreak, and any government response thereto, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and the trading prices of our securities, and could heighten many of the other risks associated with our business and indebtedness, including those described in this Form 10-K. Risks Related to Governmental Changes and the Healthcare Regulatory Environment Potential healthcare reform efforts may have a significant effect on our business. We could be affected by potential changes to healthcare laws, rules and regulations, including changes to subsidies, healthcare insurance marketplaces and Medicaid expansion and contraction. All federal and state government health care programs, including for example Medicare, Medicaid and the ACA, may be subject to change as a result of political, legislative, regulatory, and administrative developments, as well as judicial proceedings. The current administration and Republican-controlled Congress may result in significant changes in, and have resulted in uncertainty with respect to, legislation, regulation, implementation or repeal of laws and rules related to government health programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Further, efforts by the second Trump Administration to limit federal agency budgets or personnel may result in program cuts and reductions to agency budgets, employees, and operations, which could result in increased costs or other negative impacts on our business that are difficult to predict. In addition, the staff of an executive administrative agency created by the second 28 Trump Administration was provided access to key payment and contracting systems at CMS to look for opportunities for improving efficiency and to identify fraud and ineffective use of resources. State governments, including Florida, have implemented similar initiatives focused on improving efficiency and identifying fraud in state healthcare programs. While we cannot predict the actions of the current administration or state governments, there is a possibility that changes may be made to CMS and/or state-level spending, which could ultimately affect our financial condition and results of operation. While there have been multiple attempts to repeal or amend the ACA through legislative action and legal challenges, legislative attempts to completely repeal the ACA have been unsuccessful to date. Most recently, on June 27, 2025, the United States Supreme Court issued its decision in Braidwood Management v. Becerra , upholding the ACA’s requirement that private health plans cover certain preventive services recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force without cost sharing and rejecting the plaintiffs' claims that the requirements is unconstitutional and violated the plaintiffs' rights under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. There may be additional future challenges to the ACA and the impact of such challenges, if any, on our business are uncertain. Changes resulting from these proceedings, and any legislative or administrative change to the current healthcare financing system, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. The ACA provided premium tax credits to help make insurance more affordable for individuals and families with incomes between 100% and 400% of the federal poverty limit. The American Rescue Plan Act ("ARPA") enacted in March 2021, temporarily extended these tax credits to individuals with incomes above 400% of the federal poverty level and made the subsidy more generous for those below 400%. The ARPA tax credits were originally set to expire on January 1, 2023, but Congress through the Inflation Reduction Act, enacted in mid-2022, extended the expanded tax credits through December 31, 2025. While legislation to extend the ARPA tax credits has been introduced, no such extension has been adopted to date. Partially because of these changes, millions of people newly enrolled in health exchange plans. The enhanced premium subsidies lapsed on December 31, 2025, but further extensions remain subject to ongoing legislative consideration as of the date of this report. Due to the lapse in these tax credits, Americans will face much higher monthly premiums for ACA marketplace plans and many Americans could lose insurance coverage. This change could have a material impact on our business. The second Trump Administration may seek to advance changes to the U.S. healthcare system, including changes to the ACA that would eliminate or reduce certain subsidies, modify certain benefits and allow competition from short-term limited duration insurance products, all of which could result in fewer people with insurance, or fewer people with ACA compliant insurance, and these changes could have a material impact on our business. In addition to the ACA, there could be changes to other GHC Programs, such as a change to the Medicaid program design or Medicaid coverage and reimbursement rates set forth under federal or state law. For example, on July 4, 2025, President Trump signed into law the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which reforms the Medicaid program by eliminating certain financial incentives for states that have expanded their Medicaid programs under the ACA, imposing work requirements on certain adult beneficiaries, and requiring states to increase patient cost-sharing amounts for certain services. These reforms to the Medicaid program could have a material impact on our business. Historically, Congress and the Trump Administration sought to convert Medicaid into a block grant or to institute per capita spending caps, among other things. These changes, if implemented, could eliminate the guarantee that everyone who is eligible and applies for Medicaid benefits would receive them and could potentially give states new authority to restrict eligibility, cut benefits and/or make it more difficult for people to enroll. Additionally, several states are considering and pursuing changes to their Medicaid programs, such as requiring recipients to engage in employment or education activities as a condition of eligibility for most adults, disenrolling recipients for failure to pay a premium, or adjusting premium amounts based on income. Many states have transitioned a substantial portion of their Medicaid program beneficiaries into Managed Medicaid Plans, which are administered by commercial insurance companies. Managed Medicaid Plans have some flexibility to set rates for providers, but many states require minimum provider rates in their contracts with such plans. Each year, CMS releases the annual Medicaid Managed Care Rate Development Guide which provides federal baseline rules for setting reimbursement rates in managed care plans. We could be affected by lower reimbursement rates in some or all of the Managed Medicaid Plans with which we participate. We could also be materially impacted 29 if we are dropped from the provider network in one or more of the Managed Medicaid Plans with which we currently participate. In Florida, more than 75% of the Medicaid population participates in a Managed Medicaid Plan, with even higher participation rates for children. In response to the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency (“PHE”), Congress passed the Family First Coronavirus Response Act, which provided state Medicaid programs a 6.2 percentage point increase in the Federal Medical Assistance Percentage (“FMAP”) if states meet certain maintenance of eligibility (“MOE”) requirements that ensure continuous coverage for current enrollees. As a result, all Medicaid beneficiaries were continuously enrolled in Medicaid during much of the COVID-19 PHE. Legislation enacted in late 2022 phased down the FMAP increase from April 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. To continue receiving the increased FMAP during that transition period, states were required to conduct Medicaid eligibility redeterminations and renewals beginning April 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, there will be no additional increase in FMAP. More than 13 million people enrolled in Medicaid lost coverage as a result of these changes, and more disenrollments are expected. This change could have a material impact on our business. Moreover, certain potentially material changes seem likely with respect to government reimbursement and the healthcare industry in general. For instance, the 2024 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule Final Rule decreased the 2024 conversion factor (i.e., the amount Medicare pays per relative value unit (wRVU)) by nearly 3.4% from the 2023 amount. Congress enacted legislation to moderate some of these cuts, but Medicare payments to physicians still decreased in 2024. For 2025, the conversion factor was decreased by 2.93%, further reducing reimbursement amounts for physician services. The 2026 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule Final Rule increased the conversion factor for qualifying alternative payment model participants (“QPs”) by approximately 3.77% and increased the conversion factor for physicians and other practitioners who are not QPs by 3.26% compared with 2025 levels. However, if the conversion factor is reduced again in the future, Medicare payments to physicians may again decrease. These reductions adversely affect reimbursement for physician services and could also negatively impact other GHC Program reimbursement and commercial payor reimbursement. These changes could materially impact our business. We cannot predict with any assurance the ultimate effect of these laws and resulting changes to payments under GHC Programs, nor can we provide any assurance that they will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Further, any fiscal tightening impacting GHC Programs or changes to the structure of any GHC Programs could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. COVID-19 necessitated the delivery of certain healthcare services remotely via telehealth, which is subject to extensive federal and state regulation, as well as temporary waivers tied to the COVID-19 public health emergency, and certain flexibilities afforded to the provision and reimbursement of telehealth have been and may continue to be rolled back. In an effort to address shelter-in-place, quarantine, executive order or related measures to combat the spread of COVID-19, as well as the perceived need by individuals to continue such practices to avoid infection and to provide safe access to care for our patients, we converted certain in-person visits to telehealth visits and have continued to provide services in this manner. There is significant variation in demand, consumer acceptance, and market adoption of telehealth services. The provision of telehealth is largely regulated at the state level and can include, among other things, variations in the definition of telehealth, physician/patient relationship requirements, informed consent for telehealth services, licensure, scope of practice, covered modalities, electronic prescribing, coverage and reimbursement, and privacy and security requirements. Our ability to conduct telehealth services and provide medical services in a particular jurisdiction is directly dependent upon the applicable laws governing remote healthcare, the practice of medicine and healthcare delivery in general in such location, which are subject to changing political, regulatory and other influences. While numerous federal agencies released waivers to ease regulatory obstacles to the adoption of telehealth, many of these waivers do not override applicable state laws. States have adopted waivers as well but differ in the scope and application of such waivers and also on the time period the waiver is available. Many state waivers in relation to COVID-19 have already expired. On a federal level, CMS created flexibilities for the provision and reimbursement of telehealth for Medicare beneficiaries during the COVID-19 PHE. While some of these flexibilities have been permanently extended, others have been temporarily extended through December 31, 2027. If Congress or a federal agency does not act to again extend these flexibilities, they could expire, and these changes could materially impact our business. 30 Evolving interpretations and acceptance of telehealth by medical boards, state attorneys general and other regulatory or administrative bodies require us to monitor our compliance with law in every jurisdiction in which we operate, on an ongoing basis, and we cannot provide assurance that our activities and arrangements, if challenged, will be found to be in compliance with the law. Monitoring regulatory changes at the federal and state levels has and will continue to incur costs for us and may result in making changes to our business operations to ensure continued compliance. Challenges also exist with respect to coverage and reimbursement of telehealth services by both commercial and governmental payors. Unless Congress enacts permanent telehealth coverage, the flexibilities and additional billing codes that are currently available will not be available indefinitely. If telehealth services achieve coverage, there is no guarantee that reimbursement will be equivalent to in-person care and may negatively impact our financial condition. Individual and healthcare industry concerns or negative publicity regarding patient confidentiality and privacy in the context of telehealth could limit market acceptance of our healthcare services when delivered remotely. If any of these events occur, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our securities. The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (“MACRA”) and potential changes to it may have an adverse effect on our business. MACRA contains numerous measures that could affect us, including, requirements that physicians participate in quality measurement programs that differentiate payments to physicians under Medicare based on quality and cost of care, rather than the quantity of procedures performed. The Merit-based Incentive Payment System (“MIPS”) allows eligible physicians to receive incentive payments based on the achievement of certain quality and cost metrics, among other measures, and be reduced for those who are underperforming against those same metrics and measures. We currently anticipate that our affiliated physicians will continue to be eligible to receive bonus payments in 2026 through participation in the MIPS, although the amounts of such bonus payments are not expected to be material. We will continue to operationalize the provisions of MACRA and assess any further changes to the law or additional regulations enacted pursuant to the law. We cannot predict with any assurance the ultimate effect of MACRA and resulting changes to payments under GHC Programs, nor can we provide any assurance that they will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Further, any fiscal tightening impacting GHC Programs or changes to the structure of any GHC Programs could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. The Transparency in Coverage Final Rule, which requires certain health plans and issuers to publish pricing information on in-network and out-of-network providers and make price comparison and cost-sharing information available to insureds, could have a material impact on our business. The Transparency in Coverage Final Rule, published November 12, 2020, aims to put health pricing information into the hands of consumers and allow them to select their providers based, in part, on cost. The final rule was phased in between July 2022 and January 2024 and imposed two main requirements. First certain health plans and insurers are required to publish on a public website machine-readable files containing information on their in-network negotiated rates, billed charges and allowed amounts paid for out-of-network providers, and the negotiated rate and historical net price for prescription drugs. Second certain health plans and issuers must report to their covered members, through a self-service pricing tool, certain pricing information (including the in-network rate and out-of-network allowed amounts) and cost-sharing obligations for all covered items and services. These requirements remain subject to change, and we cannot predict how the availability of this health pricing information may impact our business operations and patient volumes. Moreover, Congress is considering legislation that imposes additional transparency requirements on providers. For example, in January 2026, the White House released information on the “Great Healthcare Plan.” This plan would increase transparency requirements for health insurers, cut payments to pharmacy benefit managers, and expand the use of health savings accounts. If patients choose to use services of less costly providers, we could see a reduction in patient volumes or decide to reduce the prices of our services to compensate, either of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. State budgetary constraints and the uncertainty over the future of Medicaid could have an adverse effect on our reimbursement from Medicaid programs . 31 The ACA allowed states to expand their Medicaid programs through federal payments that fund most of the cost of increasing the Medicaid eligibility income limit from a state’s historic eligibility levels to 133% of the federal poverty level. As of December 31, 2025, 40 states, and the District of Columbia, adopted the expansion of Medicaid eligibility. All of the states in which we operate, however, already cover children in the first year of life and pregnant women if their household incomes are at or below 133% of the federal poverty level. If states that expanded Medicaid reduce or eliminate eligibility for certain individuals, the number of patients who are uninsured could increase. Some states may seek to maintain expanded eligibility and could offset the cost by further reducing payments to providers of services. In some states, we could experience delayed or reduced Medicaid payment for services furnished to program enrollees. Moreover, Democrats in Congress have sought to expand Medicaid or Medicaid-like coverage in states that have not yet expanded Medicaid. They also have sought to reduce payments to certain hospitals in some of these states. Should any of these changes take effect, we cannot predict with any assurance the ultimate effect to reimbursements for our services. Congress and the second Trump Administration may also seek substantial reforms to Medicaid and the ability of states to design Medicaid programs. In recent years, members of Congress have introduced a number of proposals intended to reform the Medicaid program by cutting or expanding coverage and available benefits, and the program is in a state of flux. Further, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act reformed the Medicaid program by imposing work requirements on certain adult beneficiaries, and requiring states to increase patient cost-sharing amounts for certain services, among other reforms. Any additional changes, if enacted, could reduce or eliminate eligibility for certain individuals or reduce payments to providers of services. As a result, we could experience an increase in the number of uninsured patients and delayed or reduced Medicaid payment for services furnished to program enrollees. In addition, many states are continuing to collect less tax revenue than they did historically and as a consequence continue to face budget shortfalls and underfunded pension and other obligations. Although shortfalls have been declining in more recent budgetary years, they are still significant by historical standards. The financial condition of the states in which we do business could lead to reduced or delayed funding for Medicaid programs and, in turn, reduced or delayed reimbursement for physician services, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Any changes to Medicaid eligibility, enrollment, financing or reimbursement could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Congress or states have, and may continue to, enact laws restricting the amount out-of-network providers of services can charge and recover for such services. In late 2020, Congress enacted legislation intended to protect patients from “surprise” medical bills when services are furnished by providers who are not in network with the patient’s insurer (the “No Surprises Act” or the “NSA”). Effective January 1, 2022, if a patient’s insurance plan is subject to the NSA, the patient generally may not be balance billed in excess of their plan’s in-network cost-sharing amount for the provision of emergency care rendered by an out-of-network provider at certain in-network or out-of-network facilities. The NSA also prohibits an out-of-network provider from balance billing a patient for the provision of non-emergency services rendered in connection with a patient’s visit at certain in-network facilities, unless, for certain services, the patient is notified in advance and provides consent to being balance billed in accordance with technical requirements set forth in the NSA. Notably, however, there are certain services for which a balance billing is always prohibited and consent to do so may never be obtained, including emergency medicine, anesthesia, pathology, radiology, laboratory, and neonatology services. Providers that violate these surprise billing prohibitions may be subject to enforcement action by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”), the U.S. Department of Labor, or by states, one or both of which may be tasked with investigating potential non-compliance as a result of patient complaints, as well as federal civil monetary penalties and any state-specific penalties. To that end, many states have similar legislation on this topic that continue to evolve. As noted above, under the NSA, patients may not be balance billed in excess of their in-network cost-sharing amount. Insurers are required to calculate the patient’s total cost-sharing amount pursuant to rules set forth in the NSA and its implementing regulations which, in some cases, can be calculated by reference to the applicable “qualifying payment amount” (or the “QPA,” which is generally defined as the median contracted rate in a specific area) for the 32 items or services furnished. Patient cost-sharing amounts for items and services subject to the NSA count toward the patient’s health plan deductible and out-of-pocket cost-sharing limits. For claims subject to the NSA, including many emergency care services, out-of-network providers (and facilities, in the emergency care context) are paid an initial payment by the plan. If a provider (or facility, in the emergency care context) receives a payment denial or is unsatisfied with the out-of-network rate paid by the plan and the parties are unable to resolve the dispute, either party can initiate an Independent Dispute Resolution (“IDR”) process, which is essentially an arbitration process whereby a certified IDR entity evaluates proposed offers from both the provider/facility and the plan and makes a determination based on several factors, including, but not limited to, the QPA. The outcome of each IDR dispute is generally binding on both the provider/facility and plan with respect to the particular claims at issue in that dispute but may not affect an insurer’s future offers of payment, though providers have had difficulty enforcing IDR awards against insurers. The NSA interim final rules establishing the IDR process have been subject to a series of legal challenges that resulted in the Eastern District of Texas vacating certain provisions of such rules and related guidance documents in 2023, with the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals affirming several of these holdings. In October 2023, CMS issued a proposed rule that included new provisions governing the IDR process. That and other rulemaking remains ongoing, and litigation related to the QPA also remains ongoing. The NSA balance billing prohibitions, coupled with the complexity and uncertainty of the IDR process, could limit the amount Pediatrix can charge and recover for items and services we furnish where we have not contracted with the patient’s insurer, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Moreover, these measures could affect our ability to contract with certain payors under historically similar terms and may cause (and the prospect of these changes may have caused) payors to terminate their contracts with us and our affiliated physician practices, further affecting our business, financial condition, operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. In addition to the balance billing prohibitions, the NSA also requires certain providers, including Pediatrix, and facilities, to develop and furnish a “Good Faith Estimate” (“GFE”) to individuals that details the expected charges for a scheduled item or service (although this requirement is currently only being partially enforced with respect to self-pay or uninsured patients). The GFE must include certain specific information such as, among other things, a detailed list of all items/services to be furnished and the amount the patient should be expected to pay for those items/services (which should not ultimately exceed $400 more than the estimated amount set forth on the GFE, or else patients can enter a designated arbitration process with the provider) and co-provider and co-facility cost estimates (though this requirement has not yet become enforceable). The GFE is also subject to certain highly technical formatting, timing, and dispute resolution requirements. The impact of the GFE requirements on the Company remains uncertain at this time, in part due to ongoing rulemaking around the NSA, as well as the delayed effective date of certain provisions of the GFE framework (as noted above related to co-providers and co-facilities and patients other than self-pay and uninsured), uncertainty around operational timeframes, potential penalties and patient reaction, among other things. Additionally, the NSA, as well as some of existing state laws, require providers and facilities to make certain disclosures and post certain signage advising patients of their rights under the NSA, as well as disclosures about expected charges (when seeking consent to balance bill or when furnishing a GFE). These requirements impose administrative burdens that could increase our cost of doing business and expose us to compliance risk. Expanding eligibility of GHC Programs could adversely affect our reimbursement. In February 2018, Congress reauthorized the Children’s Health Insurance Program (“CHIP”) through 2027. Changes to CHIP or the ACA’s expansion of Medicaid coverage could cause patients who otherwise would have participated in private healthcare insurance programs to participate in GHC Programs, or vice versa, or cause patients who otherwise would have been covered by CHIP or Medicaid to lose insurance coverage altogether. Additional reform efforts could change the eligibility requirements for Medicaid and for other GHC Programs, including CHIP, and could increase the number of patients who participate in such programs or the number of uninsured patients. In general, payments received from GHC Programs are substantially less than payments received from private healthcare insurance programs (managed care and other third-party payors). A shift in the mix of our payors from private healthcare insurance programs to government payors may result in an increase in our estimated provision for 33 contractual adjustments and uncollectibles and a corresponding decrease in our net revenue, as well as a significant reduction in our average reimbursement rates. Further, the Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the One Big Beautiful Bill Act will cut federal spending on Medicaid and CHIP benefits by $1 trillion, due in part to eliminating at least 10.5 million people from the programs by 2034. If Congress does not act to extend CHIP beyond 2027, or if Congress extends CHIP but substantially alters the current program, we could be adversely affected if children in states where we do business lose Medicaid coverage or payments for services furnished to these children are delayed or reduced. Government-funded programs, private insurers or state laws and regulations may limit, reduce or make retroactive adjustments to reimbursement amounts or rates. A significant portion of our net revenue is derived from payments made by GHC Programs, principally Medicaid, including the managed care plans under the Medicaid program. These government-funded programs, as well as private insurers, have been and may continue to be subject to changes, including increased use of managed care organizations, value-based purchasing, and new patient care models to control the cost, eligibility for, use and delivery of healthcare services as a result of budgetary constraints and cost containment pressures due to unfavorable economic conditions, rising healthcare costs and for other reasons, including those described above under Item 1. Business—“Government Regulation—Government Regulatory Requirements.” Federal and state legislatures or administrators of these government-funded programs and private insurers may attempt other measures to control costs, including bundling of services and denial of, or reduction in, reimbursement for certain services and treatments. In addition, increased consolidation among private insurers is resulting in fewer and larger third-party payors with increased negotiating power. As a result, payments from government programs or private payors may decrease significantly. In recent years, legislative and regulatory changes have resulted in limitations and reductions in payments to healthcare providers for certain services under the Medicare program. For example, Congress established automatic spending reductions under the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the “BCA”), resulting in a 2% reduction in Medicare payments that began in 2013 and extend through the first eleven months of the FY 2032 sequestration order. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, this reduction was temporarily suspended from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, with subsequent reductions to 1% from April 1, 2022 until June 30, 2022. The 2% reduction was then reinstated and has been in effect since June 30, 2022. In addition, as a result of ARPA, an additional Medicare payment reduction of up to 4% was to take effect in January 2022; however, Congress has repeatedly delayed implementation of this reduction until 2026. Further, the projected budget deficit associated with the One Big Beautiful Bill Act may trigger additional payment reductions, reducing Medicare spending by an estimated $45 billion, if Congress does not take action. Any downward adjustment in Medicare reimbursement rates may have a detrimental impact on our reimbursement rates not only for Medicare patients, but also for patients covered under Medicaid and other third-party payors, because a state’s Medicaid payments cannot exceed the payments it would have made had those patients been enrolled in traditional Medicare, and other third-party payors often base their reimbursement rates on a percentage of Medicare rates. It is difficult to predict whether, when or what other deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by Congress. We anticipate that the federal deficit will continue to place pressures on GHC Programs. Our business may also be materially affected by limitations on, or reductions in, reimbursement amounts or rates or elimination of coverage for certain individuals or treatments. Our business may also be materially affected by changes in medical codes for services that our affiliated clinicians provide if services under a new code are reimbursed at a lower rate. Moreover, because government-funded programs generally provide for reimbursements on a fee-schedule basis rather than on a charge-related basis, we generally cannot increase our revenue from these programs through increases in the amount we charge for our services. To the extent our costs increase, we may not be able to recover our increased costs from these programs, and cost containment measures and market changes in non-government-funded insurance plans have generally restricted our ability to recover, or shift to non-governmental payors, these increased costs. In addition, funds we receive from third-party payors are subject to audit with respect to the proper billing for physician and ancillary services and, accordingly, our revenue from these programs may be adjusted retroactively. Any retroactive adjustments to our reimbursement amounts could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. In addition, our agreements with certain third-party payors are terminable for various reasons. If an agreement with a third-party payor is terminated, we are generally required to seek reimbursement as an out-of-network provider. 34 In the event we attempt to balance-bill patients, we may be limited in our ability to do so by certain state and federal laws and regulations, as discussed above. As these laws and regulations continue to develop, it could incentivize certain third-party payors to cut rates and/or terminate agreements as a business strategy which could lower overall reimbursement to providers. Any reductions in reimbursement amounts could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Adverse economic developments in the United States could lead to a reduction in federal government expenditures, including GHC Programs in which we participate, primarily Medicaid. In addition, if at any time the federal government is not able to meet its debt payments unless the federal debt ceiling is raised, and legislation increasing the debt ceiling is not enacted, the federal government may stop or delay making payments on its obligations, including funding for government programs in which we participate, primarily Medicaid. Failure of the government to make payments under these programs could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Further, if a federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under Medicare and Medicaid, may be delayed. Similarly, if state government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. If the federal or state governments fail to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected. We may become subject to billing investigations by federal and state government authorities and private insurers. Federal and state laws, rules and regulations impose substantial penalties, including criminal and civil fines, monetary penalties, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and imprisonment, on entities or individuals (including any individual corporate officers or individual providers deemed responsible) that fraudulently or wrongfully bill government-funded programs or other third-party payors for healthcare services. CMS contracts with a variety of contractors to audit providers, such as Medicare Administrative Contractors (“MACs”), Unified Program Integrity Contractors (“UPICs”), and Recovery Audit Contractors (“RACs”). These audits can result in overpayment determinations and recoupments from providers. CMS may also impose Medicare payment suspensions based on billing irregularities or credible allegations of fraud or Medicare enrollment revocations based on a number of reasons, including billing irregularities. CMS requires states to maintain a Medicaid RAC program. States are required to contract with one or more eligible Medicaid RACs to review Medicaid claims for any overpayments or underpayments, and to recoup overpayments from providers on behalf of the state. Federal laws, along with a growing number of state laws, allow a private person to bring a civil action in the name of the government for false billing violations. See Item 1. Business— “Government Regulation—Fraud and Abuse Provisions.” Further, identified overpayments from Medicare or Medicaid must be refunded to the government within 60 days of identification or the entity could be held liable under the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), including for treble damages and substantial civil penalties, currently set at $14,308 up to $28,619 per false claim or statement for penalties assessed after July 3, 2025. In addition, our contracts with private insurers often provide such insurers with audit rights over payments made to us and the ability to seek recoupment for overpayments. We believe that audits, inquiries and investigations from government agencies, government contractors and private insurers will occur from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, which could result in substantial costs to us, legal actions by or against us, and a diversion of management’s time and attention. New regulations and heightened enforcement activity also could materially affect our cost of doing business and our risk of becoming the subject of an audit or investigation. We cannot predict whether any future audits, inquiries or investigations, or the public disclosure of such matters, likely would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. See Item 1. Business—“Government Investigations.” The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and government authorities may determine that we have failed to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. The healthcare industry and physicians’ medical practices, including the healthcare and other services that we and our affiliated physicians provide, are subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local laws, rules and 35 regulations, compliance with which imposes substantial costs on us. Applicable U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. healthcare laws and regulations include the following: • the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a criminal law, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for, referring, or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under GHC Programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute can result in significant civil monetary penalties and criminal fines, as well as imprisonment and exclusion from participation in GHC Programs; • the federal civil False Claims Act, which may be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions and imposes significant civil penalties, treble damages and potential exclusion from GHC Programs against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or for making a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay the federal government or for knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Further, a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute can serve as a basis for liability under the federal civil False Claims Act. There is also the federal Criminal False Claims Act, which is similar to the federal Civil False Claims Act and imposes criminal liability on those that make or present a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim to the federal government; • the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law (“CMPL”), which authorizes the imposition of substantial civil monetary penalties against an entity that engages in activities including, among others (1) knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim for services not provided as claimed or that is otherwise false or fraudulent in any way; (2) arranging for or contracting with an individual or entity that is excluded from participation in federal health care programs to provide items or services reimbursable by a federal health care program; (3) violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; or (4) failing to report and return a known overpayment; • the Eliminating Kickbacks in the Recovery Act of 2018 (“EKRA”) establishes criminal penalties for paying, receiving, soliciting or offering any remuneration in return for referring a patient to a laboratory, clinical treatment facility or recovery home, or in exchange for an individual using the services of one of these entities. The EKRA prohibitions apply to services covered by GHC programs and by private health plans; • the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program, among others, to annually track and report payments and other transfers of value provided to U.S.-licensed physicians, teaching hospitals, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, anesthesiologist assistants and certified nurse-midwives, as well as certain ownership and investment interests held in the manufacturer by physicians and their immediate families; • the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, is a strict liability civil law that prohibits physicians from making “referrals” for “designated health services,” payable by Medicare or Medicaid, to entities with which the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has a “financial relationship,” unless an exception applies. The Stark Law further prohibits entities which have received such referrals from filing claims with Medicare (or billing another individual, entity or third-party payor) for those referred services. The term “designated health services” includes, among other things, inpatient and outpatient hospital services, home health services, and clinical laboratory services; • similar state law provisions pertaining to anti-kickback, fee splitting, self-referral and false claims, and other fraud and abuse issues which typically are not limited to relationships involving government-funded programs. In some cases, these laws prohibit or regulate additional conduct beyond what federal law 36 affects, including applicability to items and services paid by commercial insurers and private pay patients. Penalties for violating these laws can range from physician licensure sanctions, fines and criminal sanctions; • statutes created by HIPAA, which impose criminal liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private insurance plans, or, in any matter involving a healthcare benefit program, for knowingly and willfully making materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits; • federal and state regulations that broadly define provider and supplier affiliation and require providers to disclose to GHC Programs certain disclosable events including, without limitation, current or previous direct or indirect affiliations with providers or suppliers having uncollected debt to GHC Programs, being subject to payment suspension, being excluded from participation in GHC Programs or had such billing privileges denied or revoked, and that permit GHC Programs to deny or revoke provider or supplier enrollment based upon such affiliations upon determining that the affiliations pose an undue risk of fraud, waste, or abuse; • state laws that prohibit or limit general business corporations from practicing medicine, exercising control over physicians’ medical decisions or engaging in certain practices or financial arrangements, such as splitting fees with physicians. These laws and their interpretations vary from state to state and are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion, and are subject to change and to evolving interpretations by state boards of medicine and state attorneys general, among others; • federal and state laws governing participation in GHC Programs could result in denial of our application to become a participating provider or revocation of our participation or billing privileges, which in turn, could cause us to not be able to treat patients covered by the applicable program or prohibit us from billing for the treatment services provided to such patients; • federal and state laws that prohibit providers from billing and receiving payment from Medicare and Medicaid for services unless the services are medically necessary, adequately and accurately documented, and billed using codes that accurately reflect the type and level of services rendered; • federal and state laws and policies that require healthcare providers to maintain licensure, certification, or accreditation to enroll and participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, to report certain changes in their operations to the agencies that administer these programs; • reassignment of payment rules that prohibit certain types of billing and collection practices in connection with claims payable by the Medicare or Medicaid programs; • laws that regulate debt collection practices, as applied to our debt collection practices; • federal and state laws pertaining to the provision and coverage of services by non-physician practitioners, such as advanced nurse practitioners, physician assistants and other clinical professionals, physician supervision of such services and reimbursement requirements that may be dependent on the manner in which the services are provided and documented; and • federal laws that impose civil administrative sanctions for, among other violations, inappropriate billing of services to federal healthcare programs, inappropriately reducing hospital inpatient lengths of stay for such patients or employing individuals who are excluded from participation in federally funded healthcare programs. In addition, we believe that our business will continue to be subject to increasing regulation, the scope and effect of which we cannot predict. See Item 1. Business—“Government Regulation.” We may in the future become the subject of regulatory or other investigations, audits or proceedings, and our interpretations of applicable laws, rules and regulations may be challenged, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. For example, in some states, we are dependent on our relationship with affiliated physician practices, which we do not own, to provide physician and other clinical services, and our business would be adversely affected if those 37 relationships were disrupted or if our arrangements with our providers are found to violate state laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine or fee splitting, or if our contractual relationships with such entities cease to continue. Our contracts include management services agreements among other agreements with such affiliated physician practices, to which these practices reserve exclusive control and responsibility for all aspects of the practice of medicine and delivery of medical services. Recent state legislative activity has reflected growing scrutiny of the corporate practice of medicine, with a number of states proposing or enacting laws to expand existing prohibitions, enhance disclosure and reporting obligations, and broaden enforcement authority over management and ownership arrangements between healthcare providers and non-clinical entities. While we seek to substantially comply with the applicable state prohibitions on the corporate practice of medicine and fee splitting, these laws could impact our business operations, and state officials who administer these laws or other third parties may successfully challenge our contractual arrangements, which could subject us to civil and criminal penalties and require us to restructure our relationships with providers to comply with these statutes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operations. Additionally, state corporate practice of medicine doctrines often impose penalties on physicians themselves for aiding the corporate practice of medicine, which could impact physicians participating with our affiliated physician practices. See Item 1. Business—“Government Regulation—Fee Splitting; Corporate Practice of Medicine.” Further, regulatory authorities or other parties also could assert that our relationships, including fee arrangements, among our affiliated professional contractors, hospital clients or referring physicians violate the anti-kickback, fee splitting, EKRA, or self-referral laws and regulations or that we have submitted false claims or otherwise failed to comply with government program reimbursement requirements. See Item 1. Business—“Government Regulation—Fraud and Abuse Provisions” and “—Government Regulatory Requirements.” In addition, violations of these laws are punishable by monetary fines, civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in GHC Programs, and forfeiture of amounts collected in violation of such laws and regulations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Additionally, federal and state fraud and abuse laws, rules and regulations are not static and amendments, clarifications, revisions, or other modifications to these laws may occur from time to time. For instance, on December 2, 2020, both CMS and OIG issued Final Rules revising the federal anti-kickback statute, the CMPL, and the Stark Law regulations to foster arrangements that would promote care coordination, advance the delivery of value-based care, and protect consumers from harms caused by fraud and abuse through additional new statutory definitions, safe harbors, and exceptions. Compliance with federal fraud and abuse laws such as the anti-kickback statute, the CMPL, and the Stark Law involves constant monitoring for regulatory changes, agency and court interpretations, and revisiting of arrangements based on new interpretations or clarifications, all of which will require ongoing compliance costs. In addition, these laws and their exceptions and safe harbors are complex and clear interpretations are not always available. Despite our efforts to comply, we cannot guarantee that a government agency will necessarily agree with our interpretations or that one or more of our arrangements will not be subject to challenge, nor can we provide any assurance that they will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Government authorities or other parties may assert that our business practices violate antitrust laws. The healthcare industry is subject to close antitrust scrutiny. The FTC, the Antitrust Division of the DOJ and state Attorneys General all actively review and, in some cases, take enforcement action against businesses, particularly in the healthcare industry. Private parties can also bring antitrust suits. Violations of antitrust laws may be punishable by substantial penalties, including significant monetary fines and treble damages, civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and consent decrees and injunctions prohibiting certain activities or requiring divestiture or discontinuance of business operations. Any of these penalties could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Our affiliated physicians and other individual providers may not satisfy all conditions of payment or otherwise appropriately record or document services that they provide. Our affiliated physicians and other individual providers are responsible for maintaining all required professional licensures or certifications in good standing, which is generally a condition of reimbursement in GHC Programs and in private insurance, and for appropriately recording and documenting the services that they provide. We use this information to seek reimbursement for their services from third-party payors. In addition, we utilize 38 third-party contractors to perform certain revenue cycle management functions for healthcare providers, including medical coding. If our affiliated physicians or other individual providers and third-party contractors do not appropriately document, or where applicable, code for their services or our customers’ services, we could be subjected to administrative, regulatory, civil, or criminal investigations or sanctions and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. We are further obligated under the federal overpayment statute and FCA to timely report and return any identified overpayments and to maintain reasonable internal audit mechanisms to identify overpayments.  Failure to timely report and return overpayments to Medicare or Medicaid could subject us to liability under the federal FCA, and also equivalent false claims acts on the state level. State healthcare transaction laws could adversely affect our operations. Numerous states have implemented healthcare transaction review laws that typically require healthcare entities to provide pre-closing notice regarding “material” healthcare transactions to government agencies. These laws differ from the typical change of control processes that often apply to licensed healthcare facilities and providers. For example, these laws generally apply to “healthcare entities” regardless of licensure, and therefore apply to organizations that often do not require separate licensure. Furthermore, the reviews are more substantive in nature, often focusing on the impact of the proposed transaction on factors such as cost, quality, access, equity and competition. Healthcare transaction review law requirements vary significantly between states. Some states require notice, while others may require a cost and market impact review. Healthcare transaction review laws may affect the structure and timing of proposed transactions we may enter into or our ability to enter into transactions at all, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Business Strategy During 2024, we undertook a transformation of our revenue cycle management function from an outsourced provider to a hybrid function that utilizes both our corporate personnel as well as third-party service providers. Our failure to execute a hybrid revenue cycle management function efficiently and effectively may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. We undertook a transformation of our revenue cycle management function from an outsourced provider to a hybrid function that utilizes both our corporate personnel as well as third-party service providers that we engaged to support these activities. The success of this plan depends, in part, on our ability for our internal operations to handle certain revenue cycle management functions internally and to integrate the third-party service providers that we have engaged with our systems in a timely and efficient manner. If we are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of this transformation may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. These activities may be complex and time consuming and involve delays or additional and unforeseen expenses. In connection with this hybrid revenue cycle management function, we could experience a further reduction in revenue due to delays in collection efforts or the inability to collect from patients or third-party payors, claim denials, recoupments, or governmental and third-party audits, all of which may impact our profitability and cash flow. Further, the costs associated with any operational problems, delays in collections from payors, and errors and control issues may impact our ability to realize the intended benefits from this transformation and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. We currently outsource, and from time to time in the future may outsource, a portion of our internal business functions to third-party providers. Outsourcing these functions has significant risks, and our failure to successfully manage these risks could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We currently, and from time to time in the future may, outsource portions of internal business functions, including our revenue cycle management functions, to third-party service providers. These functions are performed both domestically and in offshore locations, with our oversight. If our outsourcing partners fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner at satisfactory quality levels, in compliance with regulatory requirements, or if they are unable to attract or retain sufficient personnel with the necessary skill sets to meet our outsourcing needs, the efficiency, effectiveness and quality of our services could suffer. Reliance on third-party providers could have 39 significant negative consequences, including significant disruptions in our operations and significantly increased costs to undertake such operations, either of which could damage our relationships with our patients and customers. For example, our results of operations were previously negatively impacted by the performance of a third-party provider we used in connection with our revenue cycle management function, leading to our decision to transform our revenue cycle management function. In connection with the previous transition of our revenue cycle management function, we experienced a reduction in revenue due to delays in collection efforts or the inability to collect from patients or third-party payors, claim denials, recoupments, or governmental and third-party audits, all of which impacted our profitability and cash flow. The current or any future transitions in connection with our revenue cycle management function may have similar impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our reliance on a workforce in other countries exposes us to disruptions in the business, political and economic environment in those regions. Further, any changes to existing laws or the enactment of new legislation restricting offshore outsourcing in the United States, or increasing the cost of using offshore services may adversely affect our ability to outsource functions to third-party offshore service providers. Our ability to manage any difficulties encountered could be largely outside of our control. In addition, federal government and third-party payors may have prohibitions or restrictions on the use of third-party service providers outside of the United States and/or require notice for the use of such third-party service providers. Diminished service quality from outsourcing, our inability to utilize offshore service providers or the failure to comply with restrictions on the use of third-party service providers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. We may not find suitable acquisition candidates or successfully integrate our acquisitions. Our acquisitions may expose us to greater business risks and could affect our payor mix. We have expanded and continue to seek to expand our presence in new and existing metropolitan areas by acquiring established physician group practices. Our acquisition strategy involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including: • We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or strategic opportunities or implement successfully, or realize the expected benefits of, any suitable opportunities. In addition, we compete for acquisitions with other potential acquirers, some of which may have greater financial or operational resources than we do. This competition may intensify due to the ongoing consolidation in the healthcare industry, which may increase our acquisition costs. • We may not be able to complete acquisitions of physician practices or services companies, or we may complete acquisitions on less favorable terms as a result of changes in tax laws, healthcare fraud and abuse laws, financial market or other economic or market conditions. • We may not be able to successfully integrate completed acquisitions, including our recent acquisitions. Integrating completed acquisitions into our existing operations involves numerous short-term and long-term risks, including diversion of our management’s attention, failure to retain key personnel, long-term value of acquired intangible assets and acquisition expenses. In addition, we may be required to comply with laws, rules and regulations that may differ not only from those of the states in which our operations are currently conducted but from an expansion in the service offerings we provide in certain states for which the laws, rules and regulations may be different. • We cannot be certain that any acquired business will continue to maintain its pre-acquisition revenue and growth rates or be financially successful. In addition, we cannot be certain of the extent of any unknown or contingent liabilities of any acquired business, including liabilities for failure to comply with applicable laws, or liabilities relating to medical malpractice claims. Generally, we obtain indemnification agreements from the sellers of businesses acquired with respect to pre-closing acts, omissions and other similar risks. It is possible that we may seek to enforce indemnification provisions in the future against sellers who may no longer have the financial wherewithal to satisfy their obligations to us. Accordingly, we may incur material liabilities for past activities of acquired businesses. 40 • We could incur or assume indebtedness and issue equity in connection with acquisitions. The issuance of shares of our common stock for an acquisition may result in dilution to our existing shareholders and, depending on the number of shares that we issue, the resale of such shares could affect the trading price of our common stock. • We may acquire businesses that derive a greater portion of their revenue from GHC Programs than what we recognize on a consolidated basis or that have business models with lower operating margins than ours. These acquisitions could affect our overall payor mix or operating results in future periods. • Acquisitions of practices could entail financial and operating risks not fully anticipated. Such acquisitions could divert management's attention and our resources. • An acquisition could be subject to challenge under the antitrust laws either before or after it is consummated. Such a challenge could involve substantial legal costs and divert management’s attention and resources and could result in us having to abandon the transaction or make a divestiture. If we are not successful in integrating an acquisition, we may decide to dispose of such acquisition and may do so at a loss or record impairments in connection with such a disposition. We may not be able to successfully execute our same-unit and organic growth strategies. In addition to our acquisition growth strategy, we seek opportunities for increasing revenue from our existing operations through same-unit and organic growth strategies. We also seek opportunities to grow organically outside of our existing operations. We may not be able to successfully execute our same-unit and organic growth strategies for reasons including the following: • We may not be able to expand the services that our affiliated physicians provide to our hospital partners. • We may not be able to attract referrals to our office-based practices or neonatology transports to our hospital-based units. • We may not be able to execute new contractual arrangements with hospitals, including through joint ventures, where we either currently provide or do not currently provide physician services. • We may not be able to work with our hospital partners to develop integrated services programs for which we become a multi-specialty provider of solutions within the maternal-fetal, newborn and pediatric continuum of care. • We may not accurately project same-unit and organic growth performance, including projections of revenue and operating expenses, or we may experience a shift in the mix of services that certain of our customers request from us, potentially resulting in lower margins. In addition, certain of our organic growth strategies may involve risks and uncertainties similar to those for our acquisition strategy. See “We may not find suitable acquisition candidates or successfully integrate our acquisitions. Our acquisitions may expose us to greater business risks and could affect our payor mix.” We may not effectively manage our growth. We have historically experienced growth in our business, including growth outside of our core physician specialties. Growth in the number of our employees and affiliated physicians has in the past placed significant demands on our financial, operational and management resources. Significant growth may impair our ability to provide our services efficiently and to manage our employees adequately. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected if we are unable to manage our growth effectively. 41 Hospitals or other customers may terminate their agreements with us, our physicians may lose the ability to provide services in hospitals or administrative fees paid to us by hospitals may be reduced. Our net revenue is derived primarily from fee-for-service billings for patient care and other services provided by our affiliated physicians and from administrative fees paid to us by hospitals. See Item 1. Business—“Relationships with Our Partners—Hospitals.” Our hospital partners or other customers may cancel or not renew their contracts with us, may reduce or eliminate our administrative fees in the future, or refuse to pay us our administrative fees if we fail to honor the terms of our agreement or fail to meet certain performance metrics under those agreements. Further, consolidation of hospitals, healthcare systems or other customers could adversely affect our ability to negotiate with these entities. Adverse economic conditions, including decreased federal and state funding to hospitals, could influence future actions of our hospital partners or other customers. In addition, hospitals may from time to time cancel or delay certain elective procedures in order to address increasing demand for beds by other patients. To the extent that our arrangements with our hospital partners or other customers are canceled or are not renewed or replaced with other arrangements having at least as favorable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, to the extent our affiliated physicians lose their privileges in hospitals or hospitals enter into arrangements with or employ other physicians, including our existing affiliated physicians, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Risks Related to Operating our Business We are dependent upon our key management personnel for our future success and loss of our key management and other personnel or an inability to attract new management and other personnel could impact our business. Our success depends to a significant extent on the continued contributions of our key management personnel for the management of our business and implementation of our business strategy. We experienced significant management turnover in 2024 and the further loss of or changes in key management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. Management transition is often difficult and inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge and a learning curve for new executives, which could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to execute our business strategies may be adversely affected by the uncertainty associated with any such transition, and the time and attention from the board and management needed to fill vacant roles and train new employees could disrupt our business. Competition is intense for qualified employees, and the loss of qualified employees or an inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the operation and growth of our business could hinder our ability to successfully carry out our strategy. Our quarterly results will likely fluctuate from period to period. We have historically experienced and expect to continue to experience quarterly fluctuations in net revenue and net income. For example, we typically experience negative cash flow from operations in the first quarter of each year, principally as a result of bonus payments to affiliated physicians as well as discretionary matching contributions for participants in our qualified contributory savings plans. In addition, a significant number of our employees and associated professional contractors (primarily affiliated physicians) exceed the level of taxable wages for social security contributions during the first and second quarters. As a result, we incur a significantly higher payroll tax burden and our net income is lower during those quarters. Moreover, a lower number of calendar days are present in the first and second quarters of the year as compared to the remainder of the year. Because we provide services in the NICU on a 24-hours-a-day basis, 365 days a year, any reduction in service days will have a corresponding reduction in net revenue. In addition, any reduction in office days in our office-based practices will also have a corresponding reduction in net revenue. We also have significant fixed operating costs, including costs for our affiliated physicians, and as a result, are highly dependent on patient volume and capacity utilization of our affiliated physicians to sustain profitability. Quarterly results may also be impacted by the timing of acquisitions and any fluctuation in patient volume. As a result, our results of operations for any quarter are not indicative of results of operations for any future period or full fiscal year. We may write-off intangible assets, such as goodwill. 42 The carrying value of our intangible assets, which consists primarily of goodwill related to our acquisitions, is subject to testing at least annually, and more frequently if impairment indicators exist. Under current accounting standards, goodwill is tested for impairment on at least an annual basis and more frequently if impairment indicators exist, and we have been subject to impairment losses as circumstances have changed after acquisition. For example, during 2024, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $150.6 million. If we record additional impairment losses related to our goodwill in the future, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. We are subject to medical malpractice and other lawsuits that may not covered by insurance. Our business entails an inherent risk of claims of medical malpractice against our affiliated physicians and us. We may also be subject to other lawsuits which may involve large claims and significant defense costs. We currently maintain liability insurance coverage intended to cover professional liability and other claims, but our insurance coverage might not be adequate to cover liabilities arising out of claims asserted against us where the outcomes of such claims are unfavorable to us. Generally, we self-insure our liabilities to pay retention amounts for professional liability matters through a wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary. Liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage, including coverage for professional liability and other claims, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. See Item 1. Business—“Other Legal Proceedings” and— “Professional and General Liability Coverage.” The reserves that we have established related to our professional liability losses are subject to inherent uncertainties and if actual costs exceed our estimates this may lead to a reduction in our net earnings. We have established reserves for losses and related expenses that represent estimates involving actuarial projections. These actuarial projections are developed at a given point in time and represent our expectations of the ultimate resolution and administration of costs of losses incurred with respect to professional liability risks for the amount of risk retained by us. Insurance reserves are inherently subject to uncertainty. Our reserve estimates are based on actuarial valuations using historical claims, demographic factors, industry trends, severity and exposure factors and other actuarial assumptions. The estimates of projected ultimate losses are developed at least annually. Our reserves have been, and could further be, significantly affected should current and future occurrences differ from historical claim trends and expectations. Moreover, the complexity of the claims and wide range of potential outcomes often hamper timely adjustments to the assumptions used in our reserve estimates. Actual losses and related expenses may deviate, perhaps substantially, from the reserve estimates reflected in our financial statements. If our estimated reserves are determined to be inadequate, we have been and could further be required to increase reserves at the time the deficiency is determined. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—“Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Professional Liability Coverage.” We are subject to litigation risks. From time to time, we are involved in various litigation matters and claims, including regulatory proceedings, administrative proceedings, governmental investigations, and contract disputes, as they relate to our services and business. We may face potential claims or liability for, among other things, breach of contract, defamation, libel, fraud, negligence or data breaches. Our contracts with hospitals generally require us to indemnify them and their affiliates for losses resulting from the negligence of our affiliated physicians and other clinicians. We may also face employment-related litigation, including claims of age discrimination, sexual harassment, gender discrimination, immigration violations, or other local, state, and federal labor law violations. Because of the uncertain nature of litigation and insurance coverage decisions, the outcome of such actions and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and an unfavorable resolution of one or more of them could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. In addition, legal fees and costs associated with prosecuting and defending litigation matters could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of our securities. We may not be able to collect reimbursements for our services from third-party payors. A significant portion of our net revenue is derived from reimbursements from various third-party payors, including GHC Programs, private insurance plans and managed care plans, for services provided by our affiliated 43 professional contractors. We are responsible for submitting reimbursement requests to these payors and collecting the reimbursements, and we assume the financial risks relating to uncollectible and delayed reimbursements. In the current healthcare environment, payors continue efforts to control expenditures for healthcare, including revisions to coverage and reimbursement policies. Due to the nature of our business and our participation in government-funded and private reimbursement programs, we are involved from time to time in inquiries, reviews, audits and investigations by governmental agencies and private payors of our business practices, including assessments of our compliance with coding, billing and documentation requirements. We may be required to repay these agencies or private payors if a finding is made that we were incorrectly reimbursed within a certain time period, or we may become involved in disputes with payors and could be subjected to pre-payment and post-payment reviews, which can be time-consuming and result in non-payment or delayed payment for the services we provide. We may also experience difficulties in collecting reimbursements because third-party payors may seek to reduce or delay reimbursements to which we are entitled for services that our affiliated physicians have provided, they experience administrative issues that result in a delay in reimbursements, or pursuant to binding arbitration proceedings for out-of-network items or services. Further, GHC Programs, private insurance plans and managed care plans are increasingly requiring that services we provide be reviewed and approved prior to provision of such services. These prior authorization reviews increase our administrative costs and delay payments, which materially impact our business. In addition, GHC Programs may deny or revoke our application to become a participating provider if we do not disclose certain events relating to our affiliates or for other reasons that could cause us to not be able to provide services to patients or prohibit us from billing for such services. GHC Programs may also suspend our payments pending an audit or investigation, which could last for an extended period of time. If we are not reimbursed fully or in a timely manner for such services or there is a finding that we were incorrectly reimbursed, our revenue, cash flows and financial condition could be materially, adversely affected. In addition, we may choose to challenge certain GHC reimbursement decisions through administrative appeal mechanisms. Any backlog in appeals may further affect our ability to collect reimbursement for services rendered. In addition, adverse economic conditions could affect the timeliness and amounts received from our third-party and government payors which would impact our short-term liquidity needs. Risks Related to our Capital Structure Our current indebtedness and any future indebtedness could adversely affect us by reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of any variable rate debt. In addition, a certain portion of our interest expense may not be deductible. As of December 31, 2025 , our total indebtedness was $596.9 million, of which $400.0 million was at fixed interest rates and $196.9 million was at variable rates. We also had $450.0 million of additional borrowing capacity under our revolving line of credit which was subject to a variable interest rate. Other debt we incur also could be variable rate debt. In addition, United States tax law places certain limitations on the deductibility of interest expense at a percentage of taxable income. If interest rates continue to increase, any variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, and if interest expense increases beyond a specified percentage of taxable income, a portion of that interest expense may not be deductible for income tax purposes, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We have limited restrictions on incurring substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Our current indebtedness and any future increases in leverage could have adverse consequences on us, including: • a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations will be required to service interest and principal payments on our debt and will not be available for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions, dividends or general corporate or other purposes; • our ability to obtain additional financing in the future may be impaired; • we may be more highly leveraged than our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; • our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry may be limited; and 44 • we may be more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business, our industry or the economy in general. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, business, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our revolving line of credit in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in other defaults, disrupt our operations and cause a reduction of our credit rating, which could further harm our ability to finance or refinance our obligations and business operations. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service requirements, we may be forced to reduce or delay acquisitions or other investments, or to seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are sufficient to fund our debt services requirements, but insufficient to permit us to refinance our debt upon maturity, or if we are otherwise unable to refinance our debt upon maturity, using our cash flows and capital resources to fund our debt service would significantly reduce our available cash and liquidity. In such situations, we would have less flexibility to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic initiatives or other general corporate purposes, and we may be more dependent on continued cash generation or other sources of financing. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our debt, including our revolving line of credit and senior notes, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Provisions of our articles and bylaws could deter takeover attempts, but our business could be negatively affected as a result of shareholder activism. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, authorize our Board of Directors to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock and to determine the powers, preferences and rights of these shares without shareholder approval. This preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to those of the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock under some circumstances could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. In addition, provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Bylaws, including those relating to calling shareholder meetings, taking action by written consent and other matters, could render it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of Pediatrix through a proxy contest or consent solicitation, however, these provisions might not have such an effect. These provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Notwithstanding these provisions, we could, and have, become the target of activist shareholders who acquire ownership positions in our common stock and seek to influence our company. Responding to actions by activist shareholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and divert the attention of our Board of Directors, management and employees. Additionally, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, including the composition of our Board of Directors, as a result of shareholder activism may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or other instability, which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers and acquisition candidates, and make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and the trading prices of our securities. In addition, the trading prices of our securities may experience periods of increased volatility as a result of shareholder activism. Risks Related to Labor We may not be able to successfully recruit, onboard and retain qualified physicians and other clinicians and other personnel, and our compensation expense for existing clinicians and other personnel may increase. We are dependent upon our ability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified physicians and other clinicians and other personnel to service existing units at hospitals and our affiliated physician practices and expand our business. We compete with many types of healthcare providers, including teaching, research and government 45 institutions, hospitals and health systems and other practice and services groups, for the services of qualified clinicians. The U.S. is currently experiencing and is expected to continue to experience a nationwide healthcare professional shortage. Due to this increased exit from healthcare practice and lack of sufficient new talent to replace them, our recruiting efforts have become increasingly more competitive. We may not be able to continue to recruit new clinicians or other personnel or renew contracts with existing clinicians or other personnel on acceptable terms. We have and may seek to renew clinician contracts prior to their existing renewal date for various reasons, including to move clinicians to a different compensation structure. We may not be successful in these early renewal efforts, and further, clinical compensation may increase as a result of incremental compensation incentives that may be required by clinicians to agree to the change in compensation structure. In addition, the recruiting and onboarding process for certain of our physicians and other clinicians can take several months, or longer, to complete due to various requirements, including state licensing and hospital credentialing. Further, if the demand exceeds the supply for physicians and other clinicians and personnel either in general or in specific markets, we could experience an increase in compensation expense, including premium pay and agency labor costs. If we are unable to recruit new physicians, renew contracts on acceptable terms or onboard physicians, clinicians and other personnel in a reasonable period of time, our ability to service existing or new hospital units and staff existing or new office-based practices could be adversely affected. In addition, if we experience a higher rate of growth in compensation expense, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. A significant number of our affiliated physicians or other clinicians could leave our affiliated physician practices or our affiliated physician practices may be unable to enforce the non-competition covenants of departed physicians. Our affiliated professional contractors usually enter into employment agreements with our affiliated physicians. Certain of our employment agreements can be terminated without cause by any party upon prior written notice. In addition, substantially all of our affiliated physicians have agreed not to compete within a specified geographic area for a certain period after termination of employment. The law governing non-compete agreements and other forms of restrictive covenants varies from state to state and some states have been implementing their own non-compete restrictions. As a result, courts and arbitrators in some states may be reluctant to enforce non-compete agreements and restrictive covenants against physicians. In addition, we have and may incur significant legal fees to pursue enforcement of such agreements and restrictive covenants. Further, the Federal Trade Commission issued a final rule that would prohibit employers from using non-compete clauses with workers. The rule would have been effective September 4, 2024, but was enjoined. The Federal Trade Commission had challenged the injunction, but voluntarily dismissed its appeal in September 2025 and acceded to the vacatur of the final rule. To the extent the composition of the Federal Trade Commission changes in the future, it could again attempt to regulate employers’ use of non-compete clauses with workers. Certain states also have enacted or proposed prohibitions on using non-compete clauses with workers, including healthcare providers. Our affiliated physicians or other clinicians may leave our affiliated physician practices for a variety of reasons, including in order to provide services for other types of healthcare providers, such as teaching, research and government institutions, hospitals and health systems and other practice groups. If a substantial number of our affiliated physicians or other clinicians leave our affiliated physician practices, we could incur significant legal fees to pursue enforcement of certain covenants within employment agreements or if our affiliated physician practices are unable to enforce the non-competition covenants in the employment agreements, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Information Systems, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks We may not be able to maintain effective and efficient information systems or properly safeguard our information systems. Our operations are dependent on uninterrupted performance of our information systems. Failure to maintain reliable information systems, disruptions in our existing information systems or the implementation of new systems could disrupt business operations or cause errors and delays in billings and collections, difficulty satisfying requirements under hospital contracts, disputes with patients and payors, violations of patient privacy, confidentiality, and other regulatory requirements, increased administrative expenses and other adverse consequences. 46 Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of new technologies and tactics of cyber criminals. Despite our layered security controls and our continuous monitoring and testing (by both internal and external parties) of such controls, experienced cyber criminals have been and may be able to penetrate our information systems, misappropriate or compromise sensitive patient or personnel information or proprietary or confidential information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. They also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that disable our systems or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities, or attempt to fraudulently induce employees to take actions, including to release confidential or sensitive information or make fraudulent payments, through illegal electronic spamming, phishing or other tactics. For example, in February 2024, Change Healthcare, a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group and a major processor of U.S. medical claims, was the subject of a well-publicized cyberattack. This event caused significant delays and disruptions in payments to hospitals, physicians, pharmacists, and other health care providers across the country, including us. This cyberattack did not have a material impact on us or our operations, but future cyber attacks on us or our third-party providers could have a material impact on our business. A failure in or breach of our information systems as a result of cybersecurity attacks or other tactics could disrupt our business, has resulted and may result in the disclosure or misuse of PHI, personal information, or confidential or proprietary business information, and has caused or may cause financial loss, damage our reputation, increase our administrative expenses, and expose us to additional risk of liability to federal or state governments, individuals, or classes of individuals. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we have been and may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions to our operations (including, without limitation, our billing processes), delays or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of patient healthcare and other sensitive information, personal information, or proprietary or confidential information about us, our patients, clients or customers, or other third-parties, could expose such persons to the risk of financial or medical identity theft. It could also expose us or such persons to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation, or potential liability, cause damage to our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business. Under certain circumstances, we could also be excluded temporarily or permanently from certain commercial or GHC Programs. Any of these disruptions or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. We may experience difficulties implementing or enhancing technology, software and processes. We are engaged in various implementation and enhancement efforts for new technology, software and processes. These solutions are designed to provide greater efficiency and flexibility across our enterprise. In implementing and enhancing various solutions and processes, we may experience significant delays, increased costs and other difficulties. Any significant disruption or deficiency in the design and implementation of these solutions and processes could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. Unforeseen implementation or enhancement issues may arise with respect to our investments in planning and project management resources. In addition, our efforts to centralize various business processes and functions within our organization in connection with our system implementations may disrupt our operations. Any implementation or enhancement issues or business operation disruptions could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, internal control over financial reporting and the trading price of our securities. Our use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies may expose us to additional legal, regulatory, operational, and competitive risks. Some of our information systems that support our day-to-day operations, ongoing clinical initiatives and business analyses increasingly utilize AI, including to assist with clinical documentation. AI technologies are highly complex and rapidly evolving, and their use presents risks, challenges and the potential for unintended consequences, including errors, bias, system failures, or limitations in performance, which could affect their adoption or effectiveness and, in turn, our operations and business. At the same time, our ability to remain competitive may depend in part on our ability to effectively develop, implement and utilize AI technologies. If we are unable to keep pace with technological developments or the adoption of AI by competitors, or if competitors are able to achieve greater operational efficiencies, cost savings, or service enhancements through their use of AI, our competitive position, operating results, or growth prospects could be adversely affected. 47 In addition, while the use of AI is subject to a variety of existing laws and regulations, such as those relating to data privacy and security, intellectual property and consumer protection, the legal and regulatory framework governing AI technologies is evolving and remains uncertain. Federal, state and foreign governmental and regulatory bodies have introduced, and may continue to introduce, new laws, regulations, and guidance governing the development and use of AI technologies, and existing laws may be interpreted or applied in new or inconsistent ways. Compliance with current or future AI-related laws and regulations, or changes in their interpretation, could require us to modify our information systems, limit or discontinue certain uses of AI, or incur additional costs to ensure compliance. We may not be able to anticipate or respond effectively to these developments, and failure to comply could result in legal or regulatory actions, fines, penalties, or reputational harm. The costs associated with compliance, system modifications, or potential disruptions to our operations could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Hospitals could limit our ability to use our information management systems in our units by requiring us to use their own information management systems. Our information management systems are used to support our day-to-day operations and ongoing clinical research and business analysis. If a hospital prohibits us from using our own information management systems, it may interrupt the efficient operation of our information systems which, in turn, may limit our ability to operate important aspects of our business, including billing and reimbursement as well as research and education initiatives. This inability to use our information management systems at hospital locations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Federal and state laws concerning the privacy and security of personal information may increase our costs and limit our ability to collect and use that information. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations may harm our business and operations. The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we may be or become subject to or affected by numerous federal and state laws, rules and regulations govern the collection, dissemination, use, security and confidentiality of personal information, including individually identifiable health information. These laws include, for example and without limitation: • Federal and state laws related to the confidentiality, privacy and security of personal information, including PHI, that limit the manner in which we may use and disclose that information, impose obligations to safeguard that information and require that we notify third parties in the event of a breach. For example, HIPAA limits how Covered Entities and Business Associates may use and disclose PHI, provides certain rights to individuals with respect to their PHI, imposes certain obligations for safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of PHI that is electronically transmitted or electronically stored, and imposes notification requirements in the event of a breach of unsecured PHI; • Other federal and state laws establish additional requirements for protecting the privacy and security of identifiable consumer health information. For instance, the state of Washington enacted the “My Health My Data Act” which regulates “consumer health data” which is defined as “personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a consumer and that identifies a consumer’s past, present, or future physical or mental health.” The “My Health My Data Act” provides exemptions for PHI and similar information maintained by a covered entity or business associate in compliance with HIPAA, personal data collected in the context of certain research activities, including data subject to 45 C.F.R. Parts 46, 50, and 56, and personal information that has been de-identified. In addition, certain other states have enacted, or may enact, consumer health data protection laws that could impose additional compliance obligations; • Several states have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws with data privacy rights, such as the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA. While these laws generally include exemptions for PHI and similar information maintained by a covered entity or business associate in compliance with HIPAA, personal information that is generated in connection with certain clinical trials, and personal information that has been de-identified, they add layers of complexity to compliance in the U.S. market, and could increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business; 48 • Federal and state consumer protection laws, including the FTC’s authority under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, prohibit unfair and deceptive acts and practices related to privacy and data security. The FTC and many state attorneys general interpret these federal and state consumer protection laws to require transparency, fairness, and accountability for the processing and security of personal information, including health-related information. For instance, the FTC's enforcement of the Health Breach Notification Rule has increased in recent years; and • Federal and state laws regulating the conduct of research with human subjects, which include restrictions and requirements relating to the confidentiality of information collected or generated about human subjects participating in research. As part of our business operations, including our medical record keeping, third-party billing, research and other services, we collect and maintain PHI and other personal information in paper and electronic format. Standards related to personal information, whether implemented pursuant to HIPAA, state laws, federal or state agency actions or otherwise, could have a significant effect on the manner in which we handle and our ability to collect, generate, and maintain personal information, including PHI, and how we communicate with payors, providers, patients and others. Compliance with these standards, which are diverse and complex, could impose significant costs on us or limit our ability to offer services, thereby negatively impacting the business opportunities available to us. In addition to the laws above, we may see more stringent state and federal privacy legislation in future years, including potential changes to HIPAA, the enactment of a broad federal consumer privacy law, and the enactment of additional consumer privacy laws or health privacy laws in various states. The enactment of such legislation and increased focus on data protection may be more likely as the increase in cyber attacks has once again put a spotlight on data privacy and security in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We cannot predict where new legislation might arise, the scope of such legislation, or the potential impact to our business and operations. Further, we are also subject to a provision of the federal 21st Century Cures Act and related regulations that are intended to facilitate the appropriate exchange of electronic health information (“EHI”). Beginning in 2020, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ (“HHS”) Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (“ONC”) promulgated final rules to support access, exchange, and use of EHI. Specifically, the information blocking regulations were implemented as part of the 21st Century Cures Act, and are primarily designed to facilitate technology interoperability and enable the free flow of EHI. The original information blocking regulations compliance date was April 5, 2021 and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) subsequently issued a final rule called the HTI-1 Rule that, among other things, revised the information blocking regulations, effective March 11, 2024. On August 5, 2024, ONC published in the Federal Register a proposed rule called the HTI-2 Proposed Rule that, among other things, will further revise the information blocking regulations, if finalized. Under the 21st Century Cures Act, health care providers that violate the information blocking prohibition will be subject to appropriate disincentives. On July 1, 2024, the HHS published in the Federal Register a final rule to establish such disincentives, effective July 31, 2024. Developers of certified information technology and health information networks/health information exchanges, however, may be subject to civil monetary penalties of up to $1 million per violation (adjusted for inflation). The HHS Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) has the authority to impose such penalties and on July 3, 2023, published a final rule in the Federal Register codifying new authority in regulation, which became effective September 1, 2023. On July 29, 2024, HHS published a statement in the Federal Register that, among other things, announced a reorganization of certain roles and functions and renamed ONC the Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy and Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, or ASTP/ONC. The impact on the information blocking rules to our business is currently unclear. If we are alleged to not comply with existing or new laws, rules and regulations related to PHI or other personal information we could be subject to litigation and to sanctions that include monetary fines, civil or administrative penalties, civil damage awards or criminal penalties, and incur reputational harm and a negative market perception. For example, entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA as a result of a breach of unsecured PHI, a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by HHS may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. HIPAA has ranges of increasing minimum penalty amounts tiered according to the entity’s degree of culpability. Breaches of unsecured PHI may also result in unexpected costs to us, upwards of millions of dollars, through third party litigation, contractual breach 49 resolution, breach notification and remediation. In addition, we may experience reputational harm and a negative market perception when it comes to protecting patient data and other personal information that could influence our future operations. HIPAA also authorizes state Attorneys General to file suit on behalf of their residents for alleged violations of HIPAA. Courts may award damages, costs and attorneys’ fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue us in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for establishing the duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness. Our compliance with frequently changing and increasingly burdensome regulations and requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, which may impact our financial condition. Any such claim, proceeding or action could harm our reputation, brand and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and suppliers or an inability to process credit card payments and may result in the imposition of monetary penalties. We may also be contractually required to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any laws, regulations or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection or any inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of operating our business. Risks Related to Competition and Consolidation Our industry is highly competitive. The healthcare industry is highly competitive and subject to continual changes in the methods by which services are provided and the manner in which healthcare providers are selected and compensated. Because our operations consist primarily of physician services provided within hospital-based units, we compete with other healthcare services companies and physician groups for contracts with hospitals to provide our services to patients. We also face competition from hospitals themselves to provide our services. Further, consolidation within the healthcare industry could strengthen certain competitors that provide services to hospitals and other customers. Companies in other healthcare industry segments, some of which have greater financial and other resources than ours, may become competitors in providing neonatal, maternal-fetal or other pediatric subspecialty care. Additionally, we face competition from healthcare-focused and other private equity firms. We may not be able to continue to compete effectively in this industry, additional competitors may enter metropolitan areas where we operate, and this increased competition may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our critical systems and information. As part of this program, we have processes in place that are designed to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, which are part of the Company’s overall enterprise risk management process and have been embedded in the Company’s operating procedures, internal controls and information systems . We design and assess our program based on various cybersecurity frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) 800-53, including derivatives such as NIST Cybersecurity Framework (“CSF”) and HITRUST, as well as NIST 800-66 and the Center for Internet Security (“CIS”). We have maintained HITRUST certification for one of our core clinical applications, however this does not mean that overall we meet any 50 particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, but only that we use these standards as a guide to help us design and assess our program. We rely on a multidisciplinary team, including our information security organization, legal department, management, and third-party service providers , as described further below, to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity threats and risks. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes: • risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, services, and our broader enterprise information technology (“IT”) environment, including monitoring and evaluating our threat environment and our risk profile; • a security governance council principally responsible for management’s oversight of our IT security; • the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test, or otherwise assist with aspects of our cybersecurity controls; • a third-party risk management process for service providers, suppliers and

--- VENDORS ---
vendors covering compliance and technical controls; • cybersecurity awareness training for our employees, incident response personnel and senior management; and • a cybersecurity incident response plan with established procedures for assessing and responding to cybersecurity incidents, and that includes having an experienced incident response firm on retainer. For information on the Company’s cybersecurity-related risks, see “Information Systems, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks” in

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of obstetric, pediatric and surgical services provided at hospitals. Our hospital-based focus enhances our relationships with hospitals and creates opportunities for our affiliated physicians to provide patient care in other areas of the hospital. For example, our physicians may provide care in emergency rooms, nurseries, intensive care units and other departments where access to specialized obstetric and pediatric care may be critical. Our hospital partners benefit from our expertise in managing critical care units and other settings staffed with physician specialists, including managing variable admission rates, operating costs, complex reimbursement systems and other administrative burdens. We work with our hospital partners to enhance their reputation and market our services to referring physicians within the communities served by those hospitals. In addition, our affiliated physicians work with our hospital partners to develop integrated services programs for solutions within the services we provide. Integrated programs provide our hospital partners and us with incremental growth and result in a broader spectrum of care across our specialties and permit us to extend our patient service lines into our existing markets. Our relationships with our hospital partners are continually evolving with the goal of being viewed by them as a solutions provider across all of our specialties. Under our contracts with hospitals, we have the responsibility to manage, in many cases exclusively, the provision of physician services for hospital-based units, such as NICUs, and other hospital settings. We typically are 12 responsible for billing patients and third-party payors for services rendered by our affiliated physicians separately from other related charges billed by the hospital or other physicians to the same payors. Some of our hospital contracts require hospitals to pay us administrative fees. Some contracts provide for fees if the hospital does not generate sufficient patient volume in order to guarantee that we receive a specified minimum revenue level. We also receive fees from hospitals for administrative services performed by our affiliated physicians providing medical director services at the hospital. Administrative fees accounted for approximately 14% of our net revenue for 2025. Some of our contracts with hospitals require us to indemnify them and their affiliates for losses resulting from the negligence of our affiliated physicians. Our hospital contracts typically have terms of one to three years which can be terminated without cause by either party upon prior written notice, and renew automatically for additional terms of one to three years unless terminated early by any party. While we have in most cases been able to renew these arrangements, hospitals may cancel or not renew our arrangements, or reduce or eliminate our administrative fees in the future. Third-Party Payors Our relationships with government-sponsored or funded healthcare programs (“GHC Programs”), including Medicaid, and with managed care organizations and commercial health insurance payors are vital to our business. We seek to maintain professional working relationships with our third-party payors, streamline the administrative process of billing and collection, and assist our patients and their families in understanding their health insurance coverage and any balances due for co-payments, co-insurance, deductibles, or benefit limitations. In addition, through our quality initiatives and continuing research and education efforts, we have sought to enhance clinical care provided to patients, which we believe benefits third-party payors by contributing to improved patient outcomes and reduced long-term health system costs. We receive compensation for professional services provided by our affiliated physicians to patients based upon rates for specific services provided, principally from third-party payors. Our billed charges are substantially the same for all parties in a particular geographic area, regardless of the party responsible for paying the bill for our services, but the payments we receive vary among payors. A significant portion of our net revenue is received from GHC Programs, principally state Medicaid programs. Medicaid programs, which are jointly funded by the federal government and state governments, pay for medical and health-related services for certain categories of individuals and families generally who have low incomes or disabilities. Medicaid programs can be either standard fee-for-service payment programs or managed care programs in which states have contracted with health insurance companies to run local or state-wide health plans with features similar to health maintenance organizations. Our compensation rates under standard fee-for-service Medicaid programs are established by state governments and are not negotiated. Although Medicaid rates vary across the states, these rates are generally much lower in comparison to private-sector health plan rates. Rates under Medicaid managed care programs typically are negotiated but are also generally much lower in comparison to private-sector health plan rates. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “ACA”) allows states to expand their Medicaid programs to enroll more individuals through federal payments that fund most of the cost of increasing the Medicaid eligibility income limit from a state’s historical eligibility levels to 133% of the federal poverty level. As of December 31, 2025, 40 states and the District of Columbia have expanded Medicaid eligibility to cover this additional low-income patient population (including states that have adopted but not yet implemented expansion and those that are using an alternative approach to eligibility expansion) and other states are considering such expansion. All of the states in which we operate, however, already cover children in the first year of life and pregnant women if their household income is at or below 133% of the federal poverty level, and some states offer expanded coverage, with state eligibility thresholds that may range from 133% to 400% of the federal poverty level based on a combination of federal mandates and voluntary state expansions. In light of changes to the ACA, some of these states may eliminate, reduce or otherwise modify expanded enrollment eligibility. See

