TICKER: META
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain or labor shortages; significant volatility and disruption of global financial markets, which could cause fluctuations in currency exchange rates or negatively impact our ability to access capital in the future; illnesses to key employees, or a significant portion of our workforce, which may result in inefficiencies, delays, and disruptions in our business; and increased volatility and uncertainty in the financial projections we use as the basis for estimates used in our financial statements. Any of these developments may adversely affect our business, harm our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory actions against us. We incur significant expenses in operating our business, and some of our investments, particularly our investments in our artificial intelligence initiatives as well as Reality Labs, have the effect of reducing our operating margin and profitability. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance will be harmed. We incur significant expenses in operating our business, and we expect our expenses to continue to increase in the future as we continue to invest in new and unproven technologies, including AI and machine learning, as we broaden our user base, as users increase the amount and types of content they consume and the data they share with us, for example with respect to video, as we develop and implement new products, as we market new and existing products and promote our brands, as we continue to expand our technical infrastructure, and as we continue our efforts to focus on privacy, safety, security, and content and advertising review and enforcement. We have previously undertaken cost reduction measures in light of a more challenging operating environment, which may adversely affect these or other business initiatives, and some of these measures have involved, and may in the future involve, up-front charges and outlays of cash to reduce certain longer-term expenses. In addition, from time to time we are subject to settlements, judgments, fines, or other monetary penalties in connection with legal and regulatory developments that may be material to our business. We have made significant investments in AI initiatives, including investments in infrastructure and headcount, including specialized technical personnel, to support our efforts to enhance our products, features, and advertising tools, as well as to develop and train our AI models, and expect to continue to increase these investments. We are also continuing to increase our investments in new platforms and technologies, including as part of our VR, Horizon, and wearables efforts. Some of these investments, particularly our significant investments in Reality Labs, have generated only limited revenue and reduced our operating margin and profitability, and we expect the adverse financial impact of such investments to continue for the foreseeable future. For example, our investments in Reality Labs reduced our 2025 overall operating profit by approximately $19.19 billion, and we expect our 2026 Reality Labs operating losses to remain similar to 2025. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance will be harmed. Our ability to support these investments is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. From time to time we may also seek to raise additional capital through debt, equity, or other financing arrangements to support our business operations, strategic initiatives, or other corporate purposes. Such financings may not be available on favorable terms or at all. The incurrence of additional debt also results in increased fixed obligations and interest expense, while the issuance of additional equity securities results in dilution to our stockholders. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed, our ability to finance our business operations and initiatives could be adversely affected. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our products and services could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and services and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products and services from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages 26 Table of Contents that could be harmful to our business. If our products or services are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products or services as often in the future, or at all, and our ability to serve ads may be disrupted, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. We have experienced such issues to varying degrees from time to time. In addition, as the amount and types of information shared on our products continue to grow and evolve, as the usage patterns of our global community continue to evolve, and as our internal operational demands continue to grow, especially with the deployment of AI technologies, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity, computing power, and related energy requirements, to continue to satisfy our needs. Although we are making significant investments in our technical infrastructure, it is possible that we may fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands or achieve our business objectives, which may adversely affect our user engagement and advertising revenue. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, other physical security threats, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events and crises. Global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Any such events may result in users being subject to service disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services, which may adversely affect our financial results. We also have been, and may in the future be, subject to increased energy and/or other costs to maintain the availability or performance of our products and services in connection with any such events. A substantial portion of our technical infrastructure is provided by third parties. Any disruption or failure in the services we receive from these providers could harm our ability to handle existing or increased traffic and could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, various challenges with the supply chain related to supporting our technical infrastructure. As a result, we have adjusted, and may continue to adjust in the future, our procurement practices to adapt to the evolving landscape. We may not be able to secure sufficient components, equipment, or services from third parties to satisfy our needs, or we may be required to procure such components, equipment, or services on unfavorable terms. Any of these developments may result in interruptions in the availability or performance of our products or services, require unfavorable changes to existing products or services, delay the introduction of future products or services, or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. We have experienced, and could experience in the future, difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure. We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure through which we serve our products, and we plan to continue to significantly expand the size of our infrastructure primarily through data centers, subsea and terrestrial fiber optic cable systems, and other projects. The infrastructure expansion we are undertaking is complex and involves projects in multiple locations around the world, including in developing regions that expose us to increased risks relating to anti-corruption compliance, trade compliance, environmental, health, and safety compliance, and political challenges, among others. We have changed, suspended, and terminated certain of these projects as a result of various factors, and may continue to do so in the future. Additional unanticipated delays or disruptions in the completion of these projects, including due to the availability of components, power or network capacity, or any shortage of labor necessary in building portions of such projects, challenges in obtaining required government or regulatory approvals, or other geopolitical challenges or actions by governments, including trade disputes or other developments, may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality or reliability of our products and services, or impairment of assets on our balance sheet. For example, like others in our industry, we rely on certain third-party equipment and components for our technical infrastructure that are manufactured by a small number of third parties, often with significant operations in a single region such as Asia. Any of the foregoing delays or disruptions, including actions by governments or geopolitical events such as international conflicts, tariffs, sanctions, export or import controls, and other measures that restrict international trade, could reduce or eliminate the ability of our suppliers, manufacturers, or other third-party providers to continue their operations to manufacture, or limit or eliminate our ability to purchase, key components of our technical infrastructure. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully utilize the underlying equipment, that could further degrade the user experience or increase our costs. Further, much of our technical infrastructure is located 27 Table of Contents outside the United States, and action by a foreign government, or our response to such government action, has resulted, and may result in the future, in the impairment of a portion of our technical infrastructure, which may interrupt the delivery or degrade the quality or reliability of our products and lead to a negative user experience or increase our costs. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. Real or perceived inaccuracies in our community and other metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. The numbers for our key metrics, which include our daily active people (DAP) and average revenue per person (ARPP), are calculated using internal company data based on the activity of user accounts. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring usage of our products across large online and mobile populations around the world. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant judgment and are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. In addition, we are continually seeking to improve our estimates of our user base, and such estimates may change due to improvements or changes in our methodology. We regularly review our processes for calculating these metrics, and from time to time we discover inaccuracies in our metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in adjustments to our historical metrics. Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require us to apply different methodologies for such adjustments. We generally do not intend to update previously disclosed Family metrics for any such inaccuracies or adjustments that are within the error margins disclosed below. In addition, our Family metrics estimates will differ from estimates published by third parties due to differences in methodology or other factors such as data limitations or other challenges in measuring large online and mobile populations. For example, our methodologies include measurements of our user base that have in some instances exceeded estimates of addressable online and mobile populations that are based on data published by third parties. Many people in our community have user accounts on more than one of our products, and some people have multiple user accounts within an individual product. Accordingly, for our Family metrics, we do not seek to count the total number of user accounts across our products because we believe that would not reflect the actual size of our community. Rather, our Family metrics represent our estimates of the number of unique people using at least one of Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people. To calculate these metrics, we rely upon complex techniques, algorithms and machine learning models that seek to count the individual people behind user accounts, including by matching multiple user accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a single person, and counting such group of accounts as one person. These techniques and models require significant judgment, are subject to data and other limitations discussed below, and inherently are subject to statistical variances and uncertainties. We estimate the potential error in our Family metrics primarily based on user survey data as described further below, which itself is subject to error as well. While we expect the error margin for our Family metrics to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be approximately 3% of our worldwide DAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. As a result, it is also possible that our Family metrics may indicate changes or trends in user numbers that do not match actual changes or trends. To calculate our estimates of DAP, we currently use a series of machine learning models that are developed based on internal reviews of limited samples of user accounts and calibrated against user survey data. We apply significant judgment in designing these models and calculating these estimates. For example, to match user accounts within individual products and across multiple products, we use data signals such as similar device information, IP addresses, and user names. We also calibrate our models against data from periodic user surveys of varying sizes and frequency across our products, which survey questions are based on monthly usage, and which are inherently subject to error. The timing and results of such user surveys have in the past contributed, and may in the future contribute, to changes in our reported Family metrics from period to period. In addition, our data limitations may affect our understanding of certain details of our business and increase the risk of error for our Family metrics estimates. Our techniques and models rely on a variety of data signals from different products, and we rely on more limited data signals for some products compared to others. For example, as a result of limited visibility into encrypted products, we have fewer data signals from WhatsApp user accounts and primarily rely on phone numbers and device information to match WhatsApp user accounts with accounts on our other products. Any loss of access to data signals we use in our process for calculating Family metrics, whether as a result of our own product decisions, actions by third-party 28 Table of Contents browser or mobile platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may impact the stability or accuracy of our reported Family metrics, as well as our ability to report these metrics at all. Our estimates of Family metrics also may change as our methodologies evolve, including through the application of new data signals or technologies, product changes, or other improvements in our user surveys, algorithms, or machine learning that may improve our ability to match accounts within and across our products or otherwise evaluate the broad population of our users. In addition, such evolution may allow us to identify previously undetected violating accounts (as defined below). We regularly evaluate our Family metrics to estimate the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of "violating" accounts. We define "violating" accounts as accounts which we believe are intended to be used for purposes that violate our terms of service, including bots and spam. Our violating accounts estimation is based on an internal review of a limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, we look for account information and behaviors associated with Facebook and Instagram accounts that appear to be inauthentic to the reviewers, but we have less visibility into WhatsApp user activity due to encryption. In addition, if we believe an individual person has one or more violating accounts, we do not include such person in our violating accounts estimation as long as we believe they have one active account that does not constitute a violating account. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we made certain updates to the methodology we use for this estimation, including to incorporate updated data signals as a result of improvements in our ability to identify activity we believe to be violating our policies, as well as to focus on the most recent account activity when determining whether to include a person in our violating accounts estimation. Accordingly, in the fourth quarter of 2025, we estimated that less than 5% of our worldwide DAP consisted solely of violating accounts. We believe the increase compared to our prior estimation was a result of the methodology update described above. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of violating accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAP estimates in a particular period. We intend to continue to disclose our estimates of the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of violating accounts on an annual basis in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Violating accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of violating accounts may vary significantly from our estimates. Other data limitations also may affect our understanding of certain details of our business. For example, while user-provided data indicates a decline in usage among younger users, this age data may be unreliable because a disproportionate number of our younger users register with an inaccurate age. Accordingly, our understanding of usage by age group may not be complete. Our estimates for revenue by user location, as well as year-over-year percentage changes in ad impressions delivered and the average price per ad by user location, are also affected by data limitations and other challenges in measuring user geography. Our data regarding the geographic location of our users is estimated based on a number of factors, such as the user's IP address and self-disclosed location. These factors may not always accurately reflect the user's actual location. For example, a user may appear to be accessing our products from the location of the proxy server that the user connects to rather than from the user's actual location. The methodologies used to measure our metrics are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. In addition, from time to time we provide, or rely on, certain other metrics and estimates, including those relating to the reach and effectiveness of our ads. Many of our metrics involve the use of estimations and judgments, and our metrics and estimates are subject to software bugs, inconsistencies in our systems, and human error. Such metrics and estimates also change from time to time due to improvements or changes in our terminology or methodology, including as a result of loss of access to data signals we use in calculating such metrics and estimates. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to litigation as well as marketer, regulatory, and other inquiries regarding the accuracy of such metrics and estimates. Where marketers, developers, or investors do not perceive our metrics or estimates to be accurate, or where we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics or estimates, we may be subject to liability, our reputation may be harmed, and marketers and developers may be less willing to allocate their budgets or resources to our products that deliver ad impressions, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our scale. Our employee headcount and the scale and complexity of our business have increased significantly over time. The scale of our business and breadth of our products create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources, including managing multiple relationships with users, marketers, developers, and other third parties, and maintaining information technology systems and internal controls and procedures that support the scale and complexity of our business. To effectively manage our scale, we must maintain, and continue to adapt, our operational, financial, and 29 Table of Contents management processes and systems, manage our headcount and facilities, and effectively train and manage our personnel. Many of our personnel work remotely, which may lead to challenges in productivity and collaboration. In addition, from time to time, we implement organizational changes to pursue greater efficiency and realign our business and strategic priorities. For example, in 2022 and 2023, we announced several initiatives, including restructurings, employee layoffs, and measures to scale down our office facilities. These efforts also subject us to risks such as greater than anticipated costs, adverse effects on employee retention, and increased difficulty managing the scale and complexity of our business. For example, we could face delays or challenges with product development, other business and strategic initiatives, or legal and regulatory compliance, as well as other disruptions to our operations. As our organization continues to evolve, and we are required to implement and adapt complex organizational management structures, we may find it difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. Any of these developments could negatively affect our business, reputation, or financial results. We have significant international operations, which subject us to increased business, economic, and legal risks that could affect our financial results. We have significant international operations. We currently make our Family products available in a total of more than 100 different languages, and we have offices or data centers in approximately 40 different countries. We may enter new international regions where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying our products. Our products are generally available globally, but some or all of our products or functionality may not be available in certain regions due to legal and regulatory complexities. For example, several of our products are not generally available in China. We also outsource certain operational functions to third parties globally. If we fail to deploy, manage, or oversee our international operations successfully, our business may suffer. In addition, we are subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: • political, social, or economic instability; • risks related to legal, regulatory, and other government scrutiny applicable to U.S. companies with sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy, tax, law enforcement, content, trade compliance, supply chain, competition, consumer protection, intellectual property, environmental, health and safety, accessibility, licensing, and infrastructure matters; • potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship or requirements to provide user information to local authorities; • enhanced difficulty in reviewing content on our platform and enforcing our community standards, terms of service, and other policies across different languages and countries; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates and compliance with currency controls; • foreign exchange controls and tax and other regulations and orders that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the United States or otherwise limit our ability to move cash freely, and impede our ability to invest such cash efficiently; • higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud; • enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions; • burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including laws related to taxation, content removal, content moderation, data localization, data protection, competition, e-commerce and payments, and regulatory oversight; • reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; • difficulties in staffing, managing, and overseeing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations, including difficulties arising from personnel working remotely; • compliance with statutory equity requirements and management of tax consequences; and • geopolitical events affecting us, our marketers or our industry, including trade disputes, armed conflicts, and 30 Table of Contents pandemics. In addition, we must manage the potential conflicts between locally accepted business practices in any given jurisdiction and our obligations to comply with laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws or regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. We also must manage our obligations to comply with laws and regulations related to import and export controls, trade restrictions, and sanctions, including regulations established by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. Government agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against companies for violations of anti-corruption laws or regulations, import and export controls, trade restrictions, sanctions, and other laws, rules, and regulations. If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our financial results could be adversely affected. We also may be required to or elect to cease or modify our operations or the offering of our products and services in certain regions, including as a result of the risks described above, which could adversely affect our business, user growth and engagement, and financial results. We face design, manufacturing, and supply chain risks with respect to our consumer hardware products that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results. We face a number of risks related to design, manufacturing, and supply chain management with respect to our consumer hardware products. For example, the consumer hardware products we sell from time to time have had, and in the future may have, quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the products, or from the software used in the products. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. Our brand and financial results could be adversely affected by any such quality issues, other failures to meet our customers' expectations, or findings of our consumer hardware products to be defective. We rely on third parties to manufacture and manage the logistics of transporting and distributing our consumer hardware products, which subjects us to a number of risks. The manufacturing of our consumer hardware products depends on a small number of third parties, often with significant operations in a single region such as Asia. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, supply or labor shortages, strikes or other disruptions in logistics and the supply chain, which could result in shipping delays and negatively impact our operations, product development, and sales. We could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage with fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties, manufacturing or supply constraints, or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of such arrangements with them. The manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our consumer hardware products also may be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical challenges, trade disputes, or other actions by governments or non-state actors (including international conflicts, tariffs, sanctions, export controls, and other measures that restrict international trade) that subject us to supply shortages, increased costs, or supply chain or logistics disruptions. We also require the suppliers and business partners of our consumer hardware products to comply with laws and certain company policies regarding sourcing practices and standards on labor, trade compliance, health and safety, the environment, and business ethics, but we do not control them or their practices and standards and have experienced violations of these requirements from time to time. If any supplier or business partner violates laws, fails to implement changes in accordance with newly enacted laws, or implements practices or standards regarded as unethical, corrupt, or non-compliant, we could experience supply chain disruptions, government action or fines, canceled orders, or damage to our reputation. We face inventory risk with respect to our consumer hardware products. We are exposed to inventory risks with respect to our consumer hardware products as a result of rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, unsafe or defective merchandise, supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our consumer hardware products, higher tariffs that increase consumer prices, and other factors. The demand for our products can also change significantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. While we endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking consumer hardware products we may sell, from time to time we have experienced difficulties in accurately predicting and meeting the consumer demand for our products. In addition, when we begin selling or manufacturing a new consumer hardware product or enter new international regions, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may require significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. 31 Table of Contents Any one of the foregoing factors may adversely affect our operating results. We are involved in numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are involved in numerous lawsuits, including stockholder derivative lawsuits and putative class action lawsuits, many of which claim statutory damages and/or seek significant changes to our business operations, and we anticipate that we will continue to be a target for numerous lawsuits in the future. Because of the scale of our user, advertiser, and developer base, the plaintiffs in class action cases filed against us typically claim enormous monetary damages even if the alleged per-user or entity harm is small or non-existent. In addition, we have faced, currently face, and will continue to face additional class action and other lawsuits based on claims related to advertising, antitrust, privacy, security, biometrics, content, algorithms, copyright, user well-being, younger users, employment, contingent workers, activities on our platform, consumer protection, unfair and deceptive trade practices, or product performance or other claims related to the use of consumer hardware and software, including virtual reality technology and products, which are new and unproven. For example, we are currently the subject of multiple putative class action suits in connection with our platform and user data practices and the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies; the disclosure of our earnings results for the second quarter of 2018; our acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp, as well as other alleged anticompetitive conduct; a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents beginning in September 2021; the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021; and allegations that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher prices. We are also the subject of multiple lawsuits related to our alleged use of biometric technology, our alleged recommendation of and/or failure to remove harmful content, information from third-party websites or apps via our business tools, our alleged use of copyright-protected content, or data that we allegedly improperly scraped or acquired, to train our AI models, and allegations that Facebook and Instagram cause "social media addiction" in users and allegations of violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We have seen an increase in litigation and threatened claims related to the provision of our services to younger users, and expect to face similar litigation in the future, including as global youth-related regulation continues to evolve. The results of any such lawsuits and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and any negative outcome from any such lawsuits could result in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or undesirable changes to our products or business practices, and accordingly our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurances that a favorable final outcome will be obtained in all our cases, and defending any lawsuit is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. Any litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal or in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms, which has occurred in the past and which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, or results of operations. We plan to continue to make acquisitions and pursue other strategic transactions, which could impact our financial condition or results of operations and may adversely affect the price of our common stock. As part of our business strategy, we have made and intend to continue to make acquisitions to add specialized employees and complementary companies, products, or technologies, and from time to time may enter into other strategic transactions such as investments and joint ventures. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions on favorable terms, or at all, including as a result of regulatory challenges. For example, we completed our divestiture of Giphy in 2023 following the United Kingdom Competition and Markets Authority's order directing us to divest Giphy post-acquisition. In addition, although we were able to successfully complete the acquisition after prevailing in federal court, the FTC sought to enjoin our proposed acquisition of Within Unlimited. In some cases, the costs of such acquisitions or other strategic transactions may be substantial, and there is no assurance that we will realize expected synergies and potential monetization opportunities for our acquisitions or a favorable return on investment for our strategic investments. 32 Table of Contents We may pay substantial amounts of cash or incur debt to pay for acquisitions or other strategic transactions, which has occurred in the past and could adversely affect our liquidity. The incurrence of indebtedness also results in increased fixed obligations and increased interest expense, and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. From time to time we may also issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions or other strategic transactions and we regularly grant restricted stock units to retain the employees of acquired companies, which could increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial results, and result in dilution to our stockholders. In addition, any acquisitions or other strategic transactions we announce could be viewed negatively by users, marketers, developers, or investors, which may adversely affect our business or the price of our Class A common stock. We may also discover liabilities, deficiencies, or other claims associated with the companies or assets we acquire that were not identified in advance, which may result in significant unanticipated costs. The effectiveness of our due diligence review and our ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence are dependent upon the accuracy and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by the companies we acquire or their representatives, as well as the limited amount of time in which acquisitions are executed. In addition, we may fail to accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition or other strategic transaction, including tax and accounting charges. Acquisitions or other strategic transactions may also result in our recording of significant additional expenses to our results of operations and recording of substantial finite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet upon closing. Any of these factors may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We may not be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions, and we incur significant costs to integrate and support the companies we acquire. The integration of acquisitions requires significant time and resources, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience, and we may not manage these processes successfully. We have made, and may in the future make, substantial investments of resources to support our acquisitions, which can result in significant ongoing operating expenses and the diversion of resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We cannot assure you that these investments will be successful. If we fail to successfully integrate the companies we acquire, we may not realize the benefits expected from the transaction and our business may be harmed. We have had, and may in the future have, exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. Our tax obligations, including income and non-income taxes, are based in part on our corporate operating structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we operate our business, develop, value, manage, protect, and use our intellectual property, and the valuations of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation. Certain jurisdictions have applied novel or aggressive interpretations of their laws in an effort to raise additional tax revenue from companies such as Meta, and we may experience similar developments in the future. We are subject to regular review and audit by U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken, including our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For example, in 2016 and 2018, the IRS issued formal assessments relating to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries in conjunction with the examination of the 2010 through 2013 tax years. Although we disagree with the IRS' position and are litigating this issue, the ultimate resolution is uncertain and, if resolved in a manner unfavorable to us, may adversely affect our financial results. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our provision for income taxes is determined by the manner in which we operate our business, and any changes to such operations or laws applicable to such operations may affect our effective tax rate. Although we believe that our provision for income taxes and estimates of our non-income tax liabilities are reasonable, the ultimate settlement may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. Our future income tax rates could be volatile and difficult to predict due to changes in jurisdictional profit split, changes in the amount and recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles. 33 Table of Contents Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For example, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) enacted in July 2025 had a significant impact on our tax obligations and effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2025. The issuance of additional regulatory or accounting guidance related to the OBBBA or other executive or Congressional actions in the United States or globally could materially affect our tax obligations and significantly impact our effective tax rate in the period such guidance is issued or such actions take effect, and in future periods. In addition, many countries have recently proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have enacted new laws that could significantly increase our tax obligations in many countries where we do business or require us to change the manner in which we operate our business. Over the last several years, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has been working on a Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project that, if implemented, would change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business. A number of countries have enacted legislation to implement the OECD’s 15% global minimum tax regime. As additional jurisdictions enact legislation, transitional relief expires, and other provisions of the minimum tax legislation become effective, our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years. Similarly, the European Commission and several countries have issued proposals that would apply to various aspects of the current international tax rules under which we are taxed. These proposals include changes to the existing rules to calculate income tax, as well as proposals to change or impose new types of non-income taxes, including taxes based on a percentage of revenue. For example, several jurisdictions have proposed or enacted taxes applicable to certain digital services, which include business activities on digital advertising and online marketplaces, and which apply to our business. In the absence of active OECD discussions, countries may continue imposing unilateral tax measures, such as digital services taxes, outside existing treaty frameworks. These measures may proliferate in the absence of bilateral or multilateral agreement. The European Commission has conducted investigations in multiple countries focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provides preferential tax treatment that violates European Union state aid rules and concluded that certain member states, including Ireland, have provided illegal state aid in certain cases. These investigations may result in changes to the tax treatment of our foreign operations. In addition, ongoing volatility due to international trade may prompt foreign governments to expand regulatory authority or adopt new measures, increasing compliance risks, taxes, and operational complexities. Due to the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, many of these types of changes to the taxation of our activities described above could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Such changes may also apply retroactively to our historical operations and result in taxes greater than the amounts estimated and recorded in our financial statements. Given our levels of share-based compensation, our tax rate has in the past varied, and may in the future vary, significantly depending on our stock price. The tax effects of the accounting for share-based compensation have in the past impacted, and may in the future impact, our effective tax rate, sometimes significantly, from period to period. In periods in which our stock price varies from the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, we will recognize excess tax benefits or shortfalls that may impact our effective tax rate. Following the enactment of OBBBA, excess tax benefits from share-based compensation may not be realizable as a result of the Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (CAMT). In future periods in which our stock price varies in comparison to the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, our effective tax rate may be inversely impacted. The amount and value of share-based compensation issued relative to our earnings in a particular period will also affect the magnitude of the impact of share-based compensation on our effective tax rate. In future periods, the tax effects of share-based compensation are dependent on our stock price, which we do not control, the CAMT system, and future changes in tax laws. 34 Table of Contents If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. We review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable, such as a decline in stock price and market capitalization. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually. If such goodwill or intangible assets are deemed to be impaired, an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be recognized. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined, which would negatively affect our results of operations. The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business. We currently depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel, including Mark Zuckerberg. Mr. Zuckerberg and certain other members of management participate in various high-risk activities, such as combat sports, extreme sports, and recreational aviation, which carry the risk of serious injury and death. If Mr. Zuckerberg were to become unavailable for any reason, there could be a material adverse impact on our operations. The loss of other key personnel, including members of management as well as key engineering, product development, science, research, marketing, and sales personnel, could also disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot guarantee we will continue to attract and retain the personnel we need to maintain our competitive position. In particular, we expect to continue to face significant challenges in hiring specialized technical personnel, particularly senior engineering and AI research talent, whether as a result of competition with other companies or other factors. As our company continues to evolve, the incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employees provided by our equity awards or by future arrangements may not be as effective as in the past. From time to time we issue significant equity to attract additional employees or to retain our existing employees, resulting in substantial additional share-based compensation expense and dilution to the ownership of our existing stockholders. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees may also be adversely affected by stock price volatility. In addition, restrictive immigration policies or legal or regulatory developments relating to immigration may negatively affect our efforts to attract and hire new personnel as well as retain our existing personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively or otherwise achieve our business objectives. Our CEO has control over key decision making as a result of his control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Mark Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, is able to exercise voting rights with respect to a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock and therefore has the ability to control the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that our other stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a transaction that our other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring our Class A common stock, which has limited voting power relative to the Class B common stock, and might harm the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the management and major strategic investments of our company as a result of his position as our CEO and his ability to control the election or, in some cases, the replacement of our directors. In the event of his death, the shares of our capital stock that Mr. Zuckerberg owns will be transferred to the persons or entities that he has designated. As a board member and officer, Mr. Zuckerberg owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Zuckerberg is entitled to vote his shares in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases and dividend payments could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and will diminish our cash reserves. Although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program that does not have an expiration date, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares of our Class A common stock. The specific timing and amount of any share repurchases, and the specific timing and amount of any 35 Table of Contents dividend payments, will depend on prevailing share prices, general economic and market conditions, company performance, and other considerations. We cannot guarantee that the repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The repurchase program and dividend payments could affect the trading price of our stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this repurchase program or dividend payments may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. In addition, this repurchase program and dividend payments will diminish our cash reserves. There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends. The payment of any cash dividends in the future is subject to continued capital availability, market conditions, applicable laws and agreements, and our board of directors continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders. The declaration and payment of any dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time, and there can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. Risks Related to Government Regulation and Enforcement Actions by governments that restrict access to Facebook or our other products in their countries, censor or moderate content on our products in their countries, or otherwise impair our ability to sell or deliver advertising in their countries, could substantially harm our business and financial results. Governments from time to time seek to censor or moderate content available on Facebook or our other products in their country, restrict access to our products from their country partially or entirely, or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of our products in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely. For example, user access to Facebook and certain of our other products has been or is currently restricted in whole or in part in China, Iran, and North Korea. In addition, government authorities in other countries may seek to restrict user access to our products if they consider us to be in violation of their laws or a threat to public safety or for other reasons, and certain of our products have been restricted by governments in other countries from time to time. For example, in 2020, Hong Kong adopted a National Security Law that provides authorities with the ability to obtain information, remove and block access to content, and suspend user services, and if we are found to be in violation of this law then the use of our products may be restricted. Hong Kong has passed additional national security legislation in 2024. In addition, if we are required to or elect to make changes to our marketing and sales or other operations in Hong Kong as a result of the National Security Law or other legislation, our revenue and business in the region will be adversely affected. In addition, in connection with the war in Ukraine in 2022, access to Facebook and Instagram was restricted in Russia and the services were then prohibited by the Russian government, which has adversely affected, and will likely continue to adversely affect, our revenue and business in the region. It is also possible that government authorities could take action that impairs our ability to sell or deliver advertising, including in countries where access to our consumer-facing products may be blocked or restricted. For example, we generate meaningful revenue from a small number of resellers serving advertisers based in China, and it is possible that the Chinese, United States, or other government could take action that reduces or eliminates our China-based advertising revenue, whether as a result of the trade dispute with the United States, including any tariffs implemented by the United States or China, in response to content issues or information requests in Hong Kong or elsewhere, or for other reasons, or take other action against us, such as imposing taxes or other penalties, which could adversely affect our financial results. Similarly, if we are found to be out of compliance with certain legal requirements for companies in Turkey, the Turkish government could take action to reduce or eliminate our Turkey-based advertising revenue or otherwise adversely impact access to our products. In the event that content shown on Facebook or our other products is subject to censorship, access to our products is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries, we are required to or elect to make changes to our operations, or other restrictions are imposed on our products, or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate new geographic markets or capture a greater share of existing geographic markets that we cannot access or where we face other restrictions, our ability to retain or increase our user base, user engagement, or the level of advertising by marketers may be adversely affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected. 36 Table of Contents Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data combination, data protection, content, AI, competition, youth, safety, consumer protection, advertising, e-commerce, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our products and business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data use, data combination, data protection and personal information, the provision of our services to younger users, biometrics, encryption, rights of publicity, content, integrity, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, data localization and storage, data disclosure, AI and machine learning, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product liability, medical devices, e-commerce, taxation, economic or other trade controls including sanctions, export controls, anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. In addition, these U.S. and foreign laws and regulations may impose different obligations from each other and create the potential for significant fines to be imposed or other consequences such as changes to our products or business practices. These U.S. federal and state, EU, and other international laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. For example, regulatory or legislative actions or litigation concerning the manner in which we display content to our users, moderate content, provide our services to younger users, or are able to use data in various ways, including for advertising, have in the past and could in the future adversely affect user growth and engagement, affect the manner in which we provide our services, or adversely affect our financial results, including by imposing significant fines that increasingly may be calculated based on global revenue. We are also subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. For example, the bases upon which we have relied for data transfers from the European Union to the United States have been subjected to regulatory and judicial scrutiny. The Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) invalidated the Privacy Shield in 2020 and also considered the validity of Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) as a basis to transfer user data from the European Union to the United States following a challenge brought by the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC). Although the CJEU upheld the validity of SCCs in 2020, in May 2023, the IDPC issued a Final Decision concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland’s reliance on SCCs in respect of certain transfers of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the GDPR. The IDPC issued an administrative fine of EUR €1.2 billion as well as corrective orders requiring Meta Platforms Ireland to suspend the relevant transfers and to bring its processing operations into compliance with Chapter V GDPR by ceasing the unlawful processing, including storage, of such data in the United States. We are appealing this Final Decision and it is currently subject to a stay from the Irish High Court. We have also implemented steps to comply with the above corrective orders and are pending the IDPC's confirmation that these address the corrective orders. During the course of this matter, in 2022, the European Union and United States reached an agreement on a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), which the European Commission deemed adequate in relation to U.S. data transfers in July 2023. The EU-U.S. DPF replaces two prior adequacy frameworks which were invalidated by the CJEU. A further invalidation of the EU-U.S. DPF by the CJEU could create considerable uncertainty and lead to us being unable to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook and Instagram, in Europe, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we have been managing investigations and lawsuits in India and other jurisdictions regarding the 2021 updates to WhatsApp's terms of service and privacy policy and its sharing of certain data with other Meta products and services, including a lawsuit currently pending before the Supreme Court of India and an order by the Competition Commission of India, which we are appealing. If we are unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are restricted from sharing data among our products and services, it could affect our ability to provide our services, the manner in which we provide our services or our ability to target ads, which could adversely affect our financial results. 37 Table of Contents We have been subject to other significant legislative and regulatory developments, which together with proposed or new legislation and regulations could significantly affect our business in the future. For example, we have implemented a number of product changes and controls as a result of requirements under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and may implement additional changes in the future. The GDPR also requires submission of personal data breach notifications to our lead European Union privacy regulator, the IDPC, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance with the notification obligation as well as other requirements of the regulation. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving, including through decisions of the CJEU, and draft decisions in investigations by the IDPC are subject to review by other European privacy regulators as part of the GDPR's consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes in the final outcome of such investigations. We also face potential enforcement from European privacy regulators other than the IDPC, including where those regulators consider they must act urgently or where they believe their concerns relate only to data processing undertaken in their individual jurisdiction. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty, and as it evolves, could potentially have a negative impact on our business and/or our operations. In addition, Brazil, the United Kingdom, and other countries have enacted similar data protection regulations imposing data privacy-related requirements on products and services offered to users in their respective jurisdictions. The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, also establishes certain transparency rules and creates certain data privacy rights for users, including limitations on our use of certain sensitive personal information and more ability for users to control the purposes for which their data is shared with third parties. Other states have proposed or enacted similar comprehensive privacy laws that afford users with similar data privacy rights and controls. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation, and resulting limitations on our advertising services, or reductions of advertising by marketers, have to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. Some states have also proposed or enacted laws specifically focused on whether and how a company can moderate content on its services, and/or on the privacy rights and controls for users under 18 years old and their parents or guardians. Like comprehensive privacy laws, these laws are evolving and subject to interpretation, and may restrict our ability to offer certain products and services provided to all or certain cohorts of users in those states, adversely affecting our advertising business. In Europe, evolving interpretation of the ePrivacy Directive's requirements regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies may lead to regulators imposing specific measures in the future which could directly impact our use of such technologies. In addition, the ePrivacy Directive and national implementation laws impose additional limitations on the use of data across messaging products and include significant penalties for non-compliance. Changes to our products or business practices as a result of these or similar developments have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our advertising business. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we announced plans to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent," and in November 2023 we began offering users in the region a "subscription for no ads" alternative. We are engaging with regulators on our consent model, including regarding compliance with requirements under the GDPR, DMA, and EU consumer laws. For example, in March 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings regarding the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" model with requirements under the DMA, and it issued preliminary findings in July 2024. In addition, the European Data Protection Board has published an opinion on the operation of such models under GDPR and European consumer protection organizations have raised concerns regarding our compliance with consumer protection laws. In response to these developments, in November 2024, we began offering users in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported by ads, an option to see less personalized ads (LPA), which are less relevant and effective than our premium ad offerings. In April 2025, the European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads" model does not comply with such requirements. We made significant modifications to LPA since the European Commission issued its final decision. We have appealed the European Commission's decision but further modifications to our model may be imposed during the appeal process, which could result in a materially worse user experience for European users and a significant impact to our European business and revenue. These or any similar developments in the future may negatively impact our user growth and engagement, revenue, and financial results. Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals or recently enacted laws in the European Union, the United States, at both the federal and state level, as well as other jurisdictions that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas affecting our business. For example, the DMA in the European Union imposes restrictions and requirements on companies like ours, including in areas such as the combination of data across services, mergers and acquisitions, and product design. The DMA also includes significant penalties for non-compliance, and its key requirements are enforceable against designated gatekeeper companies as of March 2024. The DMA has caused, and may in the future cause, us to incur significant compliance costs and make changes to our products or business practices. The requirements under the DMA will likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement. Pending or future proposals to modify competition laws 38 Table of Contents in a number of jurisdictions could have similar effects. Further, the DSA, which started to apply to our business as of August 2023, imposes certain restrictions and requirements for our products and services, subjects us to increased compliance costs, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance. In the UK, the OSA establishes similar types of obligations. The interpretation and enforcement of the DMA, DSA, and OSA, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, some countries, such as the UK, India, and Turkey, are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements, new competition requirements, or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could require substantial changes to our products, increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services, cause us to cease the offering of our products and services in certain countries, and/or result in fines or other penalties. We are also subject to new legislation or regulatory decisions that restrict our ability to collect and use information about minors or also limit our advertising services or our ability to offer products and services to minors in certain jurisdictions. For example, several U.S. states, including Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, New York, Texas, and Utah, among others, have passed laws restricting our ability to offer services to minors without parental consent or otherwise limiting the services that we can provide to minors. While enforcement of a number of these statutes (or parts of them) has been enjoined or stayed as a result of legal challenges to them, it is possible that the decisions to enjoin these statutes may be overturned, the injunctive orders may expire, and certain statutes are coming into effect that may not be subject to injunctions. Should enforcement of one or more of these statutes not be enjoined, we may not be able to comply with certain of these statutes by their respective effective dates. We are facing similar challenges in other jurisdictions, including Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. For example, various EU member states are currently considering a range of legislation from mandatory age verification requirements to banning minor access to social media services. In addition, recent legislation in Australia imposes a social media ban for users under 16 years old, requiring certain social media companies to take reasonable steps to ensure under 16 year olds do not hold user accounts. As a result of legislative proposals, new laws, and evolving interpretation of existing laws in Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and other jurisdictions, we are also, and expect to continue to be, subject to new requirements relating to allegedly fraudulent or illegal activities by third parties on our platform, which could continue to cause us to incur significant compliance costs or make changes to our products or business practices, and could subject us to additional fines and penalties or liability for losses to users or other third parties in such transactions. In addition, the Province of British Columbia has considered, and may in the future consider, a bill that would permit the government to recover public health-related costs potentially associated with providing goods and services in British Columbia, including potentially social media services. We are also subject to disclosure, reporting, and diligence requirements regarding our social and environmental risks and initiatives. There has been increased focus on these initiatives by many regulators, investors, and other stakeholders and any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable federal, state, local or international laws and regulations could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These laws and regulations, as well as any associated claims, inquiries, or investigations or any government actions, have led to, and may in the future lead to, unfavorable outcomes including increased compliance costs, changes to our products, loss of revenue, delays or impediments in the development of new products, negative publicity and reputational harm, increased operating costs, diversion of management time and attention, and remedies that harm our business, including fines, damages, or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices. We have been and remain subject to regulatory and other government investigations, enforcement actions, and settlements, and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings and other inquiries in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. We receive formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and regulators regarding our compliance with laws and regulations, many of which are evolving and subject to interpretation. We are and expect to continue to be the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly in the areas of privacy, data use, data combination, and data protection, including with respect to processing of sensitive data, data from third parties, data for advertising purposes, data security, minors, data subject rights, safety, law enforcement, consumer protection, civil rights, content and content moderation, use of our platform for illegal, illicit, or otherwise objectionable activity, competition, consumer hardware and software, including virtual reality technology and products, AI, generative AI, and machine learning. In addition, we are currently, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees. For example, data protection, competition, content, and consumer protection authorities in the European Union, United States, and other jurisdictions have initiated actions, investigations, or administrative orders seeking to restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or impose sanctions, and other 39 Table of Contents authorities may do the same. In addition, we have been and continue to be the subject of litigation and investigations related to the ways in which we collect and use information, including where advertisers are subject to additional regulation such as housing, employment, credit, and financial services. In addition, beginning in March 2018, we became subject to FTC, state attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions in connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies. In July 2019, we entered into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020 and, among other things, required us to significantly enhance our practices and processes for privacy compliance and oversight. Certain state attorneys general inquiries and litigation, and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing. The FTC also continues to monitor us and our compliance with the modified consent order and initiated an administrative proceeding against us, which we are challenging at the agency and in federal court, that alleges deficient compliance and violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the COPPA Rule, and Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and seeks changes to our business. If we are unsuccessful in our challenge to the FTC's action and the agency imposes its proposed order in its current form, we would be subject to significant limitations, including on our ability to launch new and modified products or use data of users under 18 years old. We also notify the IDPC, our lead European Union privacy regulator under the GDPR, and other regulators of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, issue similar notifications to European and other regulators under other laws (such as UK GDPR and Member State implementations of the ePrivacy Directive), and are subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other regulators regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. In addition, we are subject to inquiries and investigations by the European Commission regarding our compliance with various provisions of the DSA relating to the use of Facebook and Instagram, including matters related to elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, and minors and other vulnerable users. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to penalties, fines, and requirements to change our business practices as a result of such inquiries and investigations. In addition, in July 2024, we entered into a settlement to resolve a lawsuit by the state of Texas in connection with the "tag suggestions" feature and other uses of facial recognition technology. We are also subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions, which relate to many aspects of our business, including with respect to users and advertisers. Such inquiries, investigations, and lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of social networking or social media services, messaging services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, beginning in 2019, we became the subject of antitrust inquiries and investigations by the FTC and the U.S. Department of Justice. Beginning in 2020, we became subject to a lawsuit by the FTC alleging that we violated antitrust laws, including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014. The complaint seeks a permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief, including divestiture or reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. In addition, in November 2024, the European Commission issued a fine as a result of its finding that we tied Facebook Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes European Union competition rules. We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and disclosure practices. For example, beginning in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and requests relating to allegations and the release of internal company documents by a former employee. Orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for our personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to our products or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business, and we have experienced some of these adverse effects to varying degrees from time to time. Compliance with our FTC consent order, the GDPR, U.S. state privacy laws, youth social media laws, the ePrivacy Directive, the DMA, the DSA, the OSA, and other regulatory and legislative privacy requirements require significant operational resources and modifications to our business practices, and any compliance failures may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results. We are engaged in ongoing privacy compliance and oversight efforts, including in connection with our modified consent order with the FTC, requirements of the GDPR and UK GDPR, and other current and anticipated regulatory and legislative requirements around the world, such as U.S. state privacy laws, youth social media laws, the ePrivacy Directive, 40 Table of Contents DMA, DSA, OSA, EU AI Act, the Korean Personal Information Protection Act, and the Indian Digital Personal Data Protection Act. In particular, we are maintaining a comprehensive privacy program in connection with the FTC consent order that includes substantial management and board of directors oversight, stringent operational requirements and reporting obligations, prohibitions against making misrepresentations relating to user data, a process to regularly certify our compliance with the privacy program to the FTC, and regular assessments of our privacy program by an independent third-party assessor, which has been and will continue to be challenging and costly to maintain and enhance. These compliance and oversight efforts are increasing demand on our systems and resources, and require significant new and ongoing investments, including investments in compliance processes, personnel, and technical infrastructure. We continually reallocate resources internally to assist with these efforts, and this has had, and will continue to have, an adverse impact on our other business initiatives. In addition, these efforts require substantial modifications to our business practices and make some practices such as product and ads development more difficult, time-consuming, and costly. As a result, we believe our ability to develop and launch new features, products, and services in a timely manner has been and will continue to be adversely affected. Further, our privacy compliance and oversight efforts have required, and we expect will continue to require, significant time and attention from our management and board of directors. The requirements of the FTC consent order and other privacy-related laws and regulations are complex and apply broadly to our business, and from time to time we notify relevant authorities of instances where we are not in full compliance with these requirements or otherwise discover privacy issues, and we expect to continue to do so as any such issues arise in the future. In addition, regulatory and legislative privacy requirements are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change and uncertain interpretation. For example, we are subject to restrictions and requirements under the DMA, including in areas such as the combination of data across services and product design, which will likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement. The FTC initiated an administrative proceeding against us alleging, among other things, deficient compliance with the FTC consent order and seeking substantial modifications to the requirements of the consent order, including a prohibition on our use of minors' data for any commercial purposes, changes to the composition of our board of directors, and significant limitations on our ability to modify and launch new products. We are challenging the FTC's administrative proceeding. If the challenge is unsuccessful and the FTC is able to impose the proposed order in its current form, it would limit our ability to provide certain features and services, engage in certain business practices, require us to further increase the time, resources, and costs we spend on compliance and oversight efforts, and would adversely affect our business and financial results. If we are unable to successfully implement and comply with the mandates of the FTC consent order (including any future modifications to the order), GDPR and UK GDPR, U.S. state privacy laws, youth social media laws, ePrivacy Directive, DMA, DSA, or other regulatory or legislative requirements, or if any relevant authority believes that we are in violation of the consent order or other applicable requirements, we may be subject to regulatory or governmental investigations or lawsuits, which may result in significant monetary fines or damages (including for loss of control of data without other damage), judgments, penalties, or other remedies, and we may also be required to make additional changes to our business practices. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results. We may incur liability as a result of information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet or published using our products or as a result of claims related to our products, and legislation regulating content on our platform may require us to change our products or business practices and may adversely affect our business and financial results. We have faced, currently face, and will continue to face claims and government and regulatory inquiries relating to information or content that is published or made available on our products, including claims, inquiries, and investigations relating to our policies, algorithms, and enforcement decisions with respect to such information or content. In particular, the nature of our business exposes us to claims and inquiries related to defamation, dissemination of misinformation or news hoaxes, deceptive and fraudulent advertising, sanctions, discrimination, harassment, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity and privacy, personal injury torts, laws regulating hate speech or other types of content, on- or offline safety and well-being (such as acts of violence, terrorism, improper promotion or distribution of pharmaceuticals and illicit drugs, human exploitation, child exploitation, illegal gaming, and other fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity), products liability, consumer protection, and breach of contract, among others. For example, over the last several years we have seen an increase in claims brought by or on behalf of younger users, including claims related to well-being issues based on allegedly harmful content that is shared on or recommended by our products. In addition, we have been subject to litigation alleging that our ad targeting and delivery practices constitute violations of anti-discrimination laws. The potential risks relating to any of the foregoing types of claims are currently enhanced in certain jurisdictions outside the United States where our protection from liability for third-party actions may be unclear or where we may be less 41 Table of Contents protected under local laws than we are in the United States. For example, in April 2019, the European Union passed a directive (the European Copyright Directive) expanding online platform liability for copyright infringement and regulating certain uses of news content online, which the EU member states have since implemented into their national laws. In addition, the European Union revised the European Audiovisual Media Service Directive to apply to online video-sharing platforms, which member states are implementing. Additionally, in June 2025, the Brazilian Supreme Court partially invalidated the country's intermediary liability framework, which previously limited platform responsibility for third-party content. The new court-established liability framework requires platforms to remove unlawful content upon private notice and to implement adequate measures to prevent and remove illegal ads and content related to certain crimes under local law, resulting in civil liability in case of non-compliance. As a result, we anticipate making product and operational changes to our content reporting processes in Brazil and may face increased litigation and/or regulatory enforcement. In the United States, in 2023, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral argument in a matter in which the scope of the protections available to online platforms under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (Section 230) was at issue, but it ultimately declined to address Section 230 in its decision. There also have been, and continue to be, various other litigation concerning, and state and federal legislative and executive efforts to remove or restrict, the scope of the protections under Section 230, as well as to impose new obligations on online platforms with respect to commerce listings, user access and content, including electoral-related and AI-generated content, counterfeit goods and copyright-infringing material, and our current protections from liability for third-party content in the United States could decrease or change. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, significant damages. We could also face fines, orders restricting or blocking our services in particular geographies, or other judicial or government-imposed remedies as a result of content hosted on our services. For example, legislation in Germany and India has resulted, and may result in the future, in the imposition of fines or other penalties for failure to comply with certain content removal, law enforcement cooperation, and disclosure obligations. Numerous other countries in Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America are considering or have implemented similar legislation imposing liability or potentially significant penalties, including fines, service throttling, or advertising bans, for failure to remove certain types of content or follow certain processes. For example, we have been subject to fines and may in the future be subject to other penalties in connection with social media legislation in Turkey, and we have been subject to fines and service blocking and prohibition in Russia. Content-related legislation also has required us, and may require us in the future, to change our products or business practices, increase our costs, or otherwise impact our operations or our ability to provide services in certain geographies. For example, the European Copyright Directive requires certain online services to obtain authorizations for copyrighted content or to implement measures to prevent the availability of that content, which may require us to make substantial investments in compliance processes. Member states' laws implementing the European Copyright Directive may also require online platforms to pay for content. In addition, our products and services are subject to restrictions and requirements, and we are subject to increased compliance costs, and potential fines or other penalties in the event of non-compliance, as a result of the Digital Services Act in the European Union, which started to apply to our business as of August 2023, and other content-related legislative developments such as the Online Safety and Media Regulation Act in Ireland and the Online Safety Act in the United Kingdom. Certain countries and U.S. states have also implemented or proposed legislation that may require us to pay publishers for certain news content shared on our products. For example, as a result of such legislation in Canada, we have ended the availability of news content for Canadian users on Facebook and Instagram. In the United States, changes to the protections available under Section 230 or the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution or new state or federal content-related legislation or investigations may increase our costs or require significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations, which could adversely affect user growth and engagement. Any of the foregoing events could adversely affect our business and financial results. Payment-related activities may subject us to additional regulatory requirements, regulatory actions, and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business. Several of our products offer Payments functionality, including enabling our users to purchase tangible, virtual, and digital goods from merchants and developers that offer applications using our Payments infrastructure, send money to other users, and make donations to certain charitable organizations, among other activities. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere, including those governing anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing, money transmission, stored value, gift cards and other prepaid access instruments, electronic funds transfer, virtual currency, consumer protection, charitable fundraising, economic sanctions, and import and export restrictions. In addition, we could become subject to new consumer protection laws and regulations that may be adopted or amended, including those related to payments activity as well as sharing, collection, and use of payments-related data. Depending on how our Payments products evolve, we may also be subject to other laws and regulations including those 42 Table of Contents governing gambling, banking, and lending. In some jurisdictions, the application or interpretation of these laws and regulations is not clear. We have received certain payments licenses in the United States and other jurisdictions for our regulated Payments-related products and activities. These licenses increase flexibility in how our use of Payments may evolve, help mitigate regulatory uncertainty, and will generally require us to demonstrate compliance with many domestic and foreign laws in relation to our licensed Payments products and activities. Our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations could be costly and result in diversion of management time and attention and may still not guarantee compliance. In the event that we are found to be in violation of any such legal or regulatory requirements, we may be subject to monetary fines or other penalties such as a cease and desist order, or we may be required to make product changes, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, we are subject to a variety of additional risks as a result of Payments transactions, including: increased costs and diversion of management time and attention and other resources to address bad transactions or customer disputes; potential fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity by users, developers, employees, or third parties; restrictions on the investment of consumer funds used to transact Payments; and additional disclosure and reporting requirements. We have also launched payments functionality on certain of our applications and may in the future undertake additional payments initiatives, including as part of our metaverse efforts, which may subject us to many of the foregoing risks and additional licensing requirements. Risks Related to Data, Security, Platform Integrity, and Intellectual Property Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. Our industry is prone to cyber-attacks by parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or users' data or to disrupt our ability to provide service or otherwise harm us. Our products and services involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large amount of data. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, including personal information, content, or payment information from users, information from marketers, and other intellectual property or content on our systems, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, which could harm our business and reputation and diminish our competitive position. In addition, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping, and general hacking continue to be prevalent in our industry, have occurred on our systems, and will occur on our systems in the future. We also regularly encounter attempts to create false or undesirable user accounts, purchase ads, or take other actions on our platform for purposes such as spamming, spreading misinformation, or other illegal, illicit, or otherwise objectionable ends. As a result of our prominence, the size of our user base, the types and volume of personal data and content on our systems, and the evolving nature of our products and services (including our efforts involving new and emerging technologies), we believe that we are a particularly attractive target for such breaches and attacks, including from nation states and highly sophisticated, state-sponsored, or otherwise well-funded actors, and we experience heightened risk from time to time as a result of geopolitical events. Our efforts to address undesirable activity on our platform also increase the risk of retaliatory attacks. Such breaches and attacks may cause interruptions to the services we provide, degrade the user experience or otherwise adversely affect users, cause users or marketers to lose confidence and trust in our products, impair our internal systems or product development, or result in financial harm to us. Our efforts to protect our company data or the information we receive, and to prevent or disable undesirable activities on our platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs, misconfigurations, vulnerabilities, or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance; social engineering or other cyber-attacks directed towards our personnel or their access; misuse of company data or systems by our personnel; defects or vulnerabilities in our

--- VENDORS ---
vendors' information technology systems or offerings; government exploitation or surveillance; breaches of physical security of our facilities, technical infrastructure, or other equipment; or other threats that evolve. In addition, other parties may attempt to fraudulently or maliciously induce employees, contractors, vendors, or users to disclose information in order to gain access to our data or our users' data. Our AI initiatives and other efforts to develop and launch new features, products, and services in a timely manner may introduce additional risks and vulnerabilities that are not fully mitigated. In particular, our efforts to develop and deploy AI models, internal and third-party AI tools, and other AI applications expose us to increased and novel risks and vulnerabilities, including prompt injection, errors, and other issues related to AI agents, as well as compromise of valuable intellectual property including source code, model weights, and other assets. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and user data, to reduce the risk of data loss or misuse, to disable undesirable accounts and activities on our platform, and to reduce the risk of or detect security breaches, such measures will not provide absolute security, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to react in a timely manner to any cyber-attacks or other security incidents, or that our remediation 43 Table of Contents efforts will be successful. Our business and operations span numerous geographies around the world and involve thousands of employees, contractors, vendors, developers, partners, and other third parties, including AI and cloud services. At any given time, we face known and unknown cybersecurity risks and threats that are not fully mitigated, and we discover vulnerabilities in our security efforts. In addition, some of our developers or other partners, such as those that help us measure the effectiveness of ads, may receive or store information provided by us or by our users through mobile or web applications integrated with our products. We provide limited information to such third parties based on the scope of services provided to us. However, if these third parties or developers fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, our data or our users' data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. We regularly experience such cyber-attacks and other security incidents of varying degrees, and we incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating such incidents. In addition, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, including the GDPR and EU member state laws implementing the EU Cybersecurity Directive (NIS2), as well as obligations under our modified consent order with the FTC. As a result, government authorities, affected users, or other parties could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of data, or other cybersecurity issues, which has occurred in the past and which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Such incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a decline in our active user base or engagement levels. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, or financial results. Intentional misuse of our services and user data and other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform could adversely affect our business. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intentional misuse of our services and user data by third parties, as well as other undesirable, illicit, or high-risk activity on our platform. We are making significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and content and advertising review efforts to combat these activities, including investigations and audits of platform applications, as well as other enforcement efforts. We have discovered and announced, and anticipate that we will continue to discover and announce, additional incidents of misuse of user data or other undesirable or illicit activity by third parties or malfeasant internal actors. We will not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data or technical limitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, the allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by the independent privacy assessor required under our modified consent order with the FTC, government authorities, the media, or other third parties. Such incidents and activities include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of hacked, false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper advertising practices, activities that threaten people's safety or well-being on- or offline (such as acts of violence, terrorism, improper promotion or distribution of pharmaceuticals and illicit drugs, human exploitation, child exploitation, and illegal gaming), instances of spamming, surveillance, scraping, data harvesting, unsecured datasets, or spreading misinformation, or other fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity. From time to time we are unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise prevent or remediate any such incidents. We may also be subject to increased risk as a result of the use of AI technologies in connection with such incidents and activities, or changes to our content policies and enforcement efforts from time to time. Consequences of any of the foregoing developments include negative effects on user trust and engagement, harm to our reputation and brands, changes to our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and adverse effects on our business and financial results. Such developments have subjected, and may in the future subject, us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could subject us to monetary penalties and damages, divert management's time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could adversely affect our business. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware, including software and hardware developed or 44 Table of Contents maintained internally and/or by third parties (including public cloud providers, AI technologies and services, open source software, and the operating systems and browsers which users rely on to run our applications and access our systems), that is highly technical and complex. In addition, our products and internal systems depend on the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data. The software and hardware on which we rely has contained, and will in the future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, and our systems are subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities inherently may be difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. We also face risks from errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities introduced through the use of AI to develop or maintain software or systems and the use of AI within those software and systems. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which we rely, or human error or malfeasance in using such systems, have led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including a negative experience or other adverse effects for users and marketers who use our products, compromised ability of our products to perform in a manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or policies, delayed product introductions or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability to protect the data of our users and/or our intellectual property or other data or to address violating activity on our platform, or reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. For example, we make commitments to our users as to how their data will be collected, used, shared, and retained within and across our products, and our systems, and the software and hardware on which we rely, are subject to errors, bugs and technical limitations that may prevent us from fulfilling these commitments reliably. In addition, any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems or the software and hardware on which we rely, failures to properly address or mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated degradations or interruptions of service or failures to fulfill our commitments to our users, have led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including damage to our reputation, loss of users, loss of marketers, loss of revenue, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality, assignment, and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, and domain name protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. In the United States and internationally, we have filed various applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property, and we currently hold a significant number of registered trademarks and issued patents in multiple jurisdictions and have acquired patents and patent applications from third parties. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we operate or intend to operate our business. In any or all of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense in order to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights. Although we have generally taken measures to protect our proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products or concepts that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. In addition, we regularly contribute software source code under open source and other permissive licenses and have made other technology we developed available under such licenses, and we include open source software in our products. Additionally, our AI is trained on data sets that may include open source software and the outputs of our AI may be subject to open source license restrictions or obligations. As a result of our open source contributions and the use of open source in our products, we may license or be required to license or disclose code and/or innovations that turn out to be material to our business and may also be exposed to increased litigation risk. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our products, services, and methods of operations. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. We are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to patent, trademark, and copyright lawsuits and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming and, if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Companies in the internet, technology, and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights, including in novel areas such as those relating to AI training and AI outputs. In addition, various "non-practicing entities" that own patents and other intellectual property rights often attempt to aggressively assert their rights in order to extract value from technology companies. Furthermore, from time to time we may introduce or acquire new products, including in areas where we historically have not competed, or introduce new features for existing products, 45 Table of Contents which could increase our exposure to intellectual property claims from competitors, non-practicing entities, and other rights holders. From time to time, we receive notice from patent, copyright, and trademark holders and other parties alleging that certain of our products and services, trademarks, or user content, infringe their intellectual property rights or that certain employees may have misappropriated trade secrets from their former employers. We presently are involved in a number of intellectual property lawsuits, and as we face increasing competition and develop new products and services, we expect the number of intellectual property claims against us to grow. For example, we and other companies are, and expect to continue to be, the subject of litigation in the United States, Europe, Canada, and elsewhere alleging copyright infringement in connection with the acquisition, distribution, and use of copyrighted materials for AI training as well as potential reproduction of copyrighted materials in AI outputs, including cases addressing the applicability of the fair use defense in the United States. There can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained in these cases. In addition, plaintiffs may seek, and we may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of any such litigation, including potential preliminary injunctions requiring us to change or cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle such lawsuits and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. Similarly, if any litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal. The terms of such a settlement or judgment may require us to change or cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial amounts to the other parties, including statutory damages to large numbers of copyright holders. For certain jurisdictions, including the United States, statutory damages for copyright liability are calculated on a per work basis, which may result in substantial damages, particularly given the large volumes of data required to train AI models. In addition, we may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party's rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or practices, or branding or discontinue the practices or branding. The development of alternative non-infringing technology, branding or practices could require significant effort and expense, could result in less effective technology, branding or practices or otherwise negatively affect the user experience, or may not be feasible. We have experienced unfavorable outcomes in such disputes and litigation in the past, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected as a result of an unfavorable resolution of the disputes and litigation referred to above. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile. The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. Since shares of our Class A common stock were sold in our initial public offering in May 2012 at a price of $38.00 per share, our stock price has ranged from $17.55 to $796.25 through December 31, 2025. In addition to the factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the trading price of our Class A common stock has in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results for either of our reportable segments; • the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet these projections; • actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; • additional shares of our stock being sold into the market by us, our existing stockholders, or in connection with acquisitions, or the anticipation of such sales; • investor sentiment with respect to our competitors, our business partners, and our industry in general; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; • announcements by us or estimates by third parties of actual or anticipated changes in the size of our user base, the level of user engagement, or the effectiveness of our ad products; 46 Table of Contents • changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of technology companies in our industry, including our developers and competitors; • price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; • the inclusion, exclusion, or deletion of our stock from any trading indices, such as the S&P 500 Index; • media coverage of our business and financial performance; • lawsuits threatened or filed against us, or developments in pending lawsuits; • adverse government actions or legislative or regulatory developments relating to advertising, competition, content, privacy, or other matters, including interim or final rulings by tax, judicial, or regulatory bodies; • trading activity in our share repurchase program; and • other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, and other disruptive external events, or responses to these events. In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. We are currently subject to securities litigation in connection with our platform and user data practices and the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies; the disclosure of our earnings results for the second quarter of 2018; a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents beginning in September 2021; and the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. Any securities litigation could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business. The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with our CEO and certain other holders of our Class B common stock; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Holders of our Class B common stock, including our founder, Chairman, and CEO, together hold a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, and therefore are able to control the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 9.1% of all outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future. Transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or charitable purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. If, for example, Mr. Zuckerberg retains a significant portion of his holdings of Class B common stock for an extended period of time, he could, in the future, continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Our status as a "controlled company" could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. Because we qualify as a "controlled company" under the corporate governance rules for Nasdaq-listed companies, we are not required to have a majority of our board of directors be independent, nor are we required to have a compensation committee or an independent nominating function. In the future we could elect not to have a majority of our board of directors be independent or not to have a compensation committee or an independent nominating function. Accordingly, should the interests of our controlling stockholder differ from those of other stockholders, the other stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance rules for Nasdaq-listed companies. Our status as a controlled company could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. 47 Table of Contents Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock. Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our current certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: • until the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than 35% of the combined voting power of our common stock, any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company requires the approval of a majority of our outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class; • we currently have a dual class common stock structure, which provides Mr. Zuckerberg with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if he owns significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock; • when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock; • when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, vacancies on our board of directors will be able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders; • when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors will only be able to be removed from office for cause; • when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and not by written consent; • only our board chair, our chief executive officer, our president, or a majority of our board of directors are authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; • advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders; • our certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established, and shares of which may be issued, without stockholder approval; and • certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity At Meta, cybersecurity risk management is an important part of our overall risk management efforts. Our industry is prone to cybersecurity threats and attacks, and we regularly experience cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees. We believe we are a particularly attractive target as a result of our prominence and scale, the types and volume of personal data and content on our systems, and the evolving nature of our products and services. Our products and services reach billions of users and involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large amount of data. In addition, our business and operations span numerous geographies around the world, involve thousands of employees, contractors, vendors, developers, 48 Table of Contents partners, and other third parties, and rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex. Our cybersecurity environment continues to evolve, including as we develop and deploy AI models, tools, and other applications and increase our use of public cloud and other third-party services. We maintain an information security program that is comprised of policies and controls designed to mitigate cybersecurity risk. However, at any given time, we face known and unknown cybersecurity risks and threats that are not fully mitigated, and we discover vulnerabilities in our program. We continuously work to enhance our information security program and risk management efforts. We use a risk management framework based on applicable laws and regulations, and informed by industry standards and industry-recognized practices, for managing cybersecurity risks within our products and services, infrastructure, and corporate resources. To identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats, we evaluate a variety of developments including threat intelligence, first- and third-party vulnerabilities, evolving regulatory requirements, and observed cybersecurity incidents, among others. We regularly conduct risk assessments to evaluate the maturity and effectiveness of our systems and processes in addressing cybersecurity threats and to identify areas for remediation and opportunities for enhancements. We also engage third-party security experts and consultants to assist with assessment and enhancement of our cybersecurity risk management processes, as well as benchmarking against industry practices. In addition, we operate a Bug Bounty program that invites independent cybersecurity researchers to investigate and explore potential security vulnerabilities in our products and report their findings to us. However, we may not be successful in fully addressing any such areas for remediation or enhancement. In addition, we maintain a privacy risk management program to assess privacy risks related to how we are collecting, using, sharing, and storing user data, which is subject to assessment by an independent, third-party privacy assessor. Our internal audit function provides independent assessment and assurance on the overall operations of our cybersecurity and privacy programs and the supporting control frameworks. These processes support informed risk-based decision-making and prioritization of cybersecurity countermeasures and risk mitigation strategies. Our risk mitigation strategies include a broad variety of technical and operational measures, as well as annual cybersecurity and privacy training for all of our employees. In addition, we maintain specific policies and practices governing our third-party security risks, including our third-party assessment (TPA) process. Under our TPA process, we gather information from certain third parties who contract with Meta and share or receive data, or have access to or integrate with our systems, in order to help us assess potential risks associated with their security controls. We also generally require third parties to, among other things, maintain security controls to protect our confidential information and data, and notify us of material data breaches that may impact our data. Our board of directors has oversight of our strategic and business risk management and has delegated cybersecurity risk management oversight to the Audit & Privacy Committee of our board of directors (Audit & Privacy Committee). Our Audit & Privacy Committee is responsible for ensuring that management has processes in place designed to identify and evaluate cybersecurity risks to which the company is exposed and to implement processes and programs to manage cybersecurity risks and mitigate cybersecurity incidents. In addition, the Audit & Privacy Committee oversees risks related to privacy and data use, including overseeing compliance with our comprehensive privacy program. Management is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing material cybersecurity risks on an ongoing basis, establishing processes to ensure that such potential cybersecurity risk exposures are monitored, putting in place appropriate mitigation measures, maintaining cybersecurity policies and procedures, and providing regular reports to our board of directors, including through the Audit & Privacy Committee. Our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), Guy Rosen, leads our cybersecurity program and oversees teams across the company supporting core security capabilities. These teams are comprised of personnel with a broad range of experience across the private and public sectors, the technology industry, and different geographic regions. Mr. Rosen has two decades of experience in various cybersecurity, software development, product management, and other technology-related roles. Mr. Rosen has served in a number of significant leadership roles at our company since 2013, including oversight of security, safety, and integrity initiatives, and was appointed as our CISO in 2022. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Rosen served in senior leadership, engineering, and operational roles across technology organizations. Our cybersecurity teams monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through a variety of technical and operational measures, and regularly report to our CISO. Our CISO is part of the senior management team at the company and regularly updates the Audit & Privacy Committee on our cybersecurity program, including cybersecurity risks, incidents, and mitigation strategies. In 2025, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot 49 Table of Contents eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, or provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents. For additional information about these risks, see Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
ComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2025-01-29 0001326801 us-gaap:ServiceLifeMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember meta:ServersAndNetworkAssetsComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember meta:ServersAndNetworkAssetsComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:BuildingMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:BuildingMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember meta:EquipmentAndOtherMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember meta:EquipmentAndOtherMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember meta:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember meta:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 country:US us-gaap:GeographicConcentrationRiskMember us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 country:US us-gaap:GeographicConcentrationRiskMember us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 country:US us-gaap:GeographicConcentrationRiskMember us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:AdvertisingMember meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:AdvertisingMember meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:AdvertisingMember meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ServiceOtherMember meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ServiceOtherMember meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ServiceOtherMember meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 meta:RealityLabsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:RealityLabsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:RealityLabsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 meta:USCanadaMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:USCanadaMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:USCanadaMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 srt:EuropeMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:EuropeMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 srt:EuropeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 meta:RestOfWorldMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:RestOfWorldMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:RestOfWorldMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 country:US 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 country:US 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 country:US 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:USGovernmentDebtAndAgencySecuritiesMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:USGovernmentDebtAndAgencySecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:USGovernmentDebtAndAgencySecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:USGovernmentDebtAndAgencySecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:ScaleAIMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:JioPlatformsLimitedMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:DataCenterCampusInLouisianaMember 2025-10-31 0001326801 meta:DataCenterCampusInLouisianaMember 2025-10-01 2025-10-31 0001326801 2025-10-31 0001326801 2025-10-01 2025-10-31 0001326801 meta:DataCenterCampusInLouisianaMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:LandMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:LandMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:ServersAndNetworkAssetsComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:ServersAndNetworkAssetsComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BuildingMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:BuildingMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:EquipmentAndOtherMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:EquipmentAndOtherMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:ServersAndNetworkAssetsComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:ServersAndNetworkAssetsComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:ServersAndNetworkAssetsComponentsStoredBySuppliersMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2023-12-31 0001326801 meta:RealityLabsMember 2023-12-31 0001326801 meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:RealityLabsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:FamilyOfAppsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:RealityLabsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:November2025DebtMember 2025-11-30 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember meta:August2022DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember meta:August2022DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:August2022DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:August2022DebtMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember meta:May2023DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember meta:May2023DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:May2023DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:May2023DebtMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember meta:August2024DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember meta:August2024DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:August2024DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:August2024DebtMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember meta:November2025DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember meta:November2025DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:November2025DebtMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:November2025DebtMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 srt:MinimumMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 srt:MaximumMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 2022-12-22 2022-12-22 0001326801 meta:UnitedStatesFederalTradeCommissionInquiryMember 2020-04-01 2020-04-30 0001326801 2024-04-01 2024-04-01 0001326801 meta:IDPCInquiryMember 2023-05-12 0001326801 meta:FrascoV.FloHealthInc.Member 2025-08-01 2025-08-01 0001326801 meta:AsociacionDeMediosDeInformacionAMIV.MetaIrelandMember meta:MetaPlatformsIrelandLimitedMember 2023-12-01 0001326801 meta:AsociacionDeMediosDeInformacionAMIV.MetaIrelandMember meta:MetaPlatformsIrelandLimitedMember 2025-11-19 2025-11-19 0001326801 meta:UnionDeTelevisionesComercialesAsociadasUTECAV.MetaIrelandMember meta:MetaPlatformsIrelandLimitedMember 2024-10-24 0001326801 meta:AmauryEtAl.V.MetaPlatformsIrelandLimitedMember meta:MetaPlatformsIrelandLimitedMember 2025-04-29 0001326801 meta:EuropeanCommissionStatementOfObjectionsMember 2024-11-18 2024-11-18 0001326801 meta:EuropeanCommissionSubscriptionForNoAdsMember 2025-04-01 2025-04-30 0001326801 2018-07-27 2018-07-27 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2025-01-01 2025-03-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2025-01-01 2025-03-31 0001326801 2025-01-01 2025-03-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2025-04-01 2025-06-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2025-04-01 2025-06-30 0001326801 2025-04-01 2025-06-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2025-07-01 2025-09-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2025-07-01 2025-09-30 0001326801 2025-07-01 2025-09-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2025-10-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2025-10-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 2025-10-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2024-01-01 2024-03-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2024-01-01 2024-03-31 0001326801 2024-01-01 2024-03-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2024-04-01 2024-06-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2024-04-01 2024-06-30 0001326801 2024-04-01 2024-06-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2024-07-01 2024-09-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2024-07-01 2024-09-30 0001326801 2024-07-01 2024-09-30 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2024-10-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2024-10-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 2024-10-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:EquityIncentivePlan2025Member 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:EquityIncentivePlan2025Member us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2026-01-01 0001326801 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001326801 country:BR 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 country:IN 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 country:IE 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:ForeignTaxJurisdictionOtherMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:DomesticCountryMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember 2025-05-22 0001326801 us-gaap:InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember 2025-09-01 2025-09-30 0001326801 country:US 2025-12-31 0001326801 country:US 2024-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:NonUsMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 us-gaap:NonUsMember 2024-12-31 0001326801 meta:JavierOlivanMember 2025-10-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:JavierOlivanMember 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:PeggyAlfordMember 2025-10-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:SusanLiMember 2025-10-01 2025-12-31 0001326801 meta:SusanLiMember 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 __________________________ FORM 10-K __________________________ (Mark One) ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025 or ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from            to Commission File Number: 001-35551 __________________________ Meta Platforms, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) __________________________ Delaware 20-1665019 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 1 Meta Way , Menlo Park , California 94025 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) ( 650 ) 543-4800 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) __________________________ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par value META The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒  No   ☐ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒    No  ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒    No  ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐ Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒ If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).  ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  ☐    No ☒ The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2025, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $ 1.6 trillion based upon the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. On January 23, 2026, the registrant had 2,187,177,748 shares of Class A common stock and 342,377,716 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Meta Platforms, Inc. Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Note About Forward-Looking Statements 3 Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data 4 PART I Item 1. Business 6

