TICKER: MGM
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, generally is likely to cause a reduction in visitation to our properties, which would adversely affect our operating results. Likewise, increased trade tension between the United States and other countries, including as a result of the imposition of tariffs, could lead to a decrease in cross border-travel, result in us paying higher prices for imported goods at our properties and result in countries adopting protectionist legislation that could impair our international operations. In addition, adverse market conditions may impact the labor market and cause disruptions to the global supply chain. If we are unable to hire and retain sufficient employees to operate our properties or procure necessary supplies, our business, results of operations and reputation could be negatively impacted. Finally, we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. We conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. Accordingly, we receive cash from royalties, dividends and distributions that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries’ payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations, which may be impacted by various factors, including compliance with certain local statutes, the laws and regulations currently and in the future applicable to our subsidiaries and restrictions in connection with their contractual arrangements. For instance, while currently there are no foreign exchange or capital control restrictions applicable to intercompany transactions between us and MGM China, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case in the future and that our ability to convert large amounts of Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars over a relatively short period will not be limited. If, in the future, foreign exchange or capital control restrictions or other restrictions on MGM China’s ability to pay dividends were to be imposed and become applicable to us, such restrictions could potentially reduce or eliminate the amounts that we would be able to receive from MGM China, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, since we expect a significant number of customers to come to MGM Macau and MGM Cotai (and, to a lesser extent, our domestic properties) from mainland China, general economic, regulatory, geopolitical and market conditions in China could impact our financial prospects. Any slowdown in economic growth or changes to China’s current restrictions on currency conversion or movements, including market impacts resulting from China’s anti-corruption campaign and related tightening of liquidity provided by non-bank lending entities and cross-border currency monitoring (including increased restrictions on Union Pay withdrawals and other ATM limits on the withdrawal of cash and facial recognition technology on ATM machines in Macau to strictly enforce the “know your customer” regulations for mainland Chinese bank cardholders), could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland China and/or the amounts they are willing 16 to spend at our properties. In addition, any potential policy changes which may affect cross-border travel, similar to the previous travel restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse impact on visitation from mainland China. Furthermore, the enactment of new laws in Macau, including the new illegal gaming law, which criminalizes activities such as unlicensed currency exchange for gaming purposes and unauthorized grant of credit for gaming purpose, may also adversely impact the amounts visitors are willing to spend at our properties. It is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect, become more restrictive, or be readopted in the future. These developments have had, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to Macau from mainland China, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in Macau. Furthermore, our operations in Macau may be impacted by competition for limited labor resources and our ability to retain and hire employees. We compete with a large number of casino properties for a limited number of employees and we anticipate that such competition, which significantly increased following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions in early 2023, will continue in Macau. While we seek employees from outside of Macau to adequately staff our properties, certain Macau government policies limit our ability to import labor in certain job classifications (for instance, the Macau government requires that we only hire Macau residents as dealers in our casinos) and any future government policies that freeze or cancel our ability to import labor could cause labor costs to increase. Finally, because additional gaming or non-gaming projects have commenced operations and other projects are under construction, the existing transportation infrastructure may need to be expanded to accommodate increased visitation to Macau. If transportation facilities to and from Macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of customers visiting Macau, the desirability of Macau as a travel destination, as well as the results of operations at our developments in Macau, could be negatively impacted. We have suspended our payment of ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders, and may not elect to resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all. On February 8, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors had determined to suspend our ongoing regular dividends in order to focus on our preferred method of returning value to shareholders through our share repurchase plan. Our future resumption of dividend payments, if any, would be subject to the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, and our ability to pay any dividends in the future could be limited by a variety of factors, including our holding company structure, existing and future debt agreements entered into by us or our subsidiaries, state law requirements, our future liquidity position, potential alternative uses of cash, general economic conditions and expected future financial results, in addition to other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. All of our domestic properties are subject to triple net leases that, in addition to rent, require us to pay: (1) all facility maintenance, (2) all insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, (3) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor), (4) all capital expenditures, and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. We are responsible for paying these expenses notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall accrue in part to the landlords as the owners of the associated facilities. Furthermore, our obligation to pay rent as well as the other costs described above is absolute in virtually all circumstances, regardless of the performance of the properties and other circumstances that might abate rent in leases that now place these risks on the tenant, such as certain events of casualty and condemnation. Finally, our leases limit our ability to cease operations at our properties, subject to certain limited exceptions. Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified . Given that a significant number of our major resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the Las Vegas tourism industry. For example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air travel to and from Las Vegas can adversely affect our business. We cannot control the number or frequency of flights to or from Las Vegas, but we rely on air traffic for a significant portion of our visitors. Reductions in flights by major airlines as a result of higher fuel prices, lower demand, or otherwise, can impact the number of visitors to our properties. Additionally, there is one principal interstate highway between Las Vegas and Southern California, where a large number of our customers reside. Capacity constraints of that highway or any other traffic disruptions may also affect the number of customers who visit our facilities. We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables . We conduct a portion of our gaming activities on a credit basis through the issuance of markers which are unsecured instruments. Table games players typically are issued more markers than slot players, and high-end players typically are issued more markers than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. High-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of 17 gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. Furthermore, the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these high-end customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We issue markers to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. Uncollectible receivables from high-end customers could have a significant impact on our results of operations. While gaming debts evidenced by markers and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of Nevada, and Nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the U.S. Constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. Although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the U.S. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from United States courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. Furthermore, we expect that MGM Grand Paradise will be able to enforce its gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including Macau. To the extent MGM Grand Paradise gaming customers are from other jurisdictions, MGM Grand Paradise may not have access to a forum in which it will be able to collect all of its gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and MGM Grand Paradise may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Moreover, under applicable law, MGM Grand Paradise remains obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers. Even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results. We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits . We review our goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis and during interim reporting periods in accordance with the authoritative guidance. Significant negative trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, changes in our business strategy, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth have resulted in write-downs and impairment charges in the past and, if one or more of such events occurs in the future, additional impairment charges or write-downs may be required in future periods. For instance, in 2025, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of the full amount of the Empire City reporting unit’s goodwill of $256 million. If we are required to record additional impairment charges or write-downs, this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations. Leisure and business travel , especially travel by air , are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events , such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or the outbreak of infectious diseases . We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel by air. Since most of our customers travel by air to our Las Vegas and Macau properties, any terrorist act or other acts of violence, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war, or any actual or perceived threat to the security of travel by air, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the outbreak of infectious diseases, such as COVID-19, may severely disrupt domestic and international travel. Furthermore, although we have been able to purchase some insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts, insurance coverage against physical loss or business interruption resulting from war and some forms of terrorism continues to be unavailable. Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk . In addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, we have from time to time invested, and expect to continue to invest, in properties or businesses as a co-investor. Co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property or business. Therefore, the operation of such properties or businesses is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. Furthermore, the occurrence of risks that adversely affect the businesses of our joint ventures or other unconsolidated affiliates could reduce the value of our investments in such entities, impair their ability to make any potential future distributions to us or require that we make additional capital contributions to them. The shared nature of control over such ventures may limit our ability to directly manage these risks. In addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. Consequently, actions by a co-investor might subject the properties or businesses owned by such entities to additional risk. Further, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our 18 co-investors, or our co-investors could take actions binding on the property without our consent. Additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, we could become liable for its share of liabilities. For example, we share control of BetMGM North America Venture with our venture partner, Entain plc (“Entain”), with all major operating, investing and financial activities requiring the consent of both members. Disagreements between us and Entain could arise in the future, which could disrupt the venture’s operations. Finally, we were awarded a concession to develop an integrated casino resort in Japan in a consortium with ORIX and other local investors, subject to our receipt of a casino license to operate the same. As a result, we could be subject to additional risks related to being unable to directly control development activities or the timing of development completion, which may impact our ability to complete the project on our anticipated timeline, or at all, or within the agreed upon specifications. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects . Although our business model is primarily asset-light, we intend to continue to evaluate opportunities for future construction, development or expansion projects. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects, such as our integrated resort under construction in Japan, will be subject to a number of risks, including: • lack of sufficient, or delays in the availability of, financing; • changes to plans and specifications; • engineering problems, including defective plans and specifications; • shortages of, and price increases in, energy, materials and skilled and unskilled labor; • pricing inflation, including wage inflation; • delays in obtaining or inability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals; • changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, residential, real estate development or construction projects; • labor disputes or work stoppages; • availability of qualified contractors and subcontractors; • disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors; • personal injuries to workers and other persons; • environmental, health and safety issues, including site accidents and the spread of viruses; • weather interferences or delays; • fires, typhoons and other natural disasters; • geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and • other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases. The occurrence of any of these development and construction risks could increase the total costs, delay or prevent the construction, development, expansion or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of any future projects which we might undertake. In addition, the regulatory approvals, debt agreements or other contractual arrangements associated with our development projects may require us to open future casino properties by a certain specified time and to the extent we are unable to meet those deadlines, and any such deadlines are not extended, we may lose our regulatory approval to open a casino resort in a proposed jurisdiction, or incur payment penalties, fines or other expenses, in connection with any delays which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also make significant capital expenditures to maintain and upgrade our properties, which may disrupt operations and displace revenue at the properties, including revenue lost while rooms, restaurants and meeting spaces are under renovation and out of service. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future . Although we have “all risk” property insurance coverage for our operating properties, which covers damage caused by a casualty loss (such as fire, natural disasters, or terrorism or other acts of violence), each policy has certain exclusions. In addition, our property insurance coverage is in an amount that may be significantly less than the expected replacement cost of rebuilding the facilities if there was a total loss. Our level of insurance coverage also may not be adequate to cover all losses in the event of a major casualty. In addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes, nuclear events, acts of war, loss of income due to cancellation of room reservations or conventions due to fear of terrorism or other acts of violence, loss of electrical power due to catastrophic or other events, rolling blackouts or otherwise, deterioration or corrosion, insect or animal damage, and pollution, may not be covered at all under our policies. Therefore, certain acts could expose us to substantial uninsured losses. 19 In addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of these events or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. While we carry business interruption insurance and general liability insurance, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses in any such event. Furthermore, our triple net leases require us to maintain specified insurance coverage. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to obtain the types and limits of insurance coverage required by these leases and, to the extent such required insurance coverage cannot be obtained at commercially reasonable cost or at all, then we would need to obtain amendments to the leases or face a default by the applicable tenant under the lease, which could have material adverse effect on our business. We renew our insurance policies on an annual basis. The cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits, further increase our deductibles or self-insured retentions, or agree to certain exclusions from our coverage. Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business . The development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. While our business as a whole is not substantially dependent on any one trademark or combination of several of our trademarks or other intellectual property, we seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our business operations through the use of trade secrets, trademarks, domain names, copyright, and by seeking and enforcing legal protections under contract law and other laws and regulations related to the foregoing . We file applications for, and obtain trademarks in, the United States and in foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, parties may infringe our trademarks and other intellectual property and our rights may be invalidated or unenforceable. For example, while we have a policy of entering into agreements with (or imposing other restrictions on) our employees, independent contractors, and business partners addressing confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, and non-competition and non-solicitation issues, such agreements may not provide adequate protection or may be breached, or our proprietary information may otherwise become available to or be independently developed by our competitors. The laws of some foreign countries also may not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States. Monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. Certain of our technology also contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under “open-source” licenses. Use and distribution of open-source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology and, under certain open-source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Third parties have alleged and may in the future allege that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. Third parties may initiate litigation against us without warning or may send us letters or other communications that make allegations without initiating litigation. We may elect not to respond to these letters or other communications if we believe they are without merit, or we may attempt to resolve these disputes out of court by negotiating a license, but in either case it is possible that such disputes will ultimately result in litigation. Any such claims could interfere with our ability to use technology or intellectual property that is material to the operation of our business. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties, such as entities that purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of bringing infringement claims. We also periodically employ individuals who were previously employed by our competitors or potential competitors, and we may therefore be subject to claims that such employees have used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. We may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, including with respect to technology that we believe to be “open-source”. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources and the attention of management. If unsuccessful, such litigation could result in the loss of important intellectual property rights, require us to pay substantial damages, subject us to injunctions that prevent us from using certain intellectual property, require us to make admissions that affect our reputation in the marketplace, or require us to enter into license agreements that may not be available on favorable terms, re-engineer our technology or discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings. Finally, even if we prevail in any litigation, the remedy may not be commercially meaningful or fully compensate us for the harm we suffer or the costs we incur. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 20 A significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 37,000 of our U.S. employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, some of which will expire in 2026. A prolonged dispute with the covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise could have an adverse impact on our operations, and adverse publicity in the marketplace related to union messaging could further harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services. Also, wage and/or benefit increases or other contractual obligations resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could also have an adverse impact on our results of operations. To the extent that our non-union employees seek union representation or elect union representation, we would have exposure to risks associated with representation proceedings, labor negotiations and/or economic impacts of newly negotiated labor agreements. Furthermore, we may have, or acquire in the future, multi-employer plans that are classified as “endangered,” “seriously endangered,” or “critical” status. For instance, Borgata’s most significant plan is the Legacy Plan of the UNITE HERE Retirement Fund, which has been listed in “critical status” and is subject to a rehabilitation plan. Plans in these classifications must adopt measures to improve their funded status through a funding improvement or rehabilitation plan, which may require additional contributions from employers (which may take the form of a surcharge on benefit contributions) and/or modifications to retiree benefits. In addition, while Borgata has no current intention to withdraw from these plans, a withdrawal in the future could result in the incurrence of a contingent liability that would be payable in an amount and at such time (or over a period of time) that would vary based on a number of factors at the time of (and after) withdrawal. Any such additional costs may be significant. Our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results . We are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. Additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our properties and a reduction in our revenues. We may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful . We intend to consider strategic and complementary acquisitions and investments in other businesses, properties or other assets. Furthermore, we may pursue any of these opportunities with third parties. Acquisitions and investments in businesses, properties or assets, by us or together with third parties, are subject to risks that could affect our business, including risks related to: • spending cash and incurring debt; • assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities of acquired businesses and exposure to litigation or regulatory, tax or other sanctions, civil or criminal penalties or other negative consequences such as license revocation or reputational damage; • unanticipated issues in integrating information, communications and other systems; • conforming standards, controls, procedures, and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures; • inheriting internal control deficiencies; • challenges in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; • exposure to new or unfamiliar geographies and/or regulatory regimes; • challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; • unanticipated incompatibility of purchasing, logistics, marketing and administration methods; • retaining key employees; and • consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify opportunities or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, even if we are able to identify any such opportunities and complete transactions, we cannot assure you that we will realize the anticipated synergies and benefits of our acquisitions or that they will be accretive to our results of operations. Our estimates and assumptions regarding expected synergies and benefits of our acquisitions could materially change, including as a result of factors beyond our control, and could delay, decrease or eliminate the expected accretive effect of the acquisitions. In addition, even if we are able to successfully integrate new assets and businesses, the integration of such assets and businesses may result in unanticipated costs, competitive responses, loss of customer or other business relationships and the diversion of management attention, and the expansion of our operations in general, whether through acquisition, development or internal growth, could also cause us to incur substantial costs, including legal, professional and consulting fees. In addition, we periodically review our business to identify properties or other assets that we believe either are non-core, no longer complement our business, are in markets which may not benefit us as much as other markets or could be 21 sold at significant premiums. From time to time, we may attempt to sell these identified properties and assets. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to complete dispositions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our operational efforts to expand our digital business in new geographic markets may not be successful. As a result of social, political and legal differences between jurisdictions, successfully launching our digital business in new jurisdictions will often involve local adaptations to our overall product and marketing strategy. In particular, our marketing strategy in new geographic markets may not be well received by target customers or our product offerings may not enable us to successfully attract or retain customers in a particular jurisdiction. We may also be unable to deal successfully with a new and different local operating environment. Further, the entry into new jurisdictions may subject us to onerous licensing requirements, together with sanctions for breach thereof and/or taxation liabilities that may make the market unattractive to us or impose restrictions that limit our ability to offer certain of our key products or services or to market our products in the way we want to. In addition, a license may require us to offer our products in partnership or cooperation with a local market participant, thereby exposing us to the risk of poor or non-performance by such market participant of its applicable obligations, which could in turn disrupt or restrict our ability to effectively compete and offer one or more of our products in the relevant market. Finally, efforts to access a new jurisdiction or market may require us to incur significant costs, such as capital, marketing, legal and other costs, as well as the commitment of significant senior management time and resources. Furthermore, notwithstanding our efforts to access a new jurisdiction or market, our ability to successfully enter such jurisdictions or markets may be affected by future developments in state/regional, national and/or supranational policy and regulation, limitations on market access, competition from third parties and other factors that we are unable to predict, and which are beyond our control. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in expanding digital business into such jurisdictions or markets or that our service and product offerings in such jurisdictions or markets will grow at expected rates or be successful in the long term. The failure to maintain the integrity of our information and other systems or customer information could result in damage to our reputation, subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data , and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations . We collect and process information relating to our employees, guests, and others for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. The collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted by the various states, the United States and other jurisdictions around the world. Privacy laws and regulations continue to evolve and on occasion may be inconsistent (or conflict) between jurisdictions. Various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact or adopt new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data retention, data transfer, and data protection. For example, California has a comprehensive privacy law, known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), which provides some of the strongest privacy requirements in the United States. The CCPA was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act that went into effect in 2023. In addition to the numerous other states with privacy laws, new privacy requirements went into effect in 2025 in Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, and Tennessee. In January 2026, additional privacy requirements went into effect in Indiana, Kentucky, and Rhode Island. Outside the United States, the European Union has adopted a data protection regulation known as the General Data Protection Regulation that provides data subjects with significant privacy-related rights and imposes operational and compliance requirements on organizations with significant penalties for non-compliance. Other jurisdictions including Canada, Brazil, and China have also amended or adopted new privacy laws and/or requirements which often include similar requirements and obligations. There may be risks and uncertainties associated with these and other privacy laws and regulations including their interpretation and implementation, as well as the potential extraterritorial effect of certain privacy laws and regulations. Compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations increases our operating costs and could adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests. In addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us), including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unapproved dissemination or a breach of security on systems storing our customer data can result in damage to our reputation, subject us to investigations, fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, and tools to provide security for processing of customer and employee information, such as payment card and other confidential or proprietary information. Our data security measures are reviewed and evaluated regularly; however, they might not protect us against increasingly sophisticated and aggressive threats, like the cybersecurity issue that affected us in September 2023, as further described below. We also rely extensively on our information and other systems and those of third parties to process transactions, maintain and communicate information, and manage our businesses, including at our properties and on our website and digital platforms. Disruptions in these systems, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, have in the past and can in the future be expected to impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This can occur notwithstanding the data security measures and disaster recovery plans that we have in place. 22 Further, our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all possible scenarios that we may encounter. There has been an increase in criminal cybersecurity attacks against companies (and third-party service providers) where systems have been breached, businesses disrupted, and customer, employee, and other company information has been compromised or destroyed. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies amplifies these concerns. Our systems and data, including those we maintain with our third-party service providers, have been subject to cybersecurity breaches of varying degrees of severity in the past and are expected to be subject to cybersecurity breaches in the future. Our third-party information system and other service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties’ information security or other operations. A significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer or company data maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations, and result in remediation expenses, regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance to assist in the cost of recovery from a significant cyber event, such coverage may not be sufficient to cover any losses resulting from such incidents. A cybersecurity incident also could require that we expend significant additional resources on remediation, restoration, and enhancement of our information technology and other systems. By way of example, in September 2023, we experienced a cybersecurity issue affecting certain of our systems, in which criminal actors may have accessed certain personal information of some of our customers (the “Cybersecurity Issue”). Among other things, this issue resulted in system shutdowns that created operational disruptions at our domestic properties, adversely affected revenues, and subjected us to litigation, investigations, and potential regulatory penalties or other remedies. For more information, see “Cybersecurity Issue” in Part II, Item 7 - “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” as well as “Cybersecurity litigation, claims, and investigations” in Part II, Item 8, Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputation. Many factors influence our reputation and the value of our brands including the perception held by our customers, business partners, other key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business. Our business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance factors and risk of damage to our reputation and the value of our brands because of sentiment regarding issues including diversity and inclusion, community engagement and philanthropy, environmental sustainability, plastic pollution, climate change, responsible gaming, supply chain management, workplace conduct, human rights, and many others, some of which may be unforeseen. Any harm to our reputation, or negative incidents involving us, our workforce, and others with whom we do business, could further impact employee engagement and retention, the willingness of customers and our partners to do business with us, or result in government investigations or litigation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risks and costs related to climate change. Extreme weather conditions, potentially exacerbated by climate change, may cause property damage or interrupt business, which could harm our business and results of operations. Certain of our properties are located in areas that may be subject to extreme weather conditions, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, floods, tornados, wildfires, and winter storms in the United States and severe typhoons in Macau. Such extreme weather conditions may interrupt our operations or the operations of critical suppliers, damage our properties, and reduce the number of customers who visit our facilities in such areas. In addition, our operations or the operations of critical suppliers could be adversely impacted by a drought or other cause of water stress or shortage. A severe drought of extensive duration experienced in Las Vegas or in the other regions in which we operate or source critical supplies could adversely affect our business. Although we maintain both property and business interruption insurance coverage for certain extreme weather conditions, such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits, including limitation on the coverage period for business interruption, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully insure such losses or fully collect, if at all, on claims resulting from such extreme weather conditions. Furthermore, such extreme weather conditions may result in reduced availability or increased price volatility of certain critical supplies, may interrupt or impede access to our affected properties, and may cause visits to our affected properties to decrease for an indefinite period. Additionally, many states and municipalities have begun to adopt laws and policies on climate change and emission reduction targets. For example, in 2024, the SEC adopted expansive new reporting requirements, requiring registrants to detail the impact of their operations on the environment. While the SEC ended its defense of the reporting requirements, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to this regulation, or other climate regulation promulgated by another federal agency, in the future. Similar federal, state, local, and international legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change, such as California’s SB 253 and SB 261 climate related disclosure laws and Maryland’s Climate Solutions Now Act of 2022, could result in increased regulatory and other costs, which may include increased disclosures and/or capital expenditures on our existing properties to ensure compliance with 23 any new or updated regulations, which may potentially adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that the potential impacts of climate change and severe weather will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, results of operations, cash flows or business. Water scarcity could negatively impact our operations. Water is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve and the ecosystems in which we operate. Water is also a limited resource in many parts of the world, including Las Vegas where the majority of our properties are located. Water availability is facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, the effects of climate change, and increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water. As the demand for water continues to increase in the areas in which we operate, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, our operations may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints and the possibility of reputational damage, which could adversely affect our profitability. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters and Changes in Public Policy Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations . Our ownership and operation of gaming operations is subject to extensive regulation by the countries, states and provinces in which we operate. These laws, regulations and ordinances vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. As such, our gaming regulators can require us to disassociate ourselves from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators or, alternatively, cease operations in that jurisdiction. In addition, unsuitable activity on our part or on the part of our domestic or foreign unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries in any jurisdiction could have a negative effect on our ability to continue operating in other jurisdictions. The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Furthermore, our iGaming and online sports betting initiatives may be particularly subject to risks related to potential changes in the regulatory and enforcement environment as a result of the continued development of regulatory schemes in this industry in the U.S. and internationally. The regulation and legality of iGaming and online sports betting and approaches to enforcement vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction (from open licensing regimes to regimes that impose sanctions or prohibitions) and is subject to uncertainties. In certain jurisdictions, there is no legislation which is directly applicable to our business, or the legality of the supply of iGaming and online sports betting is not clear or is open to interpretation. In many jurisdictions, there are conflicting laws and/or regulations, conflicting interpretations, divergent approaches by enforcement agencies and/or inconsistent enforcement policies and, therefore, some or all forms of iGaming and online sports betting could be determined to be illegal in some of these jurisdictions, either when operated within the jurisdiction and/or when accessed by persons located in that jurisdiction. Moreover, the legality of iGaming and online sports betting is subject to uncertainties arising from differing approaches among jurisdictions as to the determination of where iGaming and online sports betting activities take place and which authorities have jurisdiction over such activities and/or those who participate in or facilitate them. In addition, there is a risk that regulators or prosecutors in jurisdictions where we provide online sports betting or iGaming services to customers without a local license or pursuant to a multi-jurisdictional license, may take legal action in respect of our operations in that jurisdiction and any defense we raise to such actions may not be successful. Actions that may be taken may include criminal sanctions and penalties, as well as civil and administrative enforcement actions, fines, excessive taxation, funds and asset seizures, authorities seeking to seize funds generated from the allegedly illegal activity, as well as payment blocks and ISP blacklisting. Even if such claims could be successfully defended, the process may result in a loss of reputation, potential loss of revenue and diversion of management resources and time. There is a significant risk that our determination to permit customers in any given jurisdiction to access any one or more of our products or engage in various types of marketing activity and customer contact may not always accurately predict the likelihood of one or more jurisdictions taking enforcement or other adverse action against us, our customers or our third-party suppliers, which could lead to fines, criminal sanctions and/or the termination of our operations in such jurisdiction or jurisdictions, and, ultimately, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For a summary of gaming and other regulations that affect our business, see “Regulation and Licensing” and Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Further, our directors, officers, key employees and investors in our properties and iGaming and online sports betting initiatives must meet approval standards of certain state and foreign regulatory authorities. If such regulatory authorities were to find such a person or investor unsuitable, we would be required to sever our relationship with that person or the investor may be required to dispose of his, her or its interest. Regulatory authorities may also conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our directors, officers, key employees or investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards. Certain public and private issuances of securities, borrowings under credit agreements, guarantees of indebtedness and other transactions also require the approval of certain regulatory authorities. 24 Macau laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions are complex, and a court or administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations, or issue new or modified regulations, that differ from MGM China’s interpretation, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, MGM Grand Paradise’s activities in Macau are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies. We cannot assure you that MGM Grand Paradise will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, and any such failure to do so may materially affect its long-term business strategy and operations. Macau laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, to date such redress is largely untested in relation to gaming issues. In addition to gaming regulations, we are also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations affecting businesses in general. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, restrictions and conditions concerning alcoholic beverages, environmental matters, smoking, employees, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes, and marketing and advertising. For instance, we are subject to certain federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances, including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Energy Policy Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, Renewable Portfolio Standards, the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, and many others. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or wastes located on its property, regardless of whether or not the present owner or operator knows of, or is responsible for, the presence of such substances or wastes. Such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. There has been increasing focus from international, national, and state regulators on reporting and reducing GHG emissions and other climate change-related topics. These regulations could impose stricter standards on operations and reporting which could be costly and difficult to implement. In addition, effective since January 1, 2019, smoking in casinos in Macau, including MGM Macau and MGM Cotai, is only permitted inside specially ventilated smoking rooms, rather than outside smoking areas or VIP areas. The likelihood or outcome of similar legislation in other jurisdictions and referendums in the future cannot be predicted, though any smoking ban would be expected to negatively impact our financial performance. We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to recordkeeping and reporting obligations as required by various anti-money laundering laws and regulations. For instance, in the United States, we are subject to regulation under the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, commonly known as the “Bank Secrecy Act”, which, among other things, requires us to report to the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) any currency transactions in excess of $10,000 that occur within a 24-hour gaming day, including identification of the individual(s) involved in the currency transaction. We are also required to report suspicious activity where we know, suspect or have reason to suspect transactions, among other things, involve funds from illegal activity or are intended to evade federal regulations or avoid reporting requirements or have no business or lawful purpose. In addition, under the Bank Secrecy Act and similar laws in other jurisdictions, we are subject to various other rules and regulations involving reporting, recordkeeping and retention. Our compliance with anti-money laundering regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act, is subject to periodic examinations by the relevant regulatory agencies in each jurisdiction where we operate. Any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Any violations of the anti-money laundering laws, including the Bank Secrecy Act, or regulations by any of our properties, businesses, customers, or employees could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Any violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us . We generate revenue from operations outside the United States, which exposes us to complex foreign and U.S. regulations inherent in doing cross-border business and in each of the countries in which we transact business. We are subject to compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and other similar anti-corruption laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. Violations of these laws by us or our non-controlled ventures may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties against us, and the SEC and U.S. Department of Justice continue to vigorously pursue enforcement of the FCPA. The occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations. If the jurisdictions in which we operate increase taxes and fees, including gaming taxes, our results could be adversely affected . Federal, state and local authorities domestically and internationally raise a significant amount of revenue through taxes and fees, including taxes and fees on gaming activities. From time to time, legislators and 25 government officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. Periods of economic downturn or uncertainty and budget deficits may intensify such efforts to raise revenues through increases in taxes, the imposition of new taxes or changes to tax laws that result in higher taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law or interpretation. In addition, tax law changes adopted to align with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules ("Pillar Two") framework, which establishes a global minimum tax, could increase tax uncertainty. If the jurisdictions in which we operate were to increase taxes, impose new taxes or change existing tax laws, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The future recognition of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset may change materially in future periods. We currently have significant deferred tax assets resulting from foreign tax credit carryforwards that are available to potentially reduce taxes attributable to taxable foreign-sourced income in future periods. We evaluate our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset for recoverability and record a valuation allowance to the extent we determine it is not more likely than not such asset will be recovered. This evaluation is based upon all available evidence, including assumptions concerning future U.S. operating profits and foreign source income. As a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a valuation allowance and changes to our assumptions could result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in the period including such change. We face risks related to pending claims that have been , or future claims that may be , brought against us . Claims have been brought against us and our subsidiaries in various legal proceedings, and additional legal and tax claims arise from time to time. We may not be successful in the defense or prosecution of our current or future legal proceedings, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Please see the further discussion in “Legal Proceedings” and Note 12 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Risks Related to Our Macau Operations We have agreed not to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan, other than through MGM China . In connection with the gaming concession, we entered into a Third Renewed Deed of Non-Compete Undertakings with MGM China and Ms. Ho, Pansy Catilina Chiu King (“Ms. Ho”), pursuant to which we are restricted from having any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in the People’s Republic of China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan, other than through MGM China. While gaming is currently prohibited in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, if it is legalized in the future our ability to compete in these locations could be limited until the earliest of (i) the date MGM China’s ordinary shares cease to be listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited or (ii) the last day of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession for operation of casino games (or any extension thereof); or (iii) the date when our ownership of MGM China shares is less than 15% of the then-issued share capital of MGM China. The Macau government can (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise’s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise , (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year’s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise, or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry . The Macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate the concession for endangering the national security of China or Macau by MGM Grand Paradise, failure of MGM Grand Paradise to perform its obligations, for the public interest or lack of appropriate qualifications of MGM Grand Paradise under the gaming law. From the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession, the Macau government may redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise with at least one year of advance notice. In the event the Macau government exercises this redemption right, MGM Grand Paradise is entitled to reasonable and fair damages or indemnity. Upon such termination, all the casino area premises and gaming-related equipment which have been temporarily transferred to MGM Grand Paradise by the Macau government for use in accordance with the concession contract and all of MGM Grand Paradise’s own casino area premises and gaming-related equipment, would be transferred automatically to the Macau government without compensation to MGM Grand Paradise and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. We cannot assure you that MGM Grand Paradise will perform all of its obligations under the concession contract in a way that satisfies the requirements of the Macau government. Under the terms of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession, MGM Grand Paradise is required to implement certain investments in gaming and non-gaming projects , as further discussed in Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. There can be no assurance, however, that MGM Grand Paradise will have sufficient cash on hand to fund these obligations, or that it will be able to obtain financing to fund these obligations on satisfactory terms or at all. If MGM Grand Paradise is unable to satisfy its investment commitments, its concession contract may be subject to termination by the Macau government. 26 Furthermore, under the concession contract, MGM Grand Paradise is obligated to comply with any laws and regulations that the Macau government might promulgate in the future. We cannot assure you that MGM Grand Paradise will be able to comply with these laws and regulations or other requirements of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession contract, or that these laws and regulations or other requirements would not adversely affect our ability to construct or operate our Macau businesses. If any disagreement arises between MGM Grand Paradise and the Macau government regarding the interpretation of, or MGM Grand Paradise’s compliance with, a provision of the concession contract, MGM Grand Paradise will be relying on a consultation and negotiation process with the Macau government. During any consultation or negotiation, MGM Grand Paradise will be obligated to comply with the terms of the concession contract as interpreted by the Macau government. Currently, there is no precedent concerning how the Macau government will treat the termination of a concession upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances mentioned above. The loss of the concession would require us to cease conducting gaming operations in Macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the concession contract expires on December 31, 2032. We cannot assure you that MGM Grand Paradise will be able to obtain an extension of the concession contract upon its expiration or be awarded a new gaming concession on terms favorable to MGM Grand Paradise or at all. We cannot provide any assurances on the terms associated with any potential future extension, which could include additional fees or other financial commitments that may have an adverse impact on the financial position of MGM Grand Paradise. We also cannot assure you that if the concession is redeemed by the Macau government, the compensation paid to MGM Grand Paradise will be adequate to compensate for the loss of future revenues. We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States . Our operations outside of the United States are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-United States laws, regulations and customs. In particular, the risks associated with our existing international operations or any future operations in which we may engage in any other foreign territories, include: • changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies in Macau or other foreign jurisdictions; • changes in non-United States government programs; • changes in laws or regulations restricting the ability of our non U.S. subsidiaries to make distributions or declare dividends; • possible failure by our employees or agents to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions; • general economic conditions and policies in China, including restrictions on travel and currency movements; • difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-United States operations; • different labor regulations; • changes in environmental, health and safety laws; • outbreaks of diseases or epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic; • potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws; • political instability and actual or anticipated military and political conflicts; • economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and • uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures. These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, particularly with respect to the Japanese yen, Hong Kong dollar, and Euro, as a result of our international operations. We occasionally hedge our exposures to certain of these currencies and other foreign currencies with financial institutions in an effort to minimize the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations, but the use of these hedging instruments may not offset any, or more than a portion of, the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the time the hedges are in place. Hedging transactions may also introduce additional risks resulting from differences between the actual timing of the underlying exposures and our forecasts of those exposures, or from any unexpected material changes in the underlying hedged activities. In addition, because we do not typically fully hedge our positions in foreign currencies, we will continue to have exposure on unhedged portions of any currencies we exchange. If any of our hedging arrangements are inadequate, if there are significant exchange rate fluctuations in currencies for which we do not have hedges in place, or if a financial counterparty to our hedges is unable to honor the terms of the foreign currency hedge for any reason, then our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of MGM China , the holding company for MGM Grand Paradise which owns and operates MGM Macau and MGM Cotai . As a result of the initial public offering of shares of MGM China common stock in 2011, MGM China has stockholders who are not affiliated with us, and we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of MGM 27 China may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of MGM China. Decisions that could have different implications for us and MGM China, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with MGM China, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest or an actual conflict of interest. ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C.    CYBERSECURITY We recognize the importance cybersecurity has to the success of our business. We also recognize the need to continually assess cybersecurity risk and evolve our response in the face of a rapidly and ever-changing environment. Accordingly, we aim to protect our business operations, including customer records and information, against known and evolving cybersecurity threats. Risk Management and Strategy The Company’s Internal Audit function conducts an annual Enterprise Risk Management process to identify, assess, monitor and control current and future potential risks facing the Company, which includes cybersecurity risks that are communicated by the Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”). Significant risks identified during this process are then presented to the Audit Committee. In addition, we have a cybersecurity incident response plan in place that provides a documented framework for handling high and low severity security incidents and facilitates coordination across multiple parts of the business. We also routinely perform attack and response simulations at the technical level, and annually execute tabletop response exercises. Each year, special focus is given to maintaining and improving our alignment with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework and Privacy and Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) controls in support of protecting our technology and customer data. We further engage in the periodic assessment and testing of our cybersecurity program. We also utilize external expertise to perform annual assessments of our entire cybersecurity program, including the cybersecurity program maturity. The results of these annual assessments are reported to the Audit Committee, and we adjust our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by these assessments. In addition, we have a Third Party Risk Management Program designed to assess risks associated with third party providers based on the services they provide and the data they have access to. Cybersecurity risk mitigation processes are integrated into the Company’s Code of Conduct that all employees are required to review. Additionally, all employees with network access receive cybersecurity awareness training. The Company’s information and data systems have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past, including the publicly disclosed September 2023 Cybersecurity Issue. We do not believe that risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, there is no guaranty that the Cybersecurity Issue and any further incidents will not have a material impact in the future. See “Cybersecurity litigation, claims, and investigations” in Part II, Item 8, Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Further, policies and procedures designed to manage cyber risks, including those described herein, may not be effective. To learn more about risks from cybersecurity threats, see “

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of income before income taxes were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (In thousands) Domestic operations $ ( 237,067 ) $ 256,890 $ 1,214,888 Foreign operations 517,846 860,175 257,875 $ 280,779 $ 1,117,065 $ 1,472,763 73 The components of the provision for (benefit from) income taxes were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Federal: (In thousands) Current $ ( 17,647 ) $ 126,933 $ 259,128 Deferred (excluding separate components) 113,941 ( 22,919 ) 48,363 Deferred – valuation allowance change ( 283,694 ) ( 9,506 ) ( 153,768 ) Other noncurrent ( 13,658 ) 1,458 ( 10,969 ) (Benefit) provision for federal income taxes ( 201,058 ) 95,966 142,754 State: Current 32,865 10,477 24,931 Deferred (excluding separate components) ( 28,878 ) ( 3,731 ) ( 11,206 ) Deferred – operating loss carryforward 4,150 ( 880 ) 12,219 Deferred – valuation allowance change ( 1,020 ) 3,177 2,140 Provision for state income taxes 7,117 9,043 28,084 Foreign: Current 3,423 ( 2,363 ) ( 223 ) Deferred (excluding separate components) ( 72,232 ) ( 4,250 ) ( 5,611 ) Deferred – operating loss carryforward ( 10,807 ) ( 39,769 ) 57,485 Deferred – valuation allowance change 33,464 ( 6,170 ) ( 64,650 ) Benefit for foreign income taxes ( 46,152 ) ( 52,552 ) ( 12,999 ) $ ( 240,093 ) $ 52,457 $ 157,839 74 A reconciliation of the federal income tax statutory rate and the Company’s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 was as follows (in thousands, except percentages): Year ended December 31, 2025 Amount Percent U.S. federal statutory rate $ 58,965 21.0 % State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax effect 1 6,248 2.2 % Foreign tax effects Macau Statutory tax rate differential ( 75,044 ) ( 26.7 ) % Tax holiday benefit ( 144,831 ) ( 51.6 ) % Other ( 7,478 ) ( 2.7 ) % Brazil Statutory tax rate differential ( 7,505 ) ( 2.7 ) % Changes in valuation allowance 20,217 7.2 % Other ( 588 ) ( 0.2 ) % Hong Kong 40,868 14.6 % Malta 23,513 8.4 % Other foreign jurisdictions 10,939 3.9 % Effects of cross-border tax laws 12,682 4.5 % Tax credits ( 16,486 ) ( 5.9 ) % Changes in valuation allowance ( 283,694 ) ( 101.0 ) % Nontaxable and nondeductible items Foreign currency transaction gain or loss 60,501 21.5 % Goodwill impairment 53,788 19.2 % Other 25,997 9.3 % Other adjustments ( 18,185 ) ( 6.5 ) % Effective tax rate $ ( 240,093 ) ( 85.5 ) % 1 State taxes in New Jersey comprise the majority (greater than 50 percent) of the tax effect in this category. A reconciliation of the federal income tax statutory rate and the Company’s effective tax rate was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Federal income tax statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % Noncontrolling interest ( 0.2 ) ( 0.1 ) Foreign income/losses taxed at other than U.S. statutory rate ( 19.5 ) ( 3.6 ) Federal valuation allowance ( 0.9 ) ( 10.4 ) State taxes, net 0.6 1.5 General business credits ( 1.5 ) ( 1.2 ) Incremental U.S. tax on foreign earnings 4.5 2.4 Permanent and other items 0.7 1.1 4.7 % 10.7 % 75 The tax-effected components of the Company’s net deferred tax liability were as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 Deferred tax assets – federal and state: (In thousands) Net operating loss carryforward $ 10,915 $ 14,193 Accruals, reserves and other 52,615 66,328 Lease liabilities 5,732,208 5,750,744 Tax credits 334,468 1,008,363 Intangibles 95,100 — 6,225,306 6,839,628 Less: Valuation allowance ( 277,391 ) ( 867,416 ) 5,947,915 5,972,212 Deferred tax assets – foreign: Net operating loss carryforward 191,777 180,970 Accruals, reserves and other 9,049 6,673 Property and equipment 39,059 37,832 Lease liabilities 207 1,488 240,092 226,963 Less: Valuation allowance ( 144,108 ) ( 173,984 ) 95,984 52,979 Total deferred tax assets $ 6,043,899 $ 6,025,191 Deferred tax liabilities – federal and state: Property and equipment $ ( 548,951 ) $ ( 438,455 ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates ( 585,266 ) ( 583,865 ) Investment in equity securities ( 2,234,665 ) ( 2,232,601 ) ROU assets ( 5,187,169 ) ( 5,283,821 ) Intangibles — ( 237,107 ) ( 8,556,051 ) ( 8,775,849 ) Deferred tax liabilities – foreign: Intangibles ( 15,123 ) ( 21,414 ) ( 15,123 ) ( 21,414 ) Total deferred tax liability ( 8,571,174 ) ( 8,797,263 ) Net deferred tax liability $ ( 2,527,275 ) $ ( 2,772,072 ) A reconciliation of income taxes paid (refunds received), net was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 U.S. federal $ ( 53,373 ) U.S. state and local 19,519 Foreign ( 765 ) Income tax refunds received, net $ ( 34,619 ) For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, income taxes paid, net was $ 267 million and $ 344 million, respectively. 76 Deferred income tax valuation allowance consisted of the following: Balance at Beginning of Period Increase Decrease Balance at End of Period Deferred income tax valuation allowance: (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2025 $ 1,041,400 $ — $ ( 619,901 ) $ 421,499 Year Ended December 31, 2024 1,778,446 — ( 737,046 ) 1,041,400 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2,886,575 — ( 1,108,129 ) 1,778,446 The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of $ 265 million on its foreign tax credit (“FTC”) carryover of $ 334 million as of December 31, 2025, resulting in an FTC net deferred tax asset of approximately $ 69 million. The FTCs are attributable to the Macau Special Gaming Tax, which is 35% of gross gaming revenue in Macau. The Company believes payment of the Macau Special Gaming Tax qualifies as a tax paid in lieu of an income tax that is creditable against U.S. taxes. While the Company generally does not expect to generate new FTC carryovers after the year ended December 31, 2017, it will be able to utilize its existing FTC carryovers only to the extent it has active foreign source income during the applicable 10 -year FTC carryforward period. The Company relies on future U.S.-source operating income in assessing, future FTC realization during the applicable 10 -year FTC carryover period. The FTC carryovers will expire if not utilized as follows: $ 134 million in 2026 and $ 200 million in 2027. The Company’s assessment of the realization of its FTC deferred tax asset is based on available evidence, including assumptions concerning future U.S. operating profits and foreign source income. As a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a valuation allowance and changes to such assumptions could result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in the period including such change. At December 31, 2025, gross foreign net operating loss carryforwards consisted primarily of a complementary tax exempt net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforward of $ 1.1 billion at MGM Grand Paradise resulting from non-gaming operations that will expire if not utilized in years 2026 through 2028. As of December 31, 2025, there is a $ 144 million valuation allowance on certain foreign deferred tax assets, which relates primarily to MGM Grand Paradise’s NOLs. The Company has NOLs in some of the states in which it operates that total $ 171 million as of December 31, 2025, which equates to deferred tax assets of $ 11 million after federal tax effect and before valuation allowance. The NOL carryforwards in most of the states will expire, if not utilized, between 2030 through 2044. Otherwise, the NOL carryforward can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has provided a valuation allowance of $ 12 million on its state deferred tax assets, including the NOLs described above. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was not material at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as well as overpayments and underpayment of income taxes in income tax expense, which were not material for each of the periods presented. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state and local jurisdictions, and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2025, the federal, state, and local tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns generally cannot assess tax with respect to years ended prior to 2021. However, NOLs and other available carryforwards generated or utilized in earlier years may be subject to adjustment. The examination by the IRS of the Company’s 2015 through 2019 U.S. consolidated federal income tax returns concluded in the first half of 2025 following approval of the examination findings by the Joint Committee on Taxation. The Company received $ 102 million in tax refunds and related interest in 2025 and an additional $ 85 million in January 2026. Additional interest remains outstanding and is expected to be received by the Company in 2026. In addition, the Company is subject to state income tax examinations for various tax years ranging from 2022 through 2024. The Company does not anticipate any material adjustments upon resolution of these examinations. 77 NOTE 11 – LEASES The Company leases real estate, land underlying certain of its properties, and various equipment under operating and, to a lesser extent, finance lease arrangements. Real estate assets and land. The Company leases the real estate assets of its domestic properties pursuant to triple net lease agreements, which are classified as operating leases. The triple net structure of the leases requires the Company to pay substantially all costs associated with each property, including real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and routine maintenance (with each lease obligating the Company to spend a specified percentage of net revenues at the properties on capital expenditures), in addition to the annual cash rent. Each of the triple net leases also requires the Company to comply with certain financial covenants, which, if not met, would require the Company to maintain either cash security or one or more letters of credit in favor of the landlord in amounts ranging from six months to two years of rent. Bellagio lease . The Company leases the real estate assets of Bellagio from a venture in which it has a 5 % ownership interest (the “Bellagio REIT Venture”). The Bellagio lease commenced November 15, 2019 and has an initial term of 30 years with two 10 -year renewal periods, exercisable at the Company’s option, with a fixed 2 % rent escalator for the first 10 years and, thereafter, an escalator equal to the greater of 2 % and the CPI increase during the prior year, subject to a cap of 3 % during the 11th through 20th years and 4 % thereafter. Annual cash rent payments for the lease year that commenced on December 1, 2025 increased to $ 276 million as a result of the 2 % fixed annual escalator. Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas lease . The Company leases the real estate assets of Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas. The Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas lease commenced February 14, 2020 and has an initial term of 30 years with two 10 -year renewal periods, exercisable at the Company’s option, with a fixed 2 % rent escalator for the first 15 years and, thereafter, an escalator equal to the greater of 2 % and the CPI increase during the prior year, subject to a cap of 3 %. Annual cash rent payments for the lease year that commenced on March 1, 2025 increased to $ 322 million as a result of the 2 % fixed annual escalator. Aria and Vdara lease . The Company leases the real estate assets of Aria and Vdara. The Aria and Vdara lease commenced September 28, 2021 and has an initial term of 30 years with three 10 -year renewal periods, exercisable at the Company’s option, with a fixed 2 % rent escalator for the first 15 years, and thereafter, an escalator equal to the greater of 2 % and the CPI increase during the prior year, subject to a cap of 3 %. Annual cash rent payments for the lease year that commenced on October 1, 2025 increased to $ 233 million as a result of the 2 % fixed annual escalator. The VICI lease and ground subleases. The Company leases the real estate assets of Luxor, New York-New York, Park MGM, Excalibur, The Park, MGM Grand Detroit, Beau Rivage, Borgata, Empire City, MGM National Harbor, MGM Northfield Park, and MGM Springfield from VICI. The VICI lease commenced April 29, 2022 and has an initial term of 25 years, with three 10 -year renewal periods, exercisable at the Company’s option, with a fixed 2 % rent escalator for the first 10 years, and thereafter, an escalator equal to the greater of 2 % and the CPI increase during the prior year subject to a cap of 3 %. Additionally, the VICI lease provides VICI with a right of first offer with respect to any further gaming development by the Company on the undeveloped land adjacent to Empire City, which VICI may exercise should the Company elect to sell the property. Annual cash rent payments for the lease year that commenced on May 1, 2025 increased to $ 775 million as a result of the 2 % fixed annual escalator. The Company is also required to pay the rent payments under the ground leases of the Borgata, Beau Rivage, and MGM National Harbor through the term of the VICI lease. The ground subleases of Beau Rivage and MGM National Harbor are classified as operating leases and the ground sublease of Borgata is classified as a finance lease. In February 2023, in connection with the sale of the operations of Gold Strike Tunica, the VICI lease was amended to remove Gold Strike Tunica and to reflect a $ 40 million reduction in annual cash rent. The modification resulted in reassessment of the lease classification and remeasurement of the VICI lease, with the lease continuing to be accounted for as an operating lease and $ 507 million of net operating lease ROU and $ 516 million of lease liabilities were derecognized. The Cosmopolitan lease. The Company leases the real estate assets of The Cosmopolitan. The Cosmopolitan lease commenced May 17, 2022 and has an initial term of 30 years with three 10 -year renewal periods, exercisable at the Company’s option, with a fixed 2 % rent escalator for the first 15 years, and thereafter, an escalator equal to the greater of 2 % and the CPI increase during the prior year, subject to a cap of 3 %. Annual cash rent payments for the lease year that commenced on June 1, 2025 was $ 212 million. MGM China land concessions . MGM Grand Paradise has MGM Macau and MGM Cotai land concession contracts with the government of Macau, each with an initial 25 -year contract term ending in April 2031 and January 2038, 78 respectively, with a right to renew for further consecutive periods of 10 years, at MGM Grand Paradise’s option. The land leases are classified as operating leases. Other information: Components of lease costs and other information related to the Company’s leases were: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (In thousands) Operating lease cost, primarily classified within “General and administrative” (1) $ 2,290,377 $ 2,300,373 $ 2,306,640 Finance lease costs Interest expense $ 15,995 $ 32,251 $ 9,899 Amortization expense 73,863 58,845 65,629 Total finance lease costs $ 89,858 $ 91,096 $ 75,528 (1) Operating lease cost includes $ 331 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, related to the Bellagio lease, which is held with a related party. December 31, 2025 2024 (In thousands) Operating leases Operating lease ROU assets, net (1) $ 23,002,707 $ 23,532,287 Operating lease liabilities - current, classified within “Other accrued liabilities” $ 106,005 $ 98,021 Operating lease liabilities - long-term (2) 24,962,742 25,076,139 Total operating lease liabilities $ 25,068,747 $ 25,174,160 Finance leases Finance lease ROU assets, net, classified within “Property and equipment, net” $ 236,861 $ 304,645 Finance lease liabilities - current, classified within “Other accrued liabilities” $ 76,913 $ 74,191 Finance lease liabilities - long-term, classified within “Other long-term obligations” 178,053 243,256 Total finance lease liabilities $ 254,966 $ 317,447 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases 23 24 Finance leases 9 8 Weighted average discount rate (%) Operating leases 7 7 Finance leases 6 6 (1) As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, operating lease ROU assets, net included $ 3.3 billion and $ 3.4 billion related to the Bellagio lease, respectively. (2) As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, operating lease liabilities – long-term included $ 3.8 billion related to the Bellagio lease. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, operating lease liabilities – current included $ 9 million and $ 3 million related to the Bellagio lease, respectively. 79 Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities (In thousands) Operating cash outflows from operating leases $ 1,867,130 $ 1,833,022 $ 1,802,577 Operating cash outflows from finance leases 15,995 15,939 6,332 Financing cash outflows from finance leases (1) 70,118 54,798 71,611 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Operating leases $ 6,502 $ 6,658 $ 15,089 Finance leases 6,688 275,455 3,073 (1) Included within “Other” within “Cash flows from financing activities” on the consolidated statements of cash flows. Maturities of lease liabilities were as follows: Operating Leases Finance Leases Year ending December 31, (In thousands) 2026 $ 1,878,845 $ 89,236 2027 1,910,407 83,577 2028 1,942,639 31,075 2029 1,974,637 7,948 2030 2,010,199 7,440 Thereafter 44,962,919 114,210 Total future minimum lease payments 54,679,646 333,486 Less: Amount of lease payments representing interest ( 29,610,899 ) ( 78,520 ) Present value of future minimum lease payments 25,068,747 254,966 Less: Current portion ( 106,005 ) ( 76,913 ) Long-term portion of lease liabilities $ 24,962,742 $ 178,053 NOTE 12 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Cybersecurity litigation, claims, and investigations. In September 2023, through unauthorized access to certain of its U.S. systems, third-party criminal actors accessed, for some of the Company’s customers, personal information (including name, contact information (such as phone number, email address and postal address), gender, date of birth and driver’s license numbers). For a limited number of customers, Social Security numbers and passport numbers were also accessed by the criminal actors. The Company has notified individuals impacted by this issue in accordance with federal and state law. In connection with this cybersecurity issue, the Company became subject to consumer class actions in U.S. and Canadian courts. These class actions assert a variety of common law and statutory claims based on allegations that the Company failed to use reasonable security procedures and practices to safeguard customers’ personal information, and seek monetary and statutory damages, injunctive relief and other related relief. The Company reached a settlement for $ 45 million to resolve the purported U.S. civil class action litigation related to the 2023 cybersecurity issue and a 2019 cybersecurity issue, which was paid by insurance carriers into a settlement fund in February 2025. The District Court for the District of Nevada approved the parties' settlement in the U.S. class actions and entered judgment in June 2025. In addition, the Company continues to be subject to investigations by state regulators, which also could result in monetary fines and other relief. The Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these potential matters, or whether the Company may be subject to additional legal proceedings, claims, regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions. While the Company believes it is reasonably possible that it may incur losses ass ociated with the above-described proceedings, it is not possible to estimate the amount of loss or range of loss, if any, that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, or other resolution given the preliminary stage of these proceedings. Other litigation . The Company is a party to various other legal proceedings, most of which relate to routine matters incidental to its business. Management does not believe that the outcome of such proceedings will have a material adverse 80 effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Commitments and guarantees. MGM Grand Paradise concession contract. Pursuant to the concession contract, MGM Grand Paradise is required to pay (i) a special gaming tax of 35% of gross gaming revenue and a special levy of up to 5% of gross gaming revenue, of which the tax is subject to a minimum annual payment in the form of a special premium in the event the minimum amount is not achieved, (ii) a fixed annual premium, and (iii) a variable premium based on the number of gaming tables and machines. Based upon the approved number of gaming tables and slot machines as of December 31, 2025, the premiums for the above obligations payable to the Macau government are approximately MOP 2.2 billion ($ 269 million as of December 31, 2025) during each of the next five years ending December 31, 2030, and approximately MOP 4.3 billion ($ 540 million as of December 31, 2025) in the aggregate thereafter through the expiration of the gaming concession in December 2032. In addition, MGM Grand Paradise is required to make annual payments in connection with the temporary use of the reverted gaming assets based upon square meters of the reverted casino areas. Such payments will be adjusted with the Macau average price index during the term of the reversion agreement. The annual payment to the Macau government is approximately MOP 148 million ($ 19 million as of December 31, 2025) during each of the next five years ending December 31, 2030, and approximately MOP 297 million ($ 37 million as of December 31, 2025) in the aggregate thereafter through the term of the reversion agreement, with each annual payment subject to the Macau average price index adjustment. The minimum required amount of the payments described in (ii) and (iii) above, as well as the payments relating to the use of the reverted gaming assets were accrued as of and at the commencement of the concession contract as an offset to the related gaming rights intangible asset for $ 226 million. The initial value of the intangible asset and liability were measured as the present value of these payments based upon the approved number of gaming tables and slot machines, estimates of Macau average price index, and square meters of the reverted casino areas, each as of January 1, 2023. Payments incremental to minimum amounts due or any subsequent changes to the amounts due under such payments are expensed as incurred. Under the gaming concession, MGM Grand Paradise committed to make gaming and non-gaming investments of MOP 19.7 billion ($ 2.5 billion as of December 31, 2025) over the ten year term of the concession, of which MOP 18 billion ($ 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2025) is designated for non-gaming projects in connection with, among others, the attraction of international visitors, conventions and exhibitions, entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness, themed entertainment, gastronomy, community tourism, and maritime tourism. The gaming law also requires concessionaires to maintain share capital of at least MOP 5 billion (approximately $ 624 million as of December 31, 2025). MGM China bank guarantees. In connection with the issuance of the gaming concession in January 2023, bank guarantees were provided to the government of Macau in the amount of MOP 1 billion (approximately $ 125 million as of December 31, 2025) to warrant the fulfillment of labor liabilities and of damages or losses that may result if there is noncompliance with the concession. The guarantees expire 180 days after the end of the concession term. As of December 31, 2025, MOP 700 million of the bank guarantees (approximately $ 87 million as of December 31, 2025) were secured by pledged cash. Bellagio REIT shortfall guarantee. The Company provides a shortfall guarantee of the $ 3.01 billion principal amount of indebtedness (and any interest accrued and unpaid thereon) of the landlord of Bellagio, Bellagio REIT Venture, which is a VIE and a related party, for which such indebtedness matures in 2029. The terms of the shortfall guarantee provide that after the lenders have exhausted certain remedies to collect on the obligations under the indebtedness, the Company would then be responsible for any shortfall between the value of the collateral, which is the real estate assets of the applicable property owned by the landlord, and the debt obligation. The guarantee is accounted for under ASC 460 at fair value; such value is immaterial. MGM Osaka guarantees. The Company provides for guarantees (1) in the amount of JPY 12.65 billion (approximately $ 81 million as of December 31, 2025) for 50 % of MGM Osaka’s obligations to Osaka under various agreements related to the venture’s development of an integrated resort in Osaka, Japan and (2) of an uncapped amount to provide funding to MGM Osaka, if necessary, for the completion of the construction and full opening of the integrated resort. The guarantees expire when the obligations relating to the full opening of the integrated resort are fulfilled. The guarantees are accounted for under ASC 460 at fair value; such value is immaterial. Additionally, the Company’s ownership interest in MGM Osaka, which had a carrying value of $ 434 million as of December 31, 2025, is pledged as collateral for MGM Osaka’s obligations under its credit agreement. MGM Osaka funding commitment. The Company has commitments to fund MGM Osaka of JPY 428 billion, of 81 which an estimated amount of approximately JPY 356.9 billion (approximately $ 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2025) remains to be funded as of December 31, 2025. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company funded JPY 35.3 billion (approximately $ 238 million), JPY 25.2 billion (approximately $ 157 million), and JPY 10.3 billion (approximately $ 69 million) of the committed amount, respectively. Other guarantees. The Company and its subsidiaries are party to various guarantee contracts in the normal course of business, which are generally supported by letters of credit issued by financial institutions. The Company’s senior credit facility limits the amount of letters of credit that can be issued to $ 1.35 billion . At December 31, 2025, $ 25 million in letters of credit were outstanding under the Company’s senior credit facility. The amount of available borrowings under the credit facility is reduced by any outstanding letters of credit. NOTE 13 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY MGM Resorts International stock repurchases. In each of March 2022, February 2023, November 2023, and April 2025, the Company announced that the Board of Directors authorized a $ 2.0 billion stock repurchase plan. Under these stock repurchase plans, the Company may repurchase shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated agreements. Repurchases of common stock may also be made under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, which would permit common stock to be repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws. The timing, volume and nature of stock repurchases will be at the sole discretion of management, dependent on market conditions, applicable securities laws, and other factors, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased approximately 54 million shares of its common stock for an aggregate amount of $ 2.3 billion. Repurchased shares were retired. In connection with these repurchases, the March 2022 $ 2.0 billion stock repurchase plan was completed. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company repurchased approximately 33 million shares of its common stock for an aggregate amount of $ 1.4 billion. Repurchased shares were retired. In connection with these repurchases, the February 2023 $ 2.0 billion stock repurchase plan was completed. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased approximately 37 million shares of its common stock for an aggregate amount of $ 1.2 billion. Repurchased shares were retired. In connection with these repurchases, the November 2023 $ 2.0 billion stock repurchase plan was completed. As of December 31, 2025 the remaining availability under the April 2025 $ 2.0 billion stock repurchase plan was $ 1.6 billion. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased approximately 2 million shares of its common stock for an aggregate amount of $ 89 million, excluding excise tax. Repurchased shares were retired. NOTE 14 — STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION MGM Resorts International 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The MGM Resorts 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (“2022 Omnibus Plan”) allows the Company to grant up to approximately 18 million shares or stock-based awards, such as stock options, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted stock units (“RSUs”), performance share units (“PSUs”) and other stock-based awards to eligible directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had an aggregate of approximately 12 million shares of common stock available for grant as stock-based awards under the 2022 Omnibus Plan. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately 6 million aggregate RSUs and PSUs outstanding, including deferred share units. MGM China Share Option Plan and Restricted Stock Unit Plan. MGM China adopted its own equity award plan for the issuance of stock based awards to eligible recipients. 82 Stock-based compensation expense. Stock-based compensation expense was recognized as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Stock-based compensation expense: (In thousands) Omnibus Plan $ 82,587 $ 73,074 $ 67,375 MGM China share-based compensation plans 7,884 7,150 6,232 Total stock-based compensation expense 90,471 80,224 73,607 Less: Reimbursed costs ( 67 ) ( 67 ) ( 21 ) 90,404 80,157 73,586 Less: Related tax benefit ( 13,894 ) ( 17,266 ) ( 15,975 ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax benefit $ 76,510 $ 62,891 $ 57,611 NOTE 15 — EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS Multiemployer benefit plans. The Company currently participates in multiemployer pension plans in which the risks of participating differs from single-employer plans in the following aspects: a) Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; b) If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers; c) If an entity chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans, the entity may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability; and d) If the plan is terminated by withdrawal of all employers and if the value of the non-forfeitable benefits exceeds plan assets and withdrawal liability payments, employers are required by law to make up the insufficient difference. The Company’s participation in these plans is presented below. EIN/Pension Pension Protection Act Zone Status (2) FIP/RP Contributions by the Company (in thousands) (4) Surcharge Expiration Dates of Collective Bargaining Agreements Pension Fund (1) Plan Number 2024 2023 Status (3) 2025 2024 2023 Imposed Western Unite Here and Employers Pension Fund (6) 93-4160766 /001 Green Green No $ 63,757 $ 61,630 $ 59,172 No 09/30/2028 (5); 09/30/2029 (5) The Legacy Plan of the UNITE HERE Retirement Fund (UHF) 82-0994119 /001 Red Red Implemented $ 10,657 $ 10,448 $ 10,113 No 5/31/2026 (1) The Company was listed in the plan’s Form 5500 as providing more than 5 % of the total contributions for the plan years 2024 and 2023 for both plans. At the date the financial statements were issued, Form 5500 was not available for the plan year 2025. (2) The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plan and is certified by the plan’s actuary. Plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded (critical status) and plans in the green zone are at least 80% funded. (3) Indicates plans for which a Financial Improvement Plan (FIP) or a Rehabilitation Plan (RP) is either pending or has been implemented. (4) There have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of contributions. (5) The Company is party to eleven collective bargaining agreements (CBA) that provide for contributions to the Western Unite Here and Employers Pension Fund, which are primarily with the Local Joint Executive Board of Las Vegas, for and on behalf of the Culinary Workers Union and Bartenders Union. The agreements between Aria, Bellagio, The Cosmopolitan, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas are the most significant because more than two-thirds of the Company’s employee participants in this plan are covered by those five agreements. (6) Effective January 1, 2024, the Southern Nevada Culinary and Bartenders Pension Plan merged into the Western Unite Here and Employers Pension Fund. There were no material changes to the terms of the plan. Multiemployer benefit plans other than pensions . Pursuant to its collective bargaining agreements referenced above, the Company also contributes to UNITE HERE Health (the “Health Fund”), which provides healthcare benefits to its active and retired members. The Company contributed $ 238 million, $ 237 million, and $ 230 million to the Health Fund for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 83 NOTE 16 — PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS, NET Property transactions, net consisted of the following: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (In thousands) Gain on sale of the operations of Gold Strike Tunica $ — $ — $ ( 398,787 ) Other property transactions, net 126,036 81,316 28,274 $ 126,036 $ 81,316 $ ( 370,513 ) Refer to Note 4 for discussion on the sale of the operations of Gold Strike Tunica. Other. Other property transactions, net in 2025 included miscellaneous asset disposals and write-downs as well as write-downs and impairments of $ 93 million related to the Company determining it would no longer seek a commercial gaming license for Empire City, which primarily consists of the impairment of $ 52 million relating to Empire City’s existing gaming license. Refer to Note 7 for further discussion. Other property transactions, net in 2024 and 2023 includes miscellaneous asset disposals and write-downs. NOTE 17 — SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company’s management views the operations of each of its casino properties as an operating segment which are aggregated into the reportable segments of Las Vegas Strip Resorts, Regional Operations, and MGM China and the Company’s operating segments that comprise the Company’s interactive gaming operations are aggregated into the MGM Digital reportable segment based on their similar economic characteristics, types of customers, types of services and products provided, the regulatory environments in which they operate and their management and reporting structure. Las Vegas Strip Resorts. Las Vegas Strip Resorts consists of the following casino resorts in Las Vegas, Nevada: Aria (including Vdara), Bellagio, The Cosmopolitan, MGM Grand Las Vegas (including The Signature), Mandalay Bay (including W Las Vegas and Four Seasons), Luxor, New York-New York (including The Park), Excalibur, and Park MGM (including The Reserve at Park MGM). Regional Operations. Regional Operations consists of the following casino properties: MGM Grand Detroit in Detroit, Michigan; Beau Rivage in Biloxi, Mississippi; Gold Strike Tunica in Tunica, Mississippi (until its disposition in February 2023); Borgata in Atlantic City, New Jersey; MGM National Harbor in Prince George’s County, Maryland; MGM Springfield in Springfield, Massachusetts; Empire City in Yonkers, New York; and MGM Northfield Park in Northfield Park, Ohio. MGM China. MGM China consists of MGM Macau and MGM Cotai. MGM Digital. MGM Digital consists of LeoVegas and other consolidated subsidiaries that offer interactive gaming. The Company’s operations related to investments in unconsolidated affiliates, and certain other corporate operations and management services have not been identified as separate reportable segments; therefore, these operations are included in “Corporate and other” in the following segment disclosures to reconcile to consolidated results. The Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is the Chief Executive Officer. The CODM uses and monitors budget-to-actual and actual-to-actual results of Segment Adjusted EBITDAR in assessing performance of each segment and deciding where to invest capital. Segment Adjusted EBITDAR is the Company’s reportable segment GAAP measure, which management utilizes as the primary profit measure for its reportable segments and underlying operating segments. Segment Adjusted EBITDAR is a measure defined as earnings before interest and other non-operating income (expense), income taxes, depreciation and amortization, preopening and start-up expenses, property transactions, net, triple net lease rent expense, income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates, goodwill impairment, and also excludes corporate expense and stock compensation expense, which are not allocated to each operating segment. Triple net lease rent expense is the expense for rent to landlords under triple net operating leases for its domestic properties, the ground subleases of Beau Rivage and MGM National Harbor, and the land concessions at MGM China. 84 Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (In thousands) Net revenue Las Vegas Strip Resorts Casino $ 2,013,701 $ 1,960,146 $ 2,127,612 Rooms 2,880,685 3,159,497 3,027,668 Food and beverage 2,260,651 2,356,718 2,289,812 Entertainment, retail and other 1,286,466 1,339,752 1,354,054 8,441,503 8,816,113 8,799,146 Regional Operations Casino 2,772,734 2,737,778 2,712,205 Rooms 307,959 304,322 296,100 Food and beverage 461,549 456,129 440,002 Entertainment, retail and other 230,091 222,093 222,002 3,772,333 3,720,322 3,670,309 MGM China Casino 3,909,643 3,496,697 2,787,837 Rooms 188,757 217,798 177,158 Food and beverage 323,764 265,883 161,669 Entertainment, retail and other 39,579 42,006 26,945 4,461,743 4,022,384 3,153,609 MGM Digital Casino 654,190 552,012 432,146 Reportable segment net revenues 17,329,769 17,110,831 16,055,210 Corporate and other 207,914 129,714 109,039 $ 17,537,683 $ 17,240,545 $ 16,164,249 Expenses Las Vegas Strip Resorts Payroll related $ 2,623,256 $ 2,635,565 $ 2,517,233 Cost of sales 515,998 536,807 551,877 Gaming taxes 230,045 232,841 241,943 Other segment items (1) 2,214,331 2,304,357 2,297,607 5,583,630 5,709,570 5,608,660 Regional Operations Payroll related 935,699 922,924 879,221 Cost of sales 161,998 166,872 159,670 Gaming taxes 763,166 757,824 735,179 Other segment items (1) 748,243 729,146 763,043 2,609,106 2,576,766 2,537,113 MGM China Payroll related 633,050 565,858 473,616 Cost of sales 116,260 96,516 62,453 Gaming taxes 1,969,031 1,778,032 1,380,976 Other segment items (1) 540,208 494,852 369,675 3,258,549 2,935,258 2,286,720 MGM Digital Payroll related 128,715 87,579 71,929 Marketing costs 267,621 253,227 164,645 Gaming taxes 157,721 125,934 84,064 Other segment items (2) 190,440 162,499 143,932 $ 744,497 $ 629,239 $ 464,570 (1) Other segment items primarily include corporate allocations, service provider costs, promotional expense, and other miscellaneous expenses. (2) Other segment items primarily include third party game provider fees, service provider costs, and other miscellaneous expenses. 85 Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (In thousands) Segment Adjusted EBITDAR Las Vegas Strip Resorts $ 2,857,873 $ 3,106,543 $ 3,190,486 Regional Operations 1,163,227 1,143,556 1,133,196 MGM China 1,203,194 1,087,126 866,889 MGM Digital ( 90,307 ) ( 77,227 ) ( 32,424 ) 5,133,987 5,259,998 5,158,147 Other operating income (expense) Corporate and other, net ( 519,941 ) ( 500,447 ) ( 496,867 ) Preopening and start-up expenses ( 1,086 ) ( 7,972 ) ( 415 ) Property transactions, net ( 126,036 ) ( 81,316 ) 370,513 Goodwill impairment ( 278,927 ) — — Depreciation and amortization ( 1,017,794 ) ( 831,097 ) ( 814,128 ) Triple net lease rent expense ( 2,258,405 ) ( 2,258,057 ) ( 2,263,649 ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates 69,982 ( 90,653 ) ( 62,104 ) Operating income 1,001,780 1,490,456 1,891,497 Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ( 419,042 ) ( 443,230 ) ( 460,293 ) Non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates 1,135 ( 734 ) ( 1,032 ) Other, net ( 303,094 ) 70,573 42,591 ( 721,001 ) ( 373,391 ) ( 418,734 ) Income before income taxes 280,779 1,117,065 1,472,763 Benefit (provision) for income taxes 240,093 ( 52,457 ) ( 157,839 ) Net income 520,872 1,064,608 1,314,924 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 315,010 ) ( 318,050 ) ( 172,744 ) Net income attributable to MGM Resorts International $ 205,862 $ 746,558 $ 1,142,180 Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Capital expenditures: (In thousands) Las Vegas Strip Resorts $ 513,605 $ 597,152 $ 527,104 Regional Operations 154,186 170,490 135,848 MGM China 195,211 148,813 45,331 MGM Digital 82,824 65,849 34,175 Reportable segment capital expenditures 945,826 982,304 742,458 Corporate and other 123,101 168,285 189,355 $ 1,068,927 $ 1,150,589 $ 931,813 Total assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting or when determining the allocation of resources and, accordingly, are not presented. Long-lived assets, which includes property and equipment, net and operating and finance lease right-of-use assets, net, presented by geographic region were as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Long-lived assets: (In thousands) United States $ 26,478,770 $ 26,903,773 $ 26,698,996 China 2,672,851 2,734,513 2,731,397 Other 156,700 90,160 46,616 $ 29,308,321 $ 29,728,446 $ 29,477,009 86 Net revenue, for which the country was determined based upon the location of the property or online gaming hub, presented by geographic region were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue: (In thousands) United States $ 12,411,625 $ 12,664,897 $ 12,577,085 China 4,464,095 4,020,420 3,153,520 Other 661,963 555,228 433,644 $ 17,537,683 $ 17,240,545 $ 16,164,249 87 ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“the Exchange Act”)) were effective as of December 31, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company’s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and regulations and to provide that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. This conclusion is based on an evaluation as required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act conducted under the supervision and participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer along with company management. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management’s Responsibilities Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Sections 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) for MGM Resorts International and subsidiaries (the “Company”). Objective of Internal Control over Financial Reporting In establishing adequate internal control over financial reporting, management has developed and maintained a system of internal control, policies and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and other information presented in this annual report is reliable, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact, and fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of and for the periods presented in this annual report. These include controls and procedures designed to ensure that this information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate for all timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Significant elements of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting include, for example: • Hiring skilled accounting personnel and training them appropriately; • Written accounting policies; • Written documentation of accounting systems and procedures; • Segregation of incompatible duties; • Internal audit function to monitor the effectiveness of the system of internal control; and • Oversight by an independent Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Management’s Evaluation Management, with the participation of the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the Company’s internal control over financial reporting using the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation as of December 31, 2025, management believes that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective in achieving the objectives described above. 88 The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm’s report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting appears herein. ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended December 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted , terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)). ITEM 9C.    DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 89 PART III ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we expect to file with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025 (the “Proxy Statement”), and is incorporated herein by reference. We have an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities that applies to all personnel of MGM and its subsidiaries, including directors, officers and employees and other covered persons, as well as MGM itself. We believe that our insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, as well as applicable listing standards. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this report. ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table includes information about our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2025: Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Securities available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (In thousands, except per share data) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 5,927 $ — 12,323 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders — — — (1) As of December 31, 2025, we had 4.4 million restricted stock units and 1.5 million performance share units outstanding that do not have an exercise price. As of December 31, 2025 there are no outstanding options, warrants, and rights that have an exercise price. The amount included in the securities outstanding above for performance share units assumes that each target price is achieved. ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 90 PART IV ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1). Financial Statements. The following consolidated financial statements of the Company are filed as part of this report under Item 8 – “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 52 Consolidated Balance Sheets 55 Consolidated Statements of Operations 56 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 57 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 58 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity 59 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. (a)(3). Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated June 14, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2011). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, effective January 8, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2025). 4.1(1) Indenture, dated November 15, 1996, by and between Mandalay and Wells Fargo Bank (Colorado), N.A., as Trustee (the “Mandalay November 1996 Indenture”) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(e) to the Mandalay October 1996 10-Q). 4.1(2) Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1996, to the Mandalay November 1996 Indenture, with respect to $150 million aggregate principal amount of 7.0% Senior Notes due 2036 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(f) to the Mandalay October 1996 10-Q). 4.1(3) 7.0% Senior Notes due February 15, 2036, in the principal amount of $150,000,000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(g) to the Mandalay October 1996 10-Q). 4.1(4) Indenture, dated March 22, 2012, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2012). 4.1(5) Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 19, 2016, among MGM Resorts International, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of March 22, 2012, among MGM Resorts International and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.625% senior notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2016). 4.1(6) Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated April 10, 2019, among MGM Resorts International, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of March 22, 2012, among MGM Resorts International and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 5.500% senior notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2019). 4.1(7) Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 13, 2020, among MGM Resorts International, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of March 22, 2012, among MGM Resorts International and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.750% senior notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2020). 4.1(8) Indenture, dated April 9, 2024, among MGM Resorts International and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2024). 91 4.1(9) First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 9, 2024, among MGM Resorts International, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2024, among MGM Resorts International and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 6.500% senior notes due 2032. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2024). 4.1(10) Second Supplemental Indenture, dated September 17, 2024. among MGM Resorts International, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2024, among MGM Resorts International and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 6.125% senior notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2024). 4.1(11) Indenture governing the 5.875% senior notes due 2026, dated as of May 16, 2019, between MGM China Holdings Limited and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2019). 4.1(12) Indenture governing the 4.75% senior notes due 2027, dated as of March 31, 2021, between MGM China Holdings Limited and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2021). 4.1(13) Indenture governing the 7.125% senior notes due 2031, dated as of June 26, 2024, between MGM China Holdings Limited and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2024). 4.2 Guarantee (Mandalay Resort Group 7.0% Senior Notes due 2036), dated as of April 25, 2005, by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company, in favor of The Bank of New York, as trustee for the benefit of the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture referred to therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2005). 4.3 Description of MGM Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2021). 10.1(1) Credit Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2021, among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2021). 10.1(2) First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated August 31, 2023, by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(1) of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2023). 10.1(3) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2024, among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2024). 10.1(4) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2025, by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto. 10.1(5) Credit Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2025, among the Company, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (i ncorporated by refere nce to Exhibit 10.1 of the Co mpany ’ s Current Report on Form 8 -K filed on October 29, 202 5). 10.1(6) First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of November 21, 2025, by and among the Company, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto. 10.1(7) Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, by and among MGM China Holdings Limited and certain Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2025). 10.1(8) Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2019). 10.1(9) Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2020). 10.1(10) Core Shareholders, etc. Support Letter, dated March 29, 2024, among Osaka IR KK, as Borrower, the Company, MGM Resorts Japan LLC and ORIX Corporation, as Core Shareholders, etc., MUFG Bank Ltd, as Facility Agent, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as Securities Agent, and certain lenders party thereto (English translation of Japanese original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2024). 10.1(11) Guarantee and Keep-Well Letter, dated September 28, 2023, by MGM Resorts International, as guarantor, to Osaka Prefecture and Osaka City (English translation of Japanese original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2024). ^^10.1(12) Shareholders’ Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, by and between ORIX Corporation and MGM Resorts Japan, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2024). 92 10.1(13) Omnibus Amendment to Shareholders’ Agreement and Amended and Restated Memorandum of Understanding Regarding Draft Shareholders’ Agreement, dated October 18, 2024, by and between ORIX Corporation and MGM Resorts Japan, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2024). 10.2(1) Concession Contract, effective as of January 1, 2023, by and between MGM Grand Paradise S.A. and the Government of the Macau SAR (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(1) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2023) . 10.2(2) Land Concession Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2005, relating to the MGM Macau resort and casino between the Special Administrative Region of Macau and MGM Grand Paradise, S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2011). 10.2(3) Land Concession Agreement, effective as of January 9, 2013, relating to the MGM Cotai resort and casino between the Special Administrative Region of Macau and MGM Grand Paradise S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(4) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2013). 10.3(1) Amended and Restated Master Lease, by and between MGP Lessor, LLC and MGM Lessee, LLC, dated as of April 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022). 10.3(2) First Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Lease, dated as of December 19, 2022, by and between MGP Lessor, LLC and MGM Lessee, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022). 10.3(3) Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Lease, dated as of February 15, 2023, by and between MGP Lessor, LLC and MGM Lessee, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2023). 10.3(4) Lease, by and between BCORE Paradise LLC and Bellagio, LLC, dated as of November 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2019). 10.3(5) First Amendment to Lease, by and between BCORE Paradise LLC and Bellagio, LLC, dated as of April 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021). 10.3(6) Second Amendment to Lease, by and between BCORE Paradise LLC and Bellagio, LLC, dated as of February 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2022). 10.3(7) Lease, by and between Mandalay PropCo, LLC, MGM Grand PropCo, LLC and MGM Lessee II, LLC, dated as of February 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2020). 10.3(8) Master Lease by and among Ace A PropCo LLC, Ace V PropCo LLC and MGM Lessee III, LLC, dated as of September 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2021). 10.3(9) Amendment to Master Lease, by and among Ace A PropCo LLC, Ace V PropCo LLC and MGM Lessee III, LLC, dated as of November 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(9) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2024). 10.3(10) Lease by and between Marker LV Propco LLC and Nevada Property 1 LLC, dated as of May 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2022). 10.3(11) Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Bellagio, LLC, BCORE Paradise Parent LLC and BCORE Paradise JV LLC, dated as of November 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2019). 10.3(12) Tax Protection Agreement, by and among MGM Resorts International, MGM Growth Properties Operating Partnership LP and MGP BREIT Venture 1 LLC, dated as of February 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2020). 10.3(13) Tax Protection Agreement, by and among VICI Properties, Inc., VICI Properties OP LLC, MGM Resorts International and the other parties thereto, dated as of April 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022). *10.4(1) Amended and Restated 2005 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2014). *10.4(2) MGM Resorts International 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022). *10.4(3) Second Amended and Restated Annual Performance-Based Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company’s Proxy Statement filed on April 20, 2016). *10.4(4) Deferred Compensation Plan II, as Amended and Restated, effective December 17, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(6) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2015). 93 *10.4(5) Amendment Number Two to the MGM Resorts Deferred Compensation Plan II, effective November 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(5) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2023). *10.4(6) Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II, dated as of December 30, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2005). *10.4(7) Amendment No. 1 to the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II, dated as of July 10, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(12) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2008 ). *10.4(8) Amendment No. 2 to the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II, dated as of October 15, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(14) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2008). *10.4(9) Amendment No. 1 to the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II, dated as of November 4, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2008). *10.4(10) Amendment No. 4 to the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II, effective November 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(10) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2023). *10.4(11) Employment Agreement, effective as of May 8, 2025, by and between the Company and William Hornbuckle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2025). *10.4(12) Employment Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2022, by and between the Company and Corey Sanders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2022). *10.4(13) Employment Agreement, effective as of October 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Jonathan Halkyard (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2025). *10.4(14) Employment Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2022, by and between the Company and John McManus (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2022). *10.4(15) Employment Agreement, effective as of October 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Gary Fritz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2025). *10.4(16) First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and between the Company and Corey Sanders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(16) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2023). *10.4(17) Amendment and Modification to Employment Agreement, effective as of August 29, 2025, by and between the Company and Corey Sanders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2025). *10.4(18) First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and between the Company and John McManus (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(18) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2023). *10.4(19) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors, effective as of June 5, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2014). *10.4(20) First Amendment to MGM Resorts International 2012 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated as of April 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2022). *10.4(21) Second Amendment to MGM Resorts International 2012 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated as of October 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(22) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2023). *10.4(22) Amended and Restated Change of Control Policy for Executive Officers, effective August 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2022). *10.4(23) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Director) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2017). *10.4(24) Form of Restricted Stock Unit (Deferred Payment Bonus) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2018). *10.4(25) Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5(41) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 94 *10.4(26) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (no Performance Hurdle) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5(44) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). *10.4(27) Form of Relative Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5(44) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2022). *10.4(28) Form of Relative Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant, Messrs. Hornbuckle, Sanders & McManus) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5(45) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2022). *10.4(29) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (no Performance Hurdle) (for awards granted in September 2024 and thereafter) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2024). *10.4(30) Form of Relative Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant) (for awards granted in October 2024 through 2025) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(32) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2025). *10.4(31) Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant) (for awards granted in October 2024 through 2025) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(33) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2025). *10.4(32) Form of Relative Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant, Messrs. Hornbuckle, Sanders & McManus) (for awards granted in October 2024 through 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(34) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2025.) *10.4(33) Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant, Messrs. Hornbuckle, Sanders & McManus) (for awards granted in October 2024 through 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(35) of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2025). *10.4(34) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Fritz) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company’s Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2025). *10.4(35) Form of Relative Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant, Messrs. Hornbuckle, Sanders & McManus) (for awards granted in October 202 5 ) . *10.4(36) Form of Relative Performance Share Unit Agreement (Annual Grant) (for awards granted in October 202 5 ). ^19.1 MGM Securities Trading Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2025). ^19.2 MGM Securities Trading Policy - Policy Supplement for Blackout Insiders . ^19.3 MGM Securities Trading Policy - Policy Supplement for Pre-Clearance Insiders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.3 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2024). 21 List of subsidiaries of the Company. 22 Subsidiary Guarantors. 23.1 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d‑14(a). 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d‑14(a). **32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. **32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 97 Policy on Recovery of Incentive Compensation in Event of Financial Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2024). 99.1 Description of Regulation and Licensing. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 95 * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. ** Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed filed with the SEC, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. ^ Certain information contained in this exhibit has been redacted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. ^^ Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. MGM Resorts International agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. In addition, certain information contained in this exhibit has been redacted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) and Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, the XBRL information included in Exhibit 101 and Exhibit 104 to this Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. ITEM 16.    FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 96 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MGM Resorts International By: /s/ William J. Hornbuckle William J. Hornbuckle Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: February 11, 2026 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ William J. Hornbuckle Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) February 11, 2026 William J. Hornbuckle /s/ Jonathan S. Halkyard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 11, 2026 Jonathan S. Halkyard /s/ Todd R. Meinert Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 11, 2026 Todd R. Meinert /s/ Paul J. Salem Chairman of the Board February 11, 2026 Paul J. Salem /s/ Barry Diller Director February 11, 2026 Barry Diller /s/ Joseph M. Levin Director February 11, 2026 Joseph M. Levin /s/ Rose McKinney-James Director February 11, 2026 Rose McKinney-James /s/ Keith A. Meister Director February 11, 2026 Keith A. Meister /s/ Janet G. Swartz Director February 11, 2026 Janet G. Swartz 97 Signature Title Date /s/ Daniel J. Taylor Director February 11, 2026 Daniel J. Taylor /s/ Benjamin S. Winston Director February 11, 2026 Benjamin S. Winston /s/ Keith Barr Director February 11, 2026 Keith Barr /s/ Donna Langley Director February 11, 2026 Donna Langley 98

