TICKER: MLGO
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruption, which could significantly reduce goods supply; ● Our customers may request additional time for payment or may not pay us at all, which could significantly increase the amount and turnover days of our trade receivables, and require us to record additional allowance for doubtful accounts. For the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2022, we did not experience significant collection issues; ● Any precautionary measure taken to minimize the risks of COVID-19, including travel restriction, quarantine, provisional request of remote work for employees, cancellation or postponement of industry activities and business travel, could damage our efficiency and productivity during the above-mentioned period and incur additional costs, slow down the brand promotion and marketing efforts, causing short-term fluctuation to our results of operations. Due to the uncertain nature
of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is impossible to reasonably estimate the financial impact brought by the outbreak and countermeasures of
COVID-19 pandemic for the time being. In the last several months, the Chinese government has eased COVID-related restrictions and lifted
lockdown measures, shifting away from its “zero-COVID” policy, which changes were followed by spikes in the number of COVID
cases across mainland China. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including as a result of restrictive quarantine measures imposed by
the Chinese government and increased infection rates when such restrictions were lifted or eased, have adversely affected our business,
and may continue to adversely affect our business, perhaps significantly, in 2023 and beyond. The extent of the impact will depend on
the nature, severity, and duration of the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in mainland China where our operations
are primarily located.  During such an epidemic outbreak, China may adopt certain hygiene measures, those restrictive measures adversely
affected and slowed down the national economic development during that period. As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, our operation is expected to experience slowdown. Our business could be materially and adversely affected if the economic slowdown or suspension continues for a long period. For example, the effects of a subvariant of the Omicron variant of COVID-19, which may spread faster than the original Omicron variant, as well as the effects of any new variants and subvariants which may develop, including any actions taken by governments, may have the effect of increasing the already-existing supply chain problems or slowing our sales. The extent to which this pandemic impacts our results of operations will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including new outbreaks of COVID-19, the severity of the virus infection, the effectiveness and availability of vaccines, and future actions us or the authorities may take in response to these developments. 27 We may be materially and adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of the Internet industry and companies. In the opinion of our PRC counsel, our subsidiaries in the PRC currently have obtained the necessary permits and licenses to operate our business in China. However, the PRC government extensively regulates the Internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in the Internet industry. These Internet-related laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainty. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in violations of applicable laws and regulations. Issues, risks and uncertainties relating to PRC regulations of the Internet business include, but are not limited to, the following: ● There are uncertainties relating to the regulation of the Internet business in China, including evolving licensing practices and the requirement for real-name registrations. Permits, licenses or operations at some of our subsidiaries and PRC variable interest entity levels may be subject to challenge, we may not be able to timely obtain or maintain all the required licenses or approvals, permits, or to complete filing, registration or other formalities necessary for our present or future operations, and we may not be able to renew certain permits or licenses or renew certain filing or registration or other formalities. ● The evolving PRC regulatory system for the Internet industry may lead to the establishment of new regulatory agencies. For example, in May 2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the State Internet Information Office. The primary role of this new agency is to facilitate the policy-making and legislative development in this field to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with online content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the Internet industry. We are unable to determine what policies this new agency or any new agencies to be established in the future may have or how they may interpret existing laws, regulations and policies and how they may affect us. Further, new laws, regulations or policies may be promulgated or announced that will regulate Internet activities, including online video and online advertising businesses. If these new laws, regulations or policies are promulgated, additional licenses may be required for our operations. If our operations do not comply with these new regulations after they become effective, or if we fail to obtain any licenses required under these new laws and regulations, we could be subject to penalties, and our business could be disrupted. The interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws, regulations or policies relating to the Internet industry have created substantial uncertainties regarding the legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities of, Internet businesses in China, including our business. There are also risks that we may be found to violate the existing or future laws and regulations given the uncertainty and complexity of China’s regulation of Internet business. Our business generates and processes a large amount of data, and we are required to comply with PRC laws and regulations relating to cyber security. These laws and regulations could create unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or restrict portions of our business or cause us to change our data practices or business model. Our business generates and processes a large quantity of data. We face risks inherent in handling and protecting large volume of data. In particular, we face a number of challenges relating to data we collect through our game distribution platform, including: ● protecting the data in and hosted on our system, including against attacks on our system by outside parties or fraudulent behavior or improper use by our employees; ● addressing concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security and other factors; and ● complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, storage, transfer, disclosure and security of personal information, including any requests from regulatory and government authorities relating to this data. 28 Governments around the world, including the PRC government, have enacted or are considering legislation related to online businesses. There may be an increase in legislation and regulation related to the collection and use of anonymous internet user data and unique device identifiers, such as IP address or mobile unique device identifiers, and other data protection and privacy regulation. The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard to data security and data protection is evolving. We may be required by Chinese governmental authorities to share personal information and data that we collect to comply with PRC laws relating to cybersecurity. All these laws and regulations may result in additional expenses to us, and any non-compliance may subject us to negative publicity which could harm our reputation and negatively affect the trading price of our ordinary shares. There are also uncertainties with respect to how these laws will be implemented in practice. PRC regulators have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. We expect that these areas will receive greater attention and focus from regulators, as well as attract continued or greater public scrutiny and attention going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject it to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to penalties, fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, regulatory authorities around the world have recently adopted or are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. These legislative and regulatory proposals, if adopted, and the uncertain interpretations and application thereof could, in addition to the possibility of fines, result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided directly or indirectly by our customers or end users. We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often vary in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. We expect to obtain information about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees and third parties. We also maintain information about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data is critical to our business. Our customers, end users and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. We are required by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that it collects, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such information. The PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen’s personal information obtained during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November 7, 2016, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People’s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which became effective on June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users’ consent, collect their personal information, and may only collect users’ personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. The Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National People’s Congress on May 28, 2020, and effective from January 1, 2021) provides main legal basis for privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. 29 The PRC regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and regulations with varying and evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. In November 2016, the Standing Committee of China’s National People’s Congress passed China’s first Cybersecurity Law (“CSL”), which became effective in June 2017. The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data protection, subjecting many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal consequences of violation of the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding up for rectification, shutting down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments (“Draft Measures”), which required that, in addition to “operator of critical information infrastructure,” any “data processor” carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has said that under the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be “affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments.” The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs. On December 28, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China jointly with the relevant authorities formally published Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021) which took effect on February 15, 2022, and replaced the former Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2020). Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021) stipulates that operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services, and online platform operator (together with the operators of critical information infrastructure, the “Operators”) carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review, any online platform operator who controls more than one million users’ personal information must go through a cybersecurity review by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign country. Since we are not an operator, it does not control the personal information of more than one million users and does not collect data that affects or could affect national security. In the foreseeable future, we will not collect personal information of more than one million users or collect data that affects or may affect national security, and we will not be required to apply for a cybersecurity review under the Cybersecurity Review Measures (2021). As of the date of this report, we have not received any notification from any PRC government agency regarding any requirement by us to go through a cybersecurity review. Further, if the enacted version of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. Since the Cybersecurity Review Measures are relativity new, the implementation and interpretation are not yet clear. There are uncertainties about how such regulations will affect us and our listing on Nasdaq. In the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations, we may be required to be delisted from Nasdaq and we may be subject to fines and penalties. 30 On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which will take effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should not exceed the necessary limits The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, CSL and any other cybersecurity and related laws may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business. On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC approved the Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”), which will become effective on November 1, 2021. The PIPL regulates collection of personal identifiable information and seeks to address the issue of algorithmic discrimination. Companies in violation of the PIPL may be subject to warnings and admonishments, forced corrections, confiscation of corresponding income, suspension of related services, and fines. To implement the security assessment mechanisms for cross-border transfers out of China of data under the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law, and the PIPL, the CAC promulgated the Security Assessment Measures, which took effect on September 1, 2022, and published the Security Assessment Guide on August 31, 2022. Under the Security Assessment Measures, a mandatory security assessment is required for data transfers out of mainland China under any of the following circumstances: (i) transfer of important data by data processors; (ii) transfer of personal information by critical information infrastructure operators and data processors that process personal information of more than one million individuals; (iii) transfer of personal information by data processors that have transferred either personal information of over 100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information of over 10,000 individuals abroad since January 1 of the preceding year; and (iv) other situations as determined by the CAC. We understand that the Security Assessment Measures cover (1) overseas transmission and storage by data processors of data generated during PRC domestic operations, and (2) access to or use of the data collected and generated by data processors and stored in the PRC by overseas institutions, organizations, or individuals. The Security Assessment Measures have retroactive effect for relevant cross-border data transfers out of mainland China conducted prior to September 1, 2022, and data processors have until February 28, 2023, to undergo mandatory security assessment for such prior relevant cross-border data transfers. To implement the standard contract mechanism for cross-border transfers out of China of personal information under the PIPL, on February 22, 2023, the CAC published the Measures for the Standard Contract for Outbound Cross-Border Transfer of Personal Information, along with the final version of the PRC Standard Contract, which will be effective on June 1, 2023. Going forward, personal information processors may conclude a PRC Standard Contract with overseas recipients of personal information to comply with PIPL requirements for cross-border transfers out of mainland China of personal information that do not need to undergo a security assessment. To implement the personal information protection certification mechanism for cross-border transfers out of China of personal information under the PIPL, on November 4, 2022, the CAC and SAMR jointly issued the Notification on the Implementation of Personal Information Protection Certification. In parallel, on December 16, 2022, the National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee released an updated version of the Certification Specification which provides the general principles and detailed requirements for personal information processors engaging in the cross-border transfer out of mainland China of personal information to meet in order to obtain a personal information protection certification from qualified certification institutions for cross-border transfers out of China of personal information governed by the PIPL. However, the list of qualified certification institutions has not been released to date. We are not subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC, given that: (i) our products and services are offered not directly to individual users but through our business customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the PIPL and the measures promulgated thereunder will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the PIPL. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. We offer our central processing algorithm services mainly to corporate clients and has limited interactions with individual end-users, which means our potential access or exposure to end-users’ personal identifiable information is limited. However, in the event us inadvertently accesses or becomes exposed to end-users’ personal identifiable information, through our corporate clients’ end-user-facing applications which access or store end users’ personal identifiable information, then we may face heightened exposure to the PIPL. 31 We cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As of the date of this report, our Hong Kong subsidiaries do not have any material operation in Hong Kong and they have not collected, stored, or managed any personal information in Hong Kong. Therefore, we have concluded that currently it does not expect that laws and regulations in Mainland China on data security, data protection, or cybersecurity to be applied to our Hong Kong subsidiaries or that the oversight of the Cyberspace Administration of China will be extended to our operations outside of Mainland China. In Hong Kong, the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486) of Hong Kong), or the PDPO, applies to data users, which control the collection, holding, processing or use of personal data in Hong Kong. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries are subject to the general requirements under PDPO including the need to obtain the prescribed consent of the data subject and to take all practicable steps to protect the personal data held by data users against unauthorized or accidental access, loss or use. Breaches of the PDPO may lead to a variety of civil and criminal sanctions including fines and imprisonment. In addition, data subjects have a right to bring proceedings in court to seek compensation for damage. We cannot guarantee that we are, or will be, in compliance with all applicable international regulations as they are enforced now or as they evolve. As of the date of this report, our Hong Kong subsidiaries do not have any material operation in Hong Kong and therefore, we believe that the PDPO will not be applied to our Hong Kong subsidiaries. We and our subsidiaries have a limited customer base and depend on a small number of customers for a significant portion of revenues which may result in heightened concentration risk. Due to the nature of our
business and our limited operating history, we and our subsidiaries have a limited customer base and have depended on a small number of
customers for a significant portion of revenues. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we had 248 and 173 customers who engaged
us to provide central processing algorithm services and intelligent chips and services business, respectively. For the years ended December
31, 2021 and 2022, we derived 23.9% and 18.5% of ou r total revenues from a single largest
customer, respectively. In terms of accounts receivable for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we derived 45.2% and 57.8% of
our accounts receivable from three largest and two largest customers, respectively. Our ability to maintain close relationships with our top customers is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. If we fail to retain these top customers in any particular period, or if a large customer enters into fewer engagements with us, or fail to enter into any engagements with us, or if we fail to develop additional major customers, or if we fail to develop additional major customers, then our revenue could decline, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We and our subsidiaries depend on a limited number of

--- VENDORS ---
vendors for a significant portion of our purchase which may result in heightened concentration risk. We and our subsidiaries, also conduct business with a limited number of vendors. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, 61.2% and 11.3% of our total purchases were from three and one vendors, respectively. In terms of accounts payable for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, 95.8% and 82.4% of our accounts payable were from six and three vendors, respectively. Our financial results could be materially and adversely affected if any one supplier fails to fulfill our contractual obligations, or if we are unable to find other suppliers to provide the same level of supplies. In addition, we cannot assure you that performance by third-party vendors will be satisfactory, and if they under-perform, it will have a material adverse effect on the cash flows or profitability of our business. 32

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, control systems, information systems, products, and people, efficient business decisions can be made through the combination of comprehensive and in-depth perception of data and big data analysis to achieve intelligent control, operation optimization and production organization reform, effectively unleashing the potential of machines and enhancing productivity. As a transit station for data localization and transmission, central processing algorithms serve a crucial role in the overall development of the industrial internet. Financial technology central processing algorithm services Financial technology is reshaping the way the financial industry work. The transformation of channel and real-time trading scenarios from a centralized system to a fully distributed system demands higher computing power and better energy efficiency ratios. In the next few years, operation analysis scenario will complete the switch from all-in-one to an open architecture, requiring high distributed concurrency. The new smart finance business is the fastest-growing scenario in the future, which requires high concurrency and mobile collaboration. The traditional business scenario is transforming to the cloud, which requires low energy consumption and costs to improve the price-performance ratio of big data comprehensive analysis. Big data finance focuses on the acquisition, storage, processing analysis, and visualization of financial big data. In general, the core technologies of financial big data include the infrastructure layer, the data storage and management layer, the computing processing layer, the data analysis and visualization layer. The data analysis and visualization layer are mainly responsible for simple data analysis, advanced data analysis, and visualization of the relevant analysis results. Big data finance is also committed to the research and development of new financial business models of financing, payment, investment, and information intermediary services by adopting internet technology and information and communications technology. The application scenarios above would benefit from bespoke centralized processing algorithms to improve business efficiency and reduce costs. Medical cloud central processing algorithm services Big data and AI technologies will drive the way consumers access health care. Applications include intelligent healthcare such as disease prediction, personalized precision healthcare, personalized medicine, and medical graph and image analysis. Distinct features of the medical cloud include data diversity (such as voice, text, and medical images) and massive data volume (such as high-quality data training). Our central processing algorithms solutions can meet the diversified computing needs for green and low power consumption and intensive computing power. The medical cloud essentially serves as the holder of electronic health records. With the development of the medical cloud, functions such as remote consultation, remote medical treatment, and information sharing are becoming a reality. Moreover, medical cloud will promote public health and achieve cross-system and cross-department business information sharing, allowing medical and health service institutions to share medical resources and carry out remote diagnosis and treatment services to individuals or families to reduce repeated examination expenditures. It will also make patient transfers between hospitals more efficient, and patients can enjoy higher quality services through remote medical treatment and establish an information-sharing platform. Intelligent transportation central processing algorithm services Terminal-edge-cloud is crucial to the future of how people travel. On the terminal side, it is necessary to have a comprehensive view of the surrounding situation and detailed information and to make changes in a timely manner. On the edge side, it is essential to timely provide intelligent and accurate information on decision-making for efficient deployment. On the cloud side, a sustainable and iterative “brain” is needed to empower the edge and terminal sides. Collection of traffic information through efficient technologies enables transportation industry players to engage in more efficient traffic management, public travel, and the industry vertical pertaining to transportation construction management. Through the terminal-edge-cloud, and interconnected transportation system can efficiently perceive, analyze, predict and control regional traffic to ensure safety and efficiency. 7 To achieve such a level of interconnectivity, terminal-edge cloud servers and data centers perform intensive arithmetic processing for large amounts of raw data, which demands excellent computing capacity, speed, data storage, and bandwidth of basic hardware such as chips. As traditional data centers face various development bottlenecks such as high energy consumption and low computing efficiency, terminal-edge cloud servers will prove to be the answer to the industry’s current problem. With the continuous popularization of these new technologies, the realization of an intelligent society must first undergo comprehensive digitalization, and the central processing algorithm application field is the core driver of such digitalization. PaaS 3D central processing algorithm cloud services Based on the 3DPaaS vertical cloud service platform, we provide internet industry applications with support in areas including scenario intelligence, scenario visualization, and lightweight processing for 3D interactive procedures. One of our goals is to construct the best intelligent 3D data platform in China to provide more efficient and intelligent information services for people’s work and life. Through the implementation of hybrid cloud deployment solutions, 3D computing system architecture, and interactive stream transmission, we have solved many industry pain points, such as excessive data usage on 3D Internet online applications and cross-platform deployment. Our self-developed 3D acceleration algorithm, intelligent interaction, and stream transmission technologies are the first in the PRC and have already achieved commercialization. We provide enterprises with a one-stop lightweight launching cloud platform for 3D applications, which is featured with scenario-based intelligent interaction. We will charge fees on a project-by-project basis (B2B) or based on various factors such as space usage and traffic volume, annual fees, and technology licensing to cater to different industries such as VR, AR, games, 3D interactive programs, and scenario-based e-commerce. We will facilitate the promotion and application of central processing algorithm technology in the future. Central processing algorithm cloud service for enterprise (SAAS) marketing Leveraging our technologies on 3D online display, VR tours, data algorithm analysis, and precise traffic algorithm matching, we will provide enterprise owners with a one-stop product display system, real-time VR product tour and interactive communication, VR live professional broadcast promotion, and sales platform, decision-making system for customer acquisition and data optimization, and consumer analysis and accurate user matching algorithm system. This technology provides a new form of display and interactive communication for products and integrates the functions, features, and highlights of product introduction. Through intuitive interaction, customers can quickly switch and select different materials and colors of the same product. ● SAAS marketing helps customers to craft a compelling story about products with professional sales presentations and flexible operation and interaction methods. ● Helping customers to understand the advantages of the products in the shortest time immediately establishes efficient communication between customers and corporate personnel, improves consumer decision-making efficiency, and enhances user acquisition efficiency by increasing the scope of live streaming. ● Data optimization algorithms can help customers to accurately match consumers and traffic users, and thereby increasing the conversion rate of product sales; and ● Efficient transactions can be achieved by attracting and stimulating consumers’ desire with highly innovative presentation and integrated algorithms. 8 Leveraging the current development of the central processing algorithm technology and our technical reserve capability, the platform is ready for use under the existing environment. We will receive relevant service fees from content production, annual fees for the SAAS system, algorithm technology service fees, and streaming platform licensing fees. We are currently liaising with some small and medium-sized brand owners in relation to the provision of our competitive product (SAAS) marketing cloud services. Our next step is to provide global online product (SAAS) marketing cloud services both domestically and internationally to export companies and factories. We will selectively seek strategic acquisitions to enhance market position, integrate industrial chain resources, and maximize capital efficiency. We intend to pursue investment opportunities or acquire businesses that complement or enhance our existing businesses that are strategically beneficial to our long-term goals. We aim to target companies that have competitive strengths in algorithm development and research, and AI capabilities to enhance our research and development abilities. In addition, we plan to pursue business collaborations to enhance our operational efficiency by collaborating with resource-based partners that generate significant user traffic. Our ideal partners are internet traffic wholesalers, game developers, and advertisement integration agencies. We will continue our focus on brand building to enhance our brand value. Concurrent to improving our innovative technologies, we are attaching ever greater importance to brand building and strategic positioning, especially in view of becoming a public company. We carry out brand value communication through multiple channels, including through media and investor relations. We believe that building a good reputation in the industry is essential to building up brand value. We strive to maximize brand value by providing customers with high-quality products and services, operates our business with integrity, and builds an excellent corporate image through good value output. Our Business Model We provide central processing algorithm solutions primarily to the internet advertisement, gaming, and intelligent chip industry. Our customers are internet advertising integration agencies, online game developers and distributors, electronics manufacturers, and internet information infrastructure service providers who have entered into contracts with us and used our services pursuant to such contracts during the relevant period. Customers typically enter into a master agreement with us for a fixed term and submit separate requests for each service engagement or product, or for both. For more information on how We enter into business arrangements with our customers, please see “Business—Our Strengths—Long-term and stable strategic cooperation relationships.” Application of our central processing algorithm service in internet advertisement Generally, for customers in the field of internet advertisement, like internet advertising integration agencies, our central processing algorithm solutions helps them engage in more efficient data processing and management, which culminates in more effective programmed advertising and dynamic content optimization with the goal to improve consumer conversion rate, which means the rate at which individuals who have seen an advertisement turn into a user or purchaser of the service or items contemplated by the advertisement. Our proprietary central processing algorithm solutions improve upon the processes by which our customers are able to make one of their most crucial business decisions—the effective placement of advertisements. In sum, our customers provide advertisement materials in the form of 3D models or images, which we process in our back servers into more detailed data such as color key and fusion image; we then purchas advertisement placement opportunities from ad traffic wholesalers and begins analyzing multimedia sources hosted on such traffic wholesalers with our image recognition software to extract scenario data from such videos to determine data points such as the location, time, space and other useful information. At the same time, we are also processing internet users’ data to achieve effective and precise placement of advertisements. 9 The diagram below illustrates the key steps of providing solutions to our digital marketing customers: We first obtain advertisement placement opportunities from internet traffic wholesalers. We then use our image recognition software to perform scenario-based classification of such videos to determine their location, time, space, and other relevant information to identify the most appropriate places to insert our customers’ advertisements. With such data, we establish dynamic information databases in relation to these multimedia sources with technology such as Relational Database Service (RDS) to be further processed at our disposal. At the same time, our back servers are communicating with these traffic wholesaler’s servers to collect user data, which we then processes with our crowd-based socio-cognitive systems (SCS) for the purpose of effectively placing our customer’s advertisement through a process of dynamic content optimization (DCO), with the aim of improving our customers’ consumer conversion rate. In sum, we provide effective advertising solutions for digital marketers by optimizing advertising content and precisely matching content with suitable consumers by processing a massive amount of data through efficient automation. Eligible consumers are selected in accordance with their demographics and personal preferences, which our central processing algorithm service is able to analyze for the purpose of maximizing the internet advertisement effect. We ensure high-quality engineering architecture for our proprietary central processing algorithms, which means our services are being provided at low latencies while being highly scalable. We are capable of powerful real-time transcoding with stable, smooth, and low latency, which provides our customers valuable insights into consumer behavior. 10 Application of our central processing algorithm service in the internet gaming entertainment industry With respect to customers in the gaming and entertainment industry, we provide game developers with lightweight data processing solutions through customized central processing algorithms. We also maintain a proprietary game distribution platform hosted “on the cloud,” where we interact with gamers directly, publishes our customers’ games and provides software and hardware performance acceleration and optimization through customized central processing algorithms. Our game distribution platform also uses accurate traffic targeting algorithms to match gamers with suitable games. Our upstream solutions aim to help our customers in the gaming industry to improve the gamer experience and increase conversion rate since our solutions tend to reduce the initial cost for buying such games, which tends to increase the willingness for gamers to pay for in-game items or subscriptions. Our games distribution platform uses an architecture design that is part terminal and part cloud— “terminal+cloud” —this helps our customers to obtain lightweight terminals and low-latency, high-response results. Through the central processing algorithm service, we optimize algorithms (computing process performed on computers) and computing power (computing capacity of computers) of software algorithms so that end-users game files are small, and the game content is gradually loaded as it is being used, as opposed to loading a large chunk of data at the beginning to maintain smooth operation. Combining with hardware algorithm optimization, we accelerate the computing power and the loading of games at the gamer’s end to improve user experience. We also engage in practical data collection exercises with our proprietary algorithms through the game distribution platform; we then analyze such data for the benefit of our customers to improve conversion rates and achieve cost reduction. All of this can be acquired and scaled with our bespoke centralized processing algorithms. Our platform also provides payment services for gamers to access high-quality and diversified game content. From payment patterns, our centralized processing algorithms engage in machine learning to increase the accuracy and efficiency of our central processing algorithm service, which results in referrals and more customers while increasing our revenue. Our games distribution platform is essentially a self-sufficient ecosystem providing support to both our upstream customers to downstream gamers. Notably, our online application acceleration solutions made possible by our central processing algorithms can continuously monitor and optimize the data transmission path of the whole network. These solutions reduce latency and packet loss and provide high-quality real-time participation for millions of concurrent users, which is a solution for not only our customers engaged in the games industry but also those in social and online education industries. Our gaming platform powered by our proprietary central processing algorithm improves the marketing conversion rate of games by 20% through personalized recommendation, acceleration, and convenient distribution, it also significantly improves gamer experience, reduces the cost to our customers and improves the retention rate and payment rate of gamers. From an industry demand perspective, game developers, their corporate customers, and marketing agents have been demanding more effective online game licensing solutions in recent years. We have mature technology and customer resources in the field of entertainment and game central processing algorithms. With the development of the market, we will continue to grow on the basis of existing customers and strive for a larger market share. Application of our central processing algorithm service in intelligent chip optimization solutions business Our intelligent chip industry customers depend on us to provide them with solutions for data processing and optimizing hardware. Our centralized processing algorithm solution manifests in the form of reducing our customer’s energy efficiency ratio through more efficient data services under optimization of algorithm software as well as through equipping instruction chip CPU with intelligent chips such as GPU, FPGA, and ASIC that have incredible computing power. Different CPU and intelligent chip combinations are fitted in accordance with the diverse requirements of data processing and various data type of other industries. We also provide CPUs coupled with integrated smart application solutions. By delivering our products directly to customers, we act as the bridge between upstream and downstream businesses in the CPU industry chain. 11 Currently, the chips applied in the AI field are primarily designed for specific applications and are unable to adapt to the needs of multiple scenarios flexibly. In order to achieve progress in the field of artificial intelligence, an intelligent chip must adapt to the requirements of various algorithms in different scenarios, provide powerful computing power support, and meet the application of terminal scenarios with high energy consumption ratios. We apply central processing algorithm to intelligent chip optimization. Our central processing algorithm service has mature technology in chip performance improvement and software application, providing chip products based on solution services and technology development services for customers. Usually, we provide customers with online technical services and support, and we also provide customers with on-site technical solution implementation and technical support. Intelligent chips must be able to change the function dynamically in real-time to meet the changing needs of the software. Software defines hardware, hardware feedback software. Through the central processing algorithm to explore the specific architecture of machine learning, architecture feedback to the central processing algorithm to optimize, to achieve two-way optimization. If a chip is to be deemed practical, it must have robust scalability so that it can be used in more scenarios. The central processing algorithm can make more efficient use of the chip architecture, guide the design of the chip architecture, and transform the computing power into intelligence. We use the central processing algorithm, the instruction chip CPU is equipped with GPU, FPGA, ASIC, and other intelligent chips with more outstanding computing power. In order to improve the overall energy efficiency ratio of data service, according to the different data of different industries and their various data processing methods, we use the CPU to carry different combinations of intelligent chips to realize more efficient data service under the optimization of algorithm software. By using our powerful central processing algorithm technology, we can provide chip optimization solutions for customers’ personalized needs. We provide our customers with the application scheme of the combination of CPU and central processing algorithm. Through more effective use of central processing algorithms, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and other technologies for chip resources and data scheduling, we can meet the diversified needs of customers. We use the central processing algorithm service to realize the computing acceleration, data lightweight, and efficiency in the cloud computing application field. Leveraging our central processing algorithm services, we have achieved accelerated computing in cloud computing applications, data lightweight efficiency enhancement, and traffic monetization. Our strength in intelligent chip optimization solutions business in satisfying the development requirements of mobile and data business has accelerated the transformation of the computing architecture of cloud service providers from a single to a diversified one. Under the multiplier effect generated by the combination of 5G and central processing algorithm service technologies, we will facilitate the effective collaboration of and build an ecosystem for the “terminal-edge-cloud” application scenarios of our customers. Benefiting from the development of IoT, cloud computing technology, and the increasing government investment, China’s artificial intelligence market size is in the process of speedy expansion, the development of the artificial intelligence market will drive the growth of the central processing algorithm intelligent chip optimization solution industry. In the future, IoT will provide more data collection terminals, which dramatically enhances the data volume. Big data provides information sources for AI, cloud computing offers a physical carrier for AI, and 5G reduces the delay of data transmission and processing. 5G, IoT, cloud computing all put forward higher data processing, analysis, and other needs and requirements. The central processing algorithm intelligent chip solutions combined with hardware performance optimization, software algorithm optimization, and other vital technologies will make breakthrough progress in the future under the background of the increasingly mature emerging technologies such as 5G, IoT, cloud computing, and big data. 12 Our Ecosystem and our Participants We have effectively established an ecosystem centered around internet advertisement, games, and intelligent chip optimization. We connect with market participants representing every stage in these core industry verticals. They include advertisers, internet advertising integration agencies, internet traffic wholesalers, online platforms, online game developers and distributors, cloud service providers, electronics manufacturers, internet information infrastructure service providers, and internet users, as illustrated in the diagram below: Our revenue from digital marketing is derived based on the effectiveness of our ad placement. Our one-stop-shop service solutions enable internet advertising integration agencies to complete cost-effective advertising placements, which allows them to acquire, transform and retain advertisers efficiently. As cost outlays, we purchase advertisement placement opportunities from internet traffic wholesalers. We also pay corresponding fees to internet traffic wholesalers based on the CPM charging model. 13 To ensure a continuous stream of revenue, we are constantly updating the inventory of advertisements ready for placement to internet traffic wholesalers with whom our partners. They include short video platforms, video platforms for drama series and films, as well as news and information platforms. We are constantly updating internet traffic wholesalers’ advertisement inventories in real-time for maximum effectiveness. The central processing algorithm services we provide are able to meet these real-time requirements. Therefore, we believe that our services are critical to helping our customers to achieve high conversion rates. Our revenue from the gaming industry is mainly derived from sales commissions. We collaborated with numerous online game developers and game distributors in operating online games, which are made available on our online game platform. We provide online game developers and game distributors with value-added services through customized central processing algorithm processing services, including lightweight data processing, computing power, and algorithm optimizations as well as game acceleration. We also use cloud services to ensure that our central processing algorithm services are maintained in a safe and reliable environment. Our revenue from the intelligent chip industry is derived from service fees and sales revenue. Electronics manufacturers and internet information infrastructure service providers rely on our intelligent chip optimization solutions; We provide them with hardware and software integrated intelligent chip optimization solution services that combine chip hardware and smart application software. Sales and Marketing For the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2022, we had 248 and 173 customers who engaged us to provide central processing algorithm services and intelligent chips and services business, respectively. We focus our efforts to deepen our relationships with existing customers, develop relationships with new and potential customers, and on exploring untapped business opportunities. Our company has mature business development capabilities and oftentimes rely on customer referrals. As such, we do not require intensive investments in sales modeling. This results in direct cost savings in terms of project travel, public relations, and business entertainment. In addition, while optimizing the service of central processing algorithm, we are also adjusting our sales strategy with the change of market environment, taking advantage of good service, seeking potential clients in the industry so as to increase our revenue and market share rapidly. We have built deep relationships with our major customers from whom we generate a significant amount of our revenue. 14 Research and Development As of December 31, 2022, our research and development team consisted of 77 full-time staff. The professional background of our team members include computer, software, computer graphic processing, data algorithm, and neural networks. Our research and development team has extensive experience, averaging 5 – 8 years of working experience, and is responsible for the design and development of solutions for our central processing algorithms services such as digital graphic lightweight, algorithm, data intelligence, and image synthesis. We are committed to continuously strengthening and updating our information technology infrastructure and other technologies according to our annual development plan and based on our assessment of market demand. The process of our self-development research and development is as follows: (1) research and development personnel raises new ideas for research and development based on the market situation and customers’ needs to complete the investigation report and decision analysis; (2) project approval and formulate product research and development plan; (3) development of product technology; (4) product testing and review; (5) launching of new product; (6) promotion and application of the new product. Intellectual Property Intellectual property rights are critical to our success and competitiveness. We rely on a combination of trademarks, patents, domain names, copyrights, and employee confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. As of December 31, 2022, we owned: ● Trademarks: 27 registered trademarks in the PRC; ● Patents: 83 patents in the PRC; ● Layout design of integrated circuit: 20 items in the PRC; ● Domain names: 18 domain names in the PRC; ● Copyrights: 4 works of copyrights in the PRC; ● Software copyrights: 396 works of software copyrights in the PRC; All of which are material to our business. Competition There are other companies addressing various aspects/verticals of the central processing algorithm service market in the PRC. The central processing algorithm service market is highly fragmented and evolving. With respect to our central processing algorithm services, we compete against other companies engaged in similar services like us. We believe the principal competitive factors in our market are: ● service and products feature  and functionality; ● capability for customization, configurability, integration, security, scalability, and reliability; ● quality of technologies and research and development capabilities; ● ability to innovate and rapidly respond to customer needs; ● the breadth of use cases supported; ● diversified customer base; 15 ● relationships with key participants in our customers’ industry verticals; ● sufficient capital support; ● platform extensibility and ability to integrate with emerging technologies such as AI and cloud computing; and ● brand awareness and reputation. We believe we compete favorably on the basis of the above factors; however, we expect competition to intensify in the future. Our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on the quality of our applications, the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, the quality of our customer service, and our ability to acquire or develop complementary technologies, products, and businesses to enhance the features and functionality of our applications. Employees We had 125 full-time employees, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. As of the date of this report, all of our employees are based in China. The following table sets forth the number of our employees as of December 31, 2022: Function full-time employees Research and Development 77 Business and Marketing 26 Administrative, Human Resources and Finance 22 Total 125 Under PRC law, we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by municipal and provincial governments for our PRC-based full-time employees, including pension, unemployment insurance, childbirth insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance, and housing fund. We are required under PRC law to make contributions monthly to employee benefit plans for our PRC-based full-time employees at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses, and certain allowances of such employees, up to a maximum amount determined by the local governments in China. We enter into labor contracts and standard confidentiality and non-compete agreements with our key employees. We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any labor disputes. None of our employees are represented by labor unions. Facilities Our headquarters are located in Shenzhen, China, and our maintain office in Unit 507, Building C, Taoyuan Street, Long Jing High and New Technology Jingu Pioneer Park, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, 518052. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current requirements and that additional space can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms to meet our future needs. Insurance We do not maintain insurance policies covering damages to our Information Technology systems. Neither do we carry business interruption insurance or general third-party liability insurance or have product liability insurance or key-man insurance. We consider our insurance coverage to be in line with that of other companies in the same industry of similar size in China. Legal Proceedings We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations, and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to, nor are we aware of, any legal proceedings, investigations, or claims which, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 16

