TICKER: MVIS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains, and enhanced pickup and
delivery systems requires cutting-edge innovation in the sensor systems guiding AMRs and traditional AGVs. Smart farming and automated
mining operations improve safety, efficiency, productivity, and sustainability by leveraging our lidar sensors and software solutions. Moreover,
we tailor our solutions to meet the needs of industrial and automotive OEMs, integrating our lidar and edge computing to support high-level
capabilities, save development cost and time for OEMs with no training required for our sensor-fused output, reduce system cost by requiring
fewer and cheaper sensors and reduced processing, and enable seamless integration with an OEM’s existing architecture. Our unique
solution for the AGV/AMR and the L2+/L3 markets, we believe, has the potential to achieve our goal of enabling mission-critical safety
systems while solving for OEMs’ cost and integration objectives. With
this customer-centric approach, our go-to-market strategy depends on building partnerships with OEMs, Tier-1 automotive suppliers, and
industrial operators, and also with silicon companies to support our solution on their compute platforms. Our strategy includes working
to establish direct marketing and co-development relationships and we may also derive revenue in the form of licensing revenue. Beyond
industrial and automotive, our strategy includes targeting our hardware-only and integrated solutions and core technologies for security
& defense applications. Drawing on MicroVision’s history as a supplier of innovative technology to the military, such as its
high-definition wearable display technologies, we believe our solutions and technologies provide compelling use cases in the expanding
defense tech sector. In
2025, we established our Aerial Systems team, with deep experience in aeronautical engineering, avionics, unmanned aerial systems, or
UAS, development, and related software, to accelerate development of our lidar-based perception systems for drones, unmanned guided vehicles,
or UGVs, and mobile autonomous vehicles. Our solid-state lidar imaging and advanced software offers a drone-agnostic solution for a broad
range of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, or ISR, mapping, and other security & defense applications. Our
Technology and Competitive Strength We
believe a significant competitive strength for us today is the technological depth and breadth of our lidar sensors, as well as our related
software. The key differentiator for our offerings lies in our capability to provide an integrated and validated hardware and software
solution for automotive and industrial customers. Core to our lidar sensors, software, and custom ASICs is proprietary technology that
we have been developing, refining, productizing and protecting for nearly 30 years. 5 Our
flash-based, solid-state lidar technology, which comprises our MOVIA family of sensors, was developed according to highly rigorous automotive-grade
standards, delivering reliability in a small form factor suitable for a variety of applications in automotive, industrial, and other
rugged environments. The robust and versatile MOVIA L sensor has no moving parts and sustains a 50G shock load, while it outputs a high-resolution,
4D point cloud. The smaller MOVIA S is intended to address short-range automotive applications, while also meeting unique needs in industrial
and security & defense applications. Integrated with our software, MOVIA sensors have low power consumption requirements and perform
well in adverse weather conditions. Our
newly acquired IRIS lidar and variants combine a 1550nm laser, transmitter, and receiver and provide long-range sensing that we expect
will meet OEM specifications for advanced safety and autonomy. This technology provides automotive-grade, efficient, and affordable solutions
that are scalable, reliable, and optimal for series production. These sensors are dynamically configurable dual-axis scan sensors that
detect objects up to 600 meters away over a horizontal field of view of 120° and a software configurable vertical field of view of
up to 30°. This provides high point densities in excess of 200 points per square degree that enables long-range detection, tracking,
and classification over the whole field of view. IRIS and its variants have been refined to meet the size, weight, cost, power,
and reliability requirements of automotive qualified series production sensors. The
IRIS next-generation sensor, called HALO, is being designed for mass adoption in the automotive market. Building off the same 1550nm
laser architecture of IRIS, the HALO sensor will incorporate next-generation chip technologies expected to enable a 4x improvement in
performance, a 3x reduction in size, a 2x improvement in thermal efficiency, and more than a 2x improvement in cost. HALO is being designed
to provide backwards system compatibility to existing customers of IRIS, with a reduced form factor and greater energy efficiency. Our
micro-electromechanical systems, or MEMS-based high-speed lidar sensor, which we call MAVIN, use our pioneering laser beam scanning (LBS)
technology. Our patented LBS technology combines a MEMS scanning mirror, laser diode light sources, electronics, and optics that are
controlled using our proprietary system control algorithms along with edge computing and machine learning in some systems. The MEMS scanning
mirror is a key component of our technology system and is one of our core competencies. Our MEMS scanning mirror is a silicon device
that oscillates in a precisely controlled closed loop pattern so that we can place a pixel of light at a precise point. This allows us
to generate a projected image pixel-by-pixel for use in lidar sensing and display. Scanning modules with our technology can be designed
to operate in one of three different modes: lidar sensing only, display and lidar sensing combined, and display only. Our proprietary
scan locking feature ensures that our sensors are immune from interference from sunlight and from other lidar sensors. Although developed
for automotive applications, MAVIN is suitable for industrial and security & defense applications that require long-range solutions. Early
applications of our proprietary MEMS and laser-scanning technologies included heads up displays for the U.S. military and automotive
systems. The contemplated uses of our technology require incorporation of our components into the products of other companies or partners.
More recently, our technology can be found in a Microsoft heads up display product. In the past, we have worked with other global brands
to incorporate our core technology into their consumer products. MicroVision’s
perception software efficiently enables small object detection, lane detection, road boundaries, and dynamic object tracking and classification.
Object recognition is at the core of our perception solution, classifying objects and road users as well as small obstacles and overhanging
loads, which is achieved using sophisticated algorithms to interpret complex visual information from one or multiple sensors. Our perception
solution delivers highly accurate environment representation, thus enabling industrial and automotive customers to achieve reliable and
efficient autonomous and mobility applications. The
integration of our perception software into our lidar sensors reduces power consumption and space needs by utilizing a highly efficient
system-on-chip, or SoC, and optimizing our perception software for processing sensor measurements directly on the sensors. As external
ECU hardware is expensive, our integrated solution lowers costs and the system architecture is simplified as the sensor-specific perception
processing occurs seamlessly within the sensor. 6 Our
Products and Revenue Strategy Our
product suite includes our diverse and multi-featured lidar sensor hardware, as well as integrated software. Our highly diverse array
of lidar sensors includes short-, mid-, and long-range sensors, time-of-flight and FMCW, varying wavelengths including 905nm, 940nm,
and 1550nm, and flash-based and MEMS-based. Our high-performance, solid-state sensors address mission-critical safety and security applications
in automotive, industrial, and security & defense sectors Our sensor hardware solutions are well augmented by our software. We also
provide engineering services in connection with these hardware and software products, as well as development of custom application software. Our
perception solutions are targeted for sale to a wide variety of markets, including automotive, industrial, and security & defense.
Our software was developed in collaboration with an automotive OEM customer and successfully passed through that OEM’s development
qualification processes. Our IRIS, HALO, and MOVIA sensors are also based on technology developed according to automotive-grade standards.
The immediate availability of our MOVIA and IRIS sensors support a revenue strategy that includes royalty revenues from automotive production,
as well as sales in multiple markets including industrial, smart infrastructure, robotics, and commercial vehicles. Our HALO, FMCW, and
MAVIN lidar systems are targeted for sale to automotive OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers, though also suitable for industrial and
security & defense applications that require a robust solution with long-range detection. Our
solutions in the automotive industry target ADAS and AD needs of automotive OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers with revenue derived
from high-volume supply agreements, as well as non-recurring development revenue. In
the industrial sector, we are focused on opportunities involving AGVs and AMRs, cobots, and mobile autonomous vehicles, or MAVs, where
our key differentiating features include various combinations of low power consumption, an integrated solution, embedded localization
software, and small object detection. Revenue would be derived from volume supply and licensing arrangements with automated warehouse
operators, materials handling OEMs, and robotics manufacturers, among others in the industrial sector. Research
and Development We
believe our research and development efforts have earned us a leadership position in the field of lidar sensors and applications as applied
to automotive, industrial, security & defense markets. Our ability to attract customers and grow revenue will depend on our ability
to maintain our technology leadership, to continually improve performance, reduce costs, and ensure functional safety and flexible design.
Our research and development teams as of December 31, 2025 were located in the U.S. and Germany
and were comprised of approximately 135 engineering and technical staff in optics, software engineering, electrical engineering, product
engineering, aeronautical engineering, avionics, and photonics. Sales
and Marketing Our
sales and marketing approach is account based, business-to-business targeting of automotive OEMs, industrial automation equipment, and
security & defense contractors, automated warehouse operators, agriculture and mining companies, automotive Tier 1 suppliers, defense
tech companies, and potential customers in several other industrial markets. Our business development efforts are headed by executive
management and business development representatives and are supported by engineers that assist customers during the design cycles of
products. We have business development offices for our automotive, industrial, and security & defense solutions located in the United
States, Europe, and Asia. We engage potential customers directly, participate in trade shows, and maintain a website. In 2025, we established a Defense Advisory Board, whose members have extensive networks and deep expertise in the
security and defense sector, to support our pursuit of commercial opportunities and strategic partnerships in that market. 7 Manufacturing We
continue to invest in our manufacturing capabilities, evaluating long-term Tier 1 relationships and establishing new relationships with
contract manufacturers. When we have produced products or components, our products were manufactured by a contract manufacturer based
on our proprietary design, process, test, quality, and reliability standards and incorporated our core technologies, including MEMS and
ASICs that were produced to order by semiconductor foundries. To date, our manufacturing has not been subject to seasonal variations
as our shipments have been relatively small and in the early stages of product introduction. In the future, depending on our customers’
product mix, we may be affected by seasonal fluctuations which could affect working capital demands. Many of the raw materials used in
our components are standard, although our MEMS, MEMS die, and ASICs have historically been manufactured to our specifications by separate
single-source suppliers. Competitive
Conditions Many
companies have developed and are attempting to develop lidar sensors and autonomy and mobility solutions; the competitive landscape is
highly crowded and rapidly evolving. We compete with pureplay lidar developers, most of which have raised and exhausted significant capital
in their development and production efforts. Some of these companies have announced partnerships with OEMs, Tier 1 suppliers, and contract
manufacturers that, even if nonexclusive, may appear more credible than we do in the marketplace. We also face competition from industrial
and automotive OEMs and automotive Tier 1 suppliers that have internally developed lidar sensors. All of these OEMs and Tier 1s are significantly
larger, more well-resourced, have long operating histories and enjoy relevant brand recognition. Many lidar developers are also building
ADAS solutions with which our solutions compete. Our competitors may succeed in developing innovative technologies and products that
could render our technology or products commercially infeasible or technologically obsolete. The
autonomy, mobility, and lidar sensing industries have been characterized by rapid and significant technological advances. Our perception
solutions, technology systems, and sensor products may not be competitive with such advances, and we may not have sufficient funds to
invest in new technologies, products or processes. Although we believe our technology and solutions could deliver higher performance
and have other advantages, manufacturers of competing technologies may develop improvements that could reduce or eliminate the anticipated
advantages of our solutions. Intellectual
Property and Proprietary Rights We
create intellectual property from three sources: internal research and development activities, technology acquisitions, and performance
on development contracts. The inventions covered by our patent applications generally relate to systems controls in our LBS technology,
component miniaturization, power reduction, feature enhancements, specific implementation of various system components, and design elements
to facilitate mass production. Protecting these key-enabling technologies and components is a fundamental aspect of our strategy to penetrate
diverse markets with unique products. As such, we intend to continue to develop our portfolio of proprietary and patented technologies
at the system, component, and process levels. Our
extensive patent portfolio is large and broad, and we currently have over 700 issued patents and pending patents worldwide. As our technology
develops, we not only apply for new patents, but we also periodically review our patent portfolio and eliminate patents that are deemed
of low value. Moreover, the number of patents in our portfolio will vary at any given time as patents may expire or be abandoned to better
utilize resources expended to maintain and generate new intellectual property. Our
ability to compete effectively in the markets we may enter may depend, in part, on our ability and the ability of our licensors to maintain
the proprietary nature of the relevant technologies. We
also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. To protect our rights in these areas, we require all employees, and where appropriate,
contractors, consultants, advisors and collaborators, to enter into confidentiality and non-compete agreements. There can be no assurance,
however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in
the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. 8 We
have registered names and phrases, including “MAVIN™,” “MOVIA™,” “MOSAIK™, “SAFE
MOBILITY AT THE SPEED OF LIFE,” and “MicroVision®,” with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in various
foreign countries. Our
Employees, People Operations, and Workplace Safety At
the end of fiscal year 2025, throughout our global offices, we had approximately 190 predominantly full-time employees. We do not hire
seasonal workers and none of our employees are represented by a labor union or works council. Our
principal objectives with respect to our workforce are to attract, retain, motivate, and reward our employees to achieve positive results
for our customers and for MicroVision. To achieve these objectives, our employee benefit programs seek to (i) support skill building
and prepare our employees for advancement through continuous learning, (ii) reward our employees through compensation awards and resources
intended to motivate our employees and promote well-being, and (iii) continuously identify opportunities for development through regular
employee input and engagement. We offer competitive compensation and benefits. We
also strive for excellence and inclusivity among our employees, management, and board of directors, and seek to promote job opportunities
to a wide pool of qualified candidates who can bring multiple perspectives and a variety of backgrounds and experiences into our workplace.
We are also committed to providing an inclusive work environment free of discrimination or harassment of any kind, supported by our leadership
team and through our policies, communications, and reporting and resolution resources. Protecting
the safety, health, and well-being of our employees is also a key priority and we have implemented policies and practices to support
this. In particular, given the work that we do, we engage third party independent experts in the field of laser safety to assist in meeting
safety specifications. In addition, we monitor developments in the area of permissible laser exposure limits as established by International
Electrotechnical Commission, or IEC, and others. Independent experts have concluded that laser exposure to the eye resulting from use
of LBS devices under normal operating conditions would be below the calculated maximum permissible exposure level set by the IEC. ITEM
1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and suppliers require significant attention from our
management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on
our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use
of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill and
other acquired-asset impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets, and exposure to potential unknown
liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be
significant. 16 Before
our acquisition of assets from Ibeo, we had no experience with acquisitions or the integration of acquired technology and personnel.
Failure to successfully identify, complete, manage, and integrate acquisitions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations and could cause our stock price to decline. Our
suppliers’ or

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners’ facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster or labor strike, either
of which would materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. A
major catastrophe, such as an earthquake, monsoon, or flood; infectious disease outbreak, such as the COVID-19 virus; or other natural
disasters, labor strikes, or work stoppages at our suppliers’ or manufacturers partners’ facilities or our customers, could
result in a prolonged interruption of our business. A disruption resulting from any one of these events could cause significant delays
in product shipments and the loss of sales and customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows. If
we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technologies, we may be unable to
compete with other companies. Intellectual
property protection for our products, processes and technologies is important and uncertain. If we do not obtain effective intellectual
property protection for our products, processes and technologies, we may be subject to increased competition. Our commercial success
will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our key technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents
and effectively maintaining unpatented technologies as trade secrets. We
protect our proprietary technologies by seeking to obtain United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third party patents,
related to proprietary technologies, inventions, and improvements that may be important to the development of our business. However,
our patent position involves complex legal and factual questions. The standards that the United States Patent and Trademark Office and
its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change. Additionally,
the scope of patents is subject to interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to challenges and defenses, including challenges
and defenses based on the existence of prior art. Consequently, we cannot be certain as to the extent to which we will be able to obtain
patents for our new products and technologies or the extent to which the patents that we already own protect our products and technologies.
Reduction in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or owned patents, or our inability to obtain new patents, may enable
other companies to develop products that compete directly with ours on the basis of the same or similar technologies. We
also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technologies to maintain our competitive position. We try to
protect this know-how and our technologies by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our employees, contractors and partners,
with a need-to-know such information and by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to it, such as our
employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or confidential
information, or our competitors might learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret not protected by a patent were
to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be negatively affected. 17 We
could be subject to significant product liability claims that could be time consuming and costly, divert management attention and adversely
affect our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. We
could be subject to product liability claims if any of the product applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects.
For example, because some of the scanning modules incorporating our LBS technology could scan a low power beam of colored light into
the user’s eye, the testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products involve an inherent risk that product liability
claims will be asserted against us. Additionally,
any misuse of our technologies or products incorporating our technologies by end users or third parties that obtain access to our technologies
could result in negative publicity and could harm our brand and reputation. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products
or our technologies, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation, divert management
time and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder acceptance of our products. Any successful product
liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable
terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability
claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products and technologies. Our
operations could be adversely impacted by information technology system failures, network disruptions, or cybersecurity incidents. We
rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic data between our employees, customers, manufacturing
partners and suppliers. Our systems and the third parties we rely on for related services are vulnerable to actual or attempted cybersecurity
incidents, such as attacks by hackers, acts of vandalism, malware, social engineering, denial or degradation of service attacks, computer
viruses, software bugs or vulnerabilities, supply chain attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, misplaced or lost data, human
errors, malicious insiders or other similar events. Such systems are also susceptible to other disruptions due to events beyond our control,
including, but are not limited to, natural disasters, power loss, and telecommunications failures. Our system redundancy may be inadequate
and our disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or insufficient to account for all eventualities. As
security incidents have become more prevalent across industries we will need to continually examine, modify and update our systems. These
updates or improvements may require implementation costs. In addition, we may not be able to monitor and react to all developments in
a timely manner. The measures we do adopt may prove ineffective. Any
failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with current and future regulatory or customer-driven privacy, data protection, and information
security requirements, or to prevent or mitigate cyber incidents, could harm our business and expose us to potential litigation, liability,
remediation costs, investigation costs, loss of revenue, damage to our reputation and loss of customers. While we maintain insurance
coverage to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all claims that
may arise, should such an event occur. We,
and certain of our third-party vendors, collect and store personal information in connection with human resources operations and other
aspects of our business. While we obtain assurances that any third parties we provide data to will protect this information and, where
we believe appropriate, monitor the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by
us or by third parties may be compromised and expose us to liability for such breach. Loss
of any of our key personnel or inability to attract new personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. Our
success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on our ability to attract and retain qualified new personnel.
Achievement of our business objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the areas of sales and marketing,
engineering, project management, operations, and manufacturing. Competition for qualified personnel in these fields is intense, and
the inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of key personnel, could hinder our ability to
compete effectively in the automotive or technology markets and adversely affect our business strategy execution and results of
operations. We
are exposed to risks related to the use of AI tools by us and others. Although
we are evaluating and, where we believe appropriate, incorporating the use of AI tools into our operations, such as the use of generative
AI tools to assist in the development of code, our use of such tools may subject us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory and
other risks, and there can be no assurance that our use of AI tools will enhance our business operations or result in a benefit to us.
Our competitors may be more successful in their use of AI tools, including by developing superior products or improving their operations
with the assistance of AI. Additionally, there could be adverse impacts from inaccurate or flawed algorithms. Our use of AI tools could
also result in the loss of confidential information or intellectual property or an inability to claim or enforce intellectual property
rights, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy, cybersecurity,
and the unauthorized use of our data. 18 Risks
Related to Development for our Target Markets We
invest significant time and resources seeking OEM selection of our products and solutions. If our products and solutions are not selected
for inclusion in ADAS systems by automotive OEMs or automotive Tier 1 suppliers after incurring substantial expenditures in these efforts,
our future business prospects, results of operations, and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. Automotive
OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers design and develop ADAS technology over several years, undertaking extensive testing and qualification processes
prior to selecting a product such as our lidar sensors and software for use in a particular system, product or vehicle model because
such products will function as part of a larger system or platform and must meet certain other specifications. We have invested and will
continue to invest significant time and resources to have our products considered and possibly selected by OEMs or Tier 1 suppliers for
use in a particular system, product or vehicle model, which is known as a “series production win” or a “series production
award.” In the case of ADAS technology, a series production award would mean that our lidar sensor and/or ADAS solution had been
selected for use in a particular vehicle model. However, if we are unable to achieve a series production award with respect to a particular
vehicle model, we may not have an opportunity to supply our products to the automotive OEM for that vehicle model for a period of many
years. In many cases, this period can be as long as five to seven or more years. If our products are not selected by an automotive OEM
or our suppliers for one vehicle model or if our products are not successful in that vehicle model, it is unlikely that our product will
be deployed in other vehicle models of that OEM. If we fail to win a significant number of vehicle models from one or more automotive
OEMs or their suppliers, our future business prospects, results of operations, and financial conditions will be materially and adversely
affected. The
complexity of our products and the limited visibility into the various environmental and other conditions under which potential customers
may use the products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses from undetected defects, errors or reliability issues in hardware
or software which could reduce the market adoption of our products, damage our reputation with prospective customers, expose us to product
liability and other claims, and adversely affect our operating costs. Our
products are highly technical and complex and require high standards to manufacture and may experience defects, errors or reliability
issues at various stages of development and production. We may be unable to timely manufacture or release products, or correct problems
that have arisen or correct such problems to the customer’s satisfaction. Additionally, undetected errors, defects or security
vulnerabilities could result in serious injury to the end users or bystanders of technology incorporating our products, inability of
customers to commercialize technology incorporating our products, litigation against us, negative publicity and other consequences. These
risks are particularly prevalent in the highly competitive ADAS market. These problems may also result in claims, including class actions,
against us that could be costly to defend. Our reputation or brand may be damaged as a result of these problems and potential customers
may be reluctant to buy our products, which could adversely affect our financial results. Adverse
conditions in particular industrial sectors, the automotive industry, or the global economy more generally could have adverse effects
on our results of operations. While
we make our strategic planning decisions based on the assumption that the markets we are targeting will grow, our business is dependent,
in large part on, and directly affected by, business cycles and other factors affecting industrial autonomy, the global automobile industry,
and the global economy generally. Automotive production and sales are highly cyclical and depend on general economic conditions and other
factors, including consumer spending and preferences, changes in interest rates and credit availability, consumer confidence, fuel costs,
fuel availability, environmental impact, governmental incentives and regulatory requirements, and political volatility, especially in
energy-producing countries and growth markets. In addition, automotive production and sales can be affected by our automotive OEM customers’
ability to continue operating in response to challenging economic conditions and in response to labor relations issues, regulatory requirements,
trade agreements and other factors. The volume of automotive production in North America, Europe and the rest of the world has fluctuated,
sometimes significantly, from year to year, and we expect such fluctuations to give rise to fluctuations in the demand for our products.
Any significant adverse change in any of these factors may result in a reduction in automotive sales and production by our automotive
OEM customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 19 Developments
in alternative technology may adversely affect the demand for our lidar technology. Significant
developments in alternative technologies, such as cameras and radar, may materially and adversely affect our business prospects in ways
we do not currently anticipate. Existing and other camera and radar technologies may emerge as OEMs’ preferred alternative to our
solution, which would result in the loss of competitiveness of our lidar solution. Our R&D efforts may not be sufficient to adapt
to these changes in technology and our solution may not compete effectively with these alternative systems. ADAS
features may be delayed in adoption by OEMs, which would negatively impact our long-term business prospects. The
ADAS market is fast evolving and there is generally a lack of an established regulatory framework. Vehicle regulators globally continue
to consider new and enhanced emissions requirements, including electrification, to meet environmental and economic needs as well as pursue
new safety standards to address emerging traffic risks. For instance, in May 2024, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration,
or NHTSA, published a new rule requiring automatic emergency braking systems in U.S. light vehicles and trucks by September 2029, and
in December 2024, NHTSA proposed a voluntary program to improve evaluation and oversight of certain vehicles equipped with automated
driving systems. To control new vehicle prices, among other concerns, OEMs may need to dedicate technology and cost additions to new
vehicle designs to meet these emissions and safety requirements and postpone the consumer cost pressures of new ADAS features. As additional
safety requirements are imposed on vehicle manufacturers, our business prospects may be materially impacted. Alternatively, if safety
regulations in the U.S. were to become less stringent due to oversight reduction efforts, OEMs could be less inclined to pay for higher
cost redundant safety systems and technologies, which could negatively impact the uptake of our sensor solutions. Because
the lidar and ADAS markets are rapidly evolving, it is difficult to forecast customer adoption rates, demand, and selling prices for
our products and solutions. We
are pursuing opportunities in rapidly evolving markets, including technological and regulatory changes, and it is difficult to predict
the timing and size of the opportunities. For example, lidar-based ADAS solutions require complex technology and because these automotive
systems depend on technology from many companies, commercialization of ADAS products could be delayed or impaired on account of certain
technological components of ours or others not being ready to be deployed in vehicles. In addition, the selling prices we are able to
ultimately charge in the future for the products we are currently developing may be less than what we currently project. We expect
to be subject to substantial pressure from automotive OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers to reduce the price of our products. It is possible that
pricing pressures beyond our expectations could intensify as automotive OEMs pursue restructuring, consolidation, and cost-cutting initiatives.
If we are unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price reductions, our gross margin and profitability
would be adversely affected. Our future financial
performance will depend on our ability to make timely investments in the correct market opportunities. If one or more of these markets
experience a shift in prospective customer demand, our products may not compete as effectively, if at all, and they may not be designed
into commercialized products. Given the evolving nature of the markets in which we operate, it is difficult to predict customer demand
or adoption rates for our products, selling prices or the future growth of our target markets. If demand does not develop or if we cannot
accurately forecast it, the size of our markets, inventory requirements or future financial results will be adversely affected. Because
perception solutions involving lidar are new in the markets we are seeking to enter, opportunities in those market and related forecasts
may not materialize as anticipated. In addition to automotive markets, we are investing in and pursuing market
opportunities in industrial and security & defense markets. We believe that our future revenue growth, if any, will depend in part
on our ability to expand within new markets such as these and to enter new markets as they emerge. Each of these markets presents distinct
risks and, in many cases, requires us to address the particular requirements of that market. Addressing the unique requirements of adjacent markets can be time-consuming
and costly. The market for lidar technology and perception solutions outside of automotive applications is relatively new, rapidly developing,
and unproven in many markets or industries. Many of our customers and potential customers outside of the automotive industry remain in
the testing and development phases, and we cannot be certain that they will commercialize products or systems with our products or at
all. Additionally, we cannot be certain that lidar-based solutions will be sold into these markets at prices or scale needed to achieve
profitability. Our
market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that
may not materialize as anticipated. These estimates and forecasts relating to the expected size and growth of the markets for lidar-based
technology may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience the forecasted growth we anticipate, we may not grow our business
at similar rates, or at all. Our future growth is subject to many factors, including market adoption of our products, which is subject
to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that these forecasts will not be materially inaccurate. 20 ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY Risk
Management and Strategy Our
Cybersecurity Processes We
continue to strengthen our cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information systems based on industry standards. Our measures include
policies to promote internal compliance by our employees, policies and procedures to regularly evaluate the security of our information
systems and implementation of third-party products, including intrusion prevention and detection solutions, multifactor identification
and anti-virus software, to help detect and protect against potential cybersecurity threats. We educate our staff on cybersecurity matters
with periodic risk awareness information, phishing awareness campaigns, and training materials. Moreover, given the rapid growth of our
global operations due to recent acquisitions, and our expectations for near- and long-term strategic growth, our Information
Technology, or IT, team is prioritizing enhancements to our response system and continuity plans. A
key dimension to the security and effectiveness of our information system is our compliance with standards that are unique to the
industries in which we operate. For instance, it is critical that our information system achieves TISAX compliance. Established by
the German Association of the Automotive Industry, Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange, or TISAX, is a globally
recognized assessment and exchange mechanism for information security in the automotive industry. Automotive OEMs rely on the TISAX
label to ensure that suppliers and partners have a solid information security management system in place. Our German subsidiary
completed the TISAX assessment and became registered as a TISAX participant in April 2025. To successfully complete the TISAX
assessment process in our U.S. operations, we
are actively evaluating our cybersecurity measures and seeking enhancements, including engaging a third-party auditor and global
standardization of our cybersecurity training program, to ensure a comprehensive and robust system. We
evaluate our third-party information system providers, as well as any other provider that may have access to our data, for their maturity
and reliability, and as a matter of policy we choose to only work with reputable vendors. Risks
from Cybersecurity Threats We
have not encountered cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including
our operations or financial condition. A cybersecurity incident could be deemed to have a material impact on our operations if it caused
a disruption to our ability to function as a global organization, including the interruption of our internal and external communications,
public reporting, or management of our operations. Refer to “

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials used in
our components are standard, although our MEMS, MEMS die, and ASICs have historically been manufactured to our specifications by separate
single-source suppliers. Competitive
Conditions Many
companies have developed and are attempting to develop lidar sensors and autonomy and mobility solutions; the competitive landscape is
highly crowded and rapidly evolving. We compete with pureplay lidar developers, most of which have raised and exhausted significant capital
in their development and production efforts. Some of these companies have announced partnerships with OEMs, Tier 1 suppliers, and contract
manufacturers that, even if nonexclusive, may appear more credible than we do in the marketplace. We also face competition from industrial
and automotive OEMs and automotive Tier 1 suppliers that have internally developed lidar sensors. All of these OEMs and Tier 1s are significantly
larger, more well-resourced, have long operating histories and enjoy relevant brand recognition. Many lidar developers are also building
ADAS solutions with which our solutions compete. Our competitors may succeed in developing innovative technologies and products that
could render our technology or products commercially infeasible or technologically obsolete. The
autonomy, mobility, and lidar sensing industries have been characterized by rapid and significant technological advances. Our perception
solutions, technology systems, and sensor products may not be competitive with such advances, and we may not have sufficient funds to
invest in new technologies, products or processes. Although we believe our technology and solutions could deliver higher performance
and have other advantages, manufacturers of competing technologies may develop improvements that could reduce or eliminate the anticipated
advantages of our solutions. Intellectual
Property and Proprietary Rights We
create intellectual property from three sources: internal research and development activities, technology acquisitions, and performance
on development contracts. The inventions covered by our patent applications generally relate to systems controls in our LBS technology,
component miniaturization, power reduction, feature enhancements, specific implementation of various system components, and design elements
to facilitate mass production. Protecting these key-enabling technologies and components is a fundamental aspect of our strategy to penetrate
diverse markets with unique products. As such, we intend to continue to develop our portfolio of proprietary and patented technologies
at the system, component, and process levels. Our
extensive patent portfolio is large and broad, and we currently have over 700 issued patents and pending patents worldwide. As our technology
develops, we not only apply for new patents, but we also periodically review our patent portfolio and eliminate patents that are deemed
of low value. Moreover, the number of patents in our portfolio will vary at any given time as patents may expire or be abandoned to better
utilize resources expended to maintain and generate new intellectual property. Our
ability to compete effectively in the markets we may enter may depend, in part, on our ability and the ability of our licensors to maintain
the proprietary nature of the relevant technologies. We
also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. To protect our rights in these areas, we require all employees, and where appropriate,
contractors, consultants, advisors and collaborators, to enter into confidentiality and non-compete agreements. There can be no assurance,
however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in
the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. 8 We
have registered names and phrases, including “MAVIN™,” “MOVIA™,” “MOSAIK™, “SAFE
MOBILITY AT THE SPEED OF LIFE,” and “MicroVision®,” with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in various
foreign countries. Our
Employees, People Operations, and Workplace Safety At
the end of fiscal year 2025, throughout our global offices, we had approximately 190 predominantly full-time employees. We do not hire
seasonal workers and none of our employees are represented by a labor union or works council. Our
principal objectives with respect to our workforce are to attract, retain, motivate, and reward our employees to achieve positive results
for our customers and for MicroVision. To achieve these objectives, our employee benefit programs seek to (i) support skill building
and prepare our employees for advancement through continuous learning, (ii) reward our employees through compensation awards and resources
intended to motivate our employees and promote well-being, and (iii) continuously identify opportunities for development through regular
employee input and engagement. We offer competitive compensation and benefits. We
also strive for excellence and inclusivity among our employees, management, and board of directors, and seek to promote job opportunities
to a wide pool of qualified candidates who can bring multiple perspectives and a variety of backgrounds and experiences into our workplace.
We are also committed to providing an inclusive work environment free of discrimination or harassment of any kind, supported by our leadership
team and through our policies, communications, and reporting and resolution resources. Protecting
the safety, health, and well-being of our employees is also a key priority and we have implemented policies and practices to support
this. In particular, given the work that we do, we engage third party independent experts in the field of laser safety to assist in meeting
safety specifications. In addition, we monitor developments in the area of permissible laser exposure limits as established by International
Electrotechnical Commission, or IEC, and others. Independent experts have concluded that laser exposure to the eye resulting from use
of LBS devices under normal operating conditions would be below the calculated maximum permissible exposure level set by the IEC. ITEM
1A.

