TICKER: NAKA
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply chain regulation and changes could impact our ability to provide consistent products and
services to our clients. Further,
changes in research findings, particularly those that reflect negatively on cannabis, could impact consumer demand for our products and
services. 48 Medical
malpractice lawsuits and other medical liability claims can be costly and damaging to our practice and reputation. The
risk of malpractice suits or medical liability claims is significant in the medical profession and industry in which we operate. A rise
in malpractice suits or medical liability claims, or changes in laws related to malpractice or medical liability, can increase our insurance
costs and potentially lead to significant financial payouts. Further, any malpractice or medical liability claims that are not fully
covered by insurance could be costly to defend against, result in substantial damage awards against us and divert the attention of our
management and clinicians from operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations.
In addition, any such claims may adversely affect our business or reputation. An
incident involving one or more of our patients or the failure by one or more of our clinicians to provide appropriate care could result
in increased regulatory burdens, government investigations, litigation, negative publicity and adversely affect our operations and relationships
with patients and third-party payors. Many
of the patients we treat may suffer from severe mental health and chemical dependency disorders. If one or more of our clinics experiences
an adverse patient incident in the future or is found to have failed to provide appropriate patient care, an admissions hold, adverse
regulatory or other adverse action could be taken against us. Any such patient incident or adverse regulatory action could result in
governmental investigations, judgments or fines and have a materially negative impact on our operations and business. Moreover, we could
become the subject of negative publicity or media attention that could have a significant, adverse effect on the trading price of our
Common Stock or adversely impact our reputation and how our patients and payors view us. Risks
Related to Cybersecurity, Information Technology, and Intellectual Property Security Incidents or loss of private
keys could result in partial or total loss of our Bitcoin or loss, unavailability, destruction, alteration, prevention of access to,
disclosure, or dissemination of, or damage or unauthorized access to, our data (including trade secrets or other confidential information,
intellectual property, proprietary business information, and personal information) or data that is processed or maintained on our behalf,
or other assets, which could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us. Substantially all of our Bitcoin is held in custody
accounts at institutional-grade digital asset custodians. Bitcoin and blockchain-based cryptocurrencies have been, and may continue to
be, subject to Security Incidents and other malicious activities. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against
actual or reasonably suspected unauthorized access to, or use, acquisition, exfiltration, disclosure, alteration, loss, destruction, encryption,
or other compromise of personal data, confidential information, or the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information
technology systems, whether by external actors, insiders, or accidental events (collectively, “Security Incident(s)”), there
can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in all circumstances. A successful Security Incident could result in: partial
or total loss of our Bitcoin that may not be covered by insurance or custodial liability provisions; harm to our reputation and brand;
improper disclosure of our and our customers’ data and violations of applicable data privacy laws; and significant regulatory scrutiny,
investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal and financial exposure. Security Incidents, malicious internet-based activity,
online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our and our customers’
data and information technology systems, and those of the third parties with whom we work. Security Incidents are increasing in frequency,
persistence, and sophistication, conducted by criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored actors, and insiders using techniques such
as hacking, social engineering, phishing, ransomware, and advanced persistent threats. These incidents may target our systems, our third-party
service providers, or partners and can affect our ability to operate effectively and the integrity and continued availability of our information
systems, data, and services. We may experience Security Incidents due to human error, malfeasance, insider threats, or system vulnerabilities.
The risk of Security Incidents has been heightened by remote and hybrid working arrangements, as more of our employees utilize network
connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network, including while working at home, while in transit, or in public locations.
Any breach of our operations or those of others in the Bitcoin industry could materially and adversely affect our business. We and the third parties with whom we work are subject
to a variety of evolving Security Incident threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through deep fakes,
which may be increasingly more difficult to identify as fake, and phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware
(including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks,
supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware,
attacks enhanced or facilitated by artificial intelligence (“AI”), including through increased speed, scale, or sophistication,
telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fire, flood, power loss, system failures, computer viruses, software errors, physical or electronic
break-ins or malicious hacks or attacks on our systems (such as denial of service attacks), and other similar threats. Additionally, our
confidential and sensitive data of the Company and our clients may be leaked, disclosed, or revealed as a result of or in connection with
our employees’, personnel’s, or

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. ● BTC
                                            Inc’s editorial independence may be compromised, or perceived to be compromised, by
                                            our corporate Bitcoin holdings and other business interests, which could damage our credibility
                                            and audience trust. Risks
Related to Our Asset Management Operations ● Revenue
                                            from our investment advisory operations is substantially dependent on the market price of
                                            Bitcoin and the volume of assets under management (“AUM”) consisting of Bitcoin
                                            or investments in securities dependent on the price of Bitcoin, which are subject to extreme
                                            volatility. ● Our
                                            investment advisory subsidiary is subject to extensive regulation under federal and state
                                            securities laws, and failure to comply with these regulations could result in enforcement
                                            actions, fines, or loss of our ability to operate . 3 Risks
Related to Our Healthcare Operations ● The
                                            collectability of patient accounts receivables have harmed and could further deteriorate
                                            and further harm the results of our healthcare operations. ● Laws
                                            and regulations affecting the medical cannabis industry are constantly changing, which could
                                            detrimentally affect our operation. Risks
Related to Cybersecurity, Information Technology, and Intellectual Property ● Security
                                            incidents or loss of private keys could result in partial or total loss of
                                            our Bitcoin, materially adversely affecting our financial condition. ● We
                                            are subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”)
                                            and other federal, state, and foreign data privacy and security laws, and failure to comply
                                            could result in significant liability and reputational harm. ● Failures
                                            or interruptions of our IT infrastructure, or security incidents affecting our systems or those
                                            of third parties, could adversely impact our business. Risks
Related to Our Management Team ● Certain members of our
                                            senior management team have limited public company experience, and we are highly dependent
                                            on certain key executives whose loss could adversely affect our business. ● Social
                                            media activity by our directors and officers may pose reputational, regulatory, and Common
                                            Stock price risks. ● Equity
                                            compensation awards to executives and directors may dilute existing stockholders. Risks
Related to Future Acquisitions ● We
                                            may not realize the anticipated benefits or synergies from mergers, acquisitions, or other
                                            strategic transactions. ● We
                                            have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant transaction and integration costs in
                                            connection with acquisitions. ● Future
                                            transactions may cause fluctuations in the market price of our Common Stock. Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “Company,” “Nakamoto,” “Nakamoto Inc.,” “we,” “us,”
and “our,” except where the context requires otherwise, refer to Nakamoto Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and “our
Board” refers to the board of directors of Nakamoto Inc. 4 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange
Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements
regarding the financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for our future operations, are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by and information
currently available to us. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “forecasts,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seek,” “scheduled,”
“intend,” “plan,” and “expect” and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative
versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve
a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside of the Company’s
control, that could cause the actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to numerous risks, including,
but not limited to the following: ● Our
                                            ability to raise capital is necessary to sustain our anticipated operations and implement
                                            our business plan; ● Our
                                            ability to implement our business plan; ● Our
                                            ability to generate sufficient cash to survive; ● The
                                            degree and nature of our competition; ● The
                                            lack of diversification of our business plan; ● The
                                            general volatility of the capital markets and the establishment of a market for our shares; ● The
                                            potential impact of a prolonged government shutdown; ● Disruption
                                            in the economic and financial conditions primarily from the impact of past terrorist attacks
                                            in the United States, threats of future attacks, police, and military activities overseas
                                            and other disruptive worldwide political and economic events and environmental weather conditions; ● The
                                            price and volatility of Bitcoin; ● Our
                                            ability to implement our Bitcoin treasury strategy and its effects on our business, and; ● Other
                                            factors detailed in the section entitled “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components. Variable lease and non-lease components are expensed as incurred. The Company does not recognize
ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have an initial lease term of 12 months or less. Fair
Value of Financial Instruments The
fair value of a financial instrument is the amount the Company would receive to sell an asset, or pay to transfer a liability, in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. In the absence of such data, fair value is estimated using internal information consistent with what market participants would
use in a hypothetical transaction. According
to ASC Topic 820, “ Fair Value Measurement ,” the fair value hierarchy is based on three levels of inputs, of which
the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value. The Company’s assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurements requires judgment and may affect the valuation of the assets
and liabilities being measured and their placement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses appropriate valuation techniques
based on available inputs to measure the fair value of its assets and liabilities. The fair value hierarchy is defined in the following
three categories: Level
1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level
2: Observable market-based inputs or inputs that are corroborated by market data. Level
3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. The
carrying value of our notes payable approximate fair value given the instruments were issued at prevailing market interest rates. Digital
Assets The
Company accounts for its digital assets, which as of December 31, 2025, are currently comprised solely of Bitcoin, as indefinite-lived
intangible assets in accordance with ASC Topic 350-60, “Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Crypto Assets.” The Company has ownership of and control over its digital assets and may use third-party custodial services to secure it. The Company’s
digital assets are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently remeasured on the balance sheet at fair value. The
Company determines the fair value of its digital assets on a recurring basis in accordance with ASC 820, “Fair Value
Measurements,” based on quoted prices on Anchorage Digital, an active platform that the Company has determined is its principal
market for such digital assets (Level 1 inputs). The Company determines the cost basis of digital assets using the specific
identification of each unit received. Realized and unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of digital assets are
recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. The cost basis of Bitcoin sold or otherwise disposed of is determined using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”)
method, whereby the cost of the earliest acquired Bitcoin is used to calculate realized gains and losses upon disposal. Digital
Asset-Denominated Borrowings The
Company accounts for borrowings denominated in or repayable in nonfinancial digital assets as hybrid instruments in accordance with the
AICPA Digital Assets Practice Aid. Where the settlement currency of a debt instrument is a nonfinancial intangible digital asset, the
arrangement consists of a host debt contract carried at historical cost and an embedded derivative representing the Company’s exposure
to changes in the digital asset’s exchanged rate relative to the U.S. dollar. The embedded derivative is evaluated for bifurcation
under ASC 815-15-25-1 at inception. Where the embedded derivative has a fair value of zero at inception and the effect of subsequent
remeasurement is not material to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes changes in fair value of the embedded
derivative in changes in fair value of digital assets and presents the net carrying amount of the hybrid instrument as a single line
item on the consolidated balance sheet. F- 9 Acquisitions The
Company accounts for acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, “Business Combinations.” The Company evaluates each
transaction to determine whether the acquired set of assets and activities constitute a business. If the acquired set meets the definition
of a business, the transaction is accounted for as a business combination, and the Company recognizes the identifiable assets acquired,
the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest at their respective acquisition date fair values. Any excess of the purchase
consideration over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the acquired set does not meet
the definition of a business, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition, and the cost of the group of assets acquired
are allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on their value without giving rise to goodwill. Investments
in Equity Securities The
Company’s investments in equity securities consist of minority interests in unconsolidated affiliates. The Company evaluates each
investment to determine whether it has the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee’s operating and financial
policies, which determines the applicable accounting framework. Equity
Method Investments Investments
in entities over which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, are accounted for under the equity
method in accordance with ASC 323, “Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures.” Significant influence is generally
presumed to exist when the Company holds 20% or more of the voting interests of an investee, though the Company considers all relevant
facts and circumstances in making this determination. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and subsequently
adjusted for the Company’s proportionate share of the investee’s net income or loss and any distributions received. The Company
evaluates equity method investments for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that a decline in fair value below carrying
value may be other than temporary. Where the Company does not receive timely financial information from an investee, the Company may
record its proportionate share of the investee’s results on a one-quarter lag. Equity
Securities Without Significant Influence Investments
in equity securities over which the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for in accordance
with ASC 321, “Investments – Equity Securities.” Investments in publicly traded equity securities are measured at fair
value, with unrealized gains and losses recognized in earnings for each reporting period. Fair value is based on quoted market prices
of the investee’s common stock on the applicable exchange, re-measured into U.S. dollars using the period end spot foreign exchange
rate when denominated in a foreign currency. Investments in privately held equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair
values are accounted for under the measurement alternative in ASC 321-10-35-2. These investments are initially recorded at cost and are
subsequently adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar securities and for impairments
when events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Qualitative impairment assessments are performed quarterly
and consider factors such as investee financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, and regulatory developments. For
equity investments denominated in foreign currencies, changes in fair value reflect the combined effect of market price movements and
foreign-currency re-measurement adjustments. For publicly traded equity securities measured at fair value through net income, all changes
in fair value, including those resulting from foreign currency gains or losses, are recognized in earnings. See
Note 6 for further information. Intangible
Assets In
2025, the Company issued Common Stock and digital assets totalling approximately $ 3.0 million for the acquisition of an intangible asset.
An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events
or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment
exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative
assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely
than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, then the Company
is required to perform a quantitative test. The Company determined that no impairment exists for its indefinite-lived intangible asset
during the year ended December 31, 2025. Related
Parties The
Company identifies related parties and transactions with such parties in accordance with ASC 850, “Related Party Disclosures.” Related parties include affiliates, principal owners, directors, executive officers, and entities under common control. Transactions
with related parties are recorded at amounts that are considered to approximate arm’s length terms. The Company discloses all material
related party transactions and outstanding balances in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related footnotes. F- 10 Segments The
Company identifies reporting segments based on how the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) regularly reviews financial
information to allocate resources and assess performance. Our CODM, who is our Chief Operating Officer, reviews financial information
presented on a consolidated basis accompanied by disaggregated information about revenues and operating income by our two reportable
segments. Income
Taxes The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740, “ Income Taxes,” using the asset and liability method. Under this
approach, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the future tax effects of differences between the amounts reported in
the consolidated financial statements and the amounts used for tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets may arise from temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards, and tax credit carryforwards, while deferred tax liabilities
result from temporary differences that will increase taxable income in future periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the temporary differences reverse. The impact of changes in tax laws or rates is recognized
in income in the period the law is enacted. A
valuation allowance is recorded when it is “more likely than not” that some or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded a valuation allowance that fully offsets its net deferred tax assets. Treasury
Stock Treasury
stock repurchased and held by the Company is recorded as a separate line item on the balance sheets and is carried at cost until retired
or reissued. Stock-Based
Compensation Stock-based
awards granted to qualified employees, non-employee directors and consultants are measured at fair value and recognized as an expense
in accordance with ASC Topic 718, “ Share-Based Payments. ” For service-based awards, stock-based compensation is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is
estimated using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. Restricted stock awards are valued based on the closing stock price on the date
of grant. The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur. Embedded
Derivatives The
Company evaluates embedded features in accordance with ASC Topic 815, “ Derivatives and Hedging Activities. ” Certain
conversion options and redemption features are required to be bifurcated from their host instrument and accounted for as free-standing
derivative financial instruments should certain criteria be met. The Company applies significant judgment to identify and evaluate complex
terms and conditions of all of its financial instruments, including notes payable, to determine whether such instruments are derivatives
or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. Embedded derivatives must be separately measured from the host contract if
all the requirements for bifurcation are met. The assessment of the conditions surrounding the bifurcation of embedded derivatives depends
on the nature of the host contract and the features of the derivatives. Bifurcated embedded derivatives are recognized at fair value,
with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations each period. Loss
Per Share Basic
loss per share is calculated using the two-class method, which is an earnings calculation formula that treats participating securities
as having rights to earnings that otherwise would have been available to common stockholders. The Company’s participating securities
as of December 31, 2025 consist of tradeable and non-tradeable warrants that are convertible into 486,718 common shares. These warrants
contain nonforfeitable rights to participate in dividends with common stockholders. Under
the two-class method, net income (loss) is allocated between common stockholders and participating securities based on their respective
rights to share in earnings. During periods of net loss, no allocation is made to participating securities because they do not have a
contractual obligation to share in the losses of the Company. Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to
common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. F- 11 Diluted
loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the dilutive effect,
if any, of common stock equivalents. Common stock equivalents whose effect would be antidilutive are not included in diluted loss per
share. The Company uses both the two-class and treasury stock methods to determine diluted earnings per share, and the more dilutive
amount is reported. For periods in which the Company reports a net loss, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share since
all potential common shares are antidilutive. Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In
December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-08,
“ Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets ,”
which requires certain crypto assets to be measured at fair value in the statement of operations, with gains and losses from changes
in the fair value of such crypto assets recognized in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 also requires certain interim and
annual disclosures for crypto assets within the scope of the standard. ASU 2023-08 is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2024, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025. The Company did not
have any crypto assets as of the adoption of the new standard. As such, the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s
financial statements. In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “ Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ,” which
enhances the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures by requiring; (1) consistent categories and greater disaggregation
of information in the rate reconciliation and (2) income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. It also includes certain other amendments
to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024,
with early adoption permitted. These amendments are to be applied prospectively, with retrospective application permitted. The Company
adopted the new standard on December 31, 2025. Refer to Note 13 for the additional disclosure provided as a result of our adoption of
the ASU. Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In
November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “ Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation
Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses ,” which requires the disaggregated disclosure of
specific expense categories, including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and amortization included in each
relevant expense caption presented on the statement of operations. The standard also requires disclosure of qualitative description of
the amounts remaining in relevant expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively, as well as the total amount
of selling expenses and an entity’s definition of selling expenses. ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard
will have on its financial statements. The
Company currently believes there are no other issued and not yet effective accounting standards that are materially relevant to its financial
statements. NOTE
3— ASSET ACQUISITION Merger
with Nakamoto Holdings On
May 12, 2025, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, the Company’s newly formed, wholly-owned
subsidiary Kindly Holdco Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Merger Sub”), Nakamoto Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, and
Wade Rivers, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company. On
August 14, 2025 (the “Closing Date”), the Company effected a reverse triangular merger with Nakamoto Holdings, whereby Merger
Sub merged with and into Nakamoto Holdings, with Nakamoto Holdings surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Surviving
Corporation”), in accordance with the Merger Agreement (such transaction, the “Merger”). In connection with the Closing,
the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of Nakamoto Holdings, a privately held Bitcoin treasury company. Upon
consummation of the Merger on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, the holders of Nakamoto Holdings
Class A and Class B common stock (other than shares held in treasury or by dissenting stockholders) received an aggregate 22.3 million
shares of Common Stock. Shares of Merger Sub’s common stock were converted into shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.
No fractional shares were issued. F- 12 Concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into subscription agreements (collectively, the “Initial
Subscription Agreements”) with certain accredited investors (the “Initial Subscribers”) in an aggregate amount of
approximately $ 512 million, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue, and the Initial Subscribers agreed to purchase, 322,979,583 shares of Common
Stock at a purchase price of $ 1.12 per share and/or 133,800,773 pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the “Pre-Funded Warrants”), in a
private placement (the “Initial PIPE Financing”). Additionally, the Company entered into a Secured Convertible Debenture
Purchase Agreement (the “Debenture Purchase Agreement”) with YA II PN, Ltd., an investment fund managed by Yorkville
Advisors (the “Convert Investor”), under which the Company agreed to sell and issue to the Convert Investor a secured
convertible debenture (the “Convertible Debenture”) in aggregate principal amount of $ 200.0 million (the “Principal Amount”) in exchange for cash or Bitcoin equal to 96.0% of the Principal Amount (the “Debt
Financing”). Additionally,
on June 19, 2025, the Company subsequently entered into additional subscription agreements, (the “Additional Subscription
Agreements” and, together with the Initial Subscription Agreements, the “Subscription Agreements”), with certain
new and/or existing investors (the “Additional Subscribers” and, together with the Initial Subscribers, the
“Subscribers”) in an aggregate amount of approximately $ 28 million. Under these Additional Subscription Agreements, the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Additional Subscribers 5,682,586 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of $ 5.00 per share in a private placement on substantially similar terms as the Initial Subscription Agreements (the “Additional PIPE
Financing” and, together with the Initial PIPE Financing, the “PIPE Financings”). The Company received net proceeds after issuance costs of approximately $ 518 million from the PIPE Financings. The Company also issued 14,530,063 shares of Common Stock as compensation to certain advisors in connection with the PIPE Financings. Accounting
for the Merger Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, the stockholders of Nakamoto Holdings received 22,321,143 shares of Common Stock as consideration for the Merger.
Such shares of Common Stock were issued on August 14, 2025, based on the fair value of $ 1.12 per share, resulting in total consideration
of $ 24,999,679 . The stock price of $ 1.12 per share was determined based on the price of the Company’s Common Stock in the PIPE
Financings that closed on the same date, in which the Company issued 346,192,232 shares of Common Stock. The Company concluded that the
$ 1.12 per share price used in the PIPE Financings more accurately represented the fair value of the Common Stock on the acquisition date
than the closing market price of $ 15.02 per share reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market. In
accounting for the transaction, the Company concluded that (i) Nakamoto Holdings was a variable interest entity at the acquisition date
(“VIE”) under ASC 810, “Consolidation” , as its pre-Merger equity capitalization was (by design) not sufficient
to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, and (ii) Nakamoto was the primary beneficiary. As such,
Nakamoto recognized a $ 59,753,811 loss on the acquisition measured as the difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred
and the net amount of Nakamoto Holdings’ identifiable assets and liabilities measured in accordance with ASC 805, which was primarily
comprised of the put option liability. Loss
on Acquisition Calculation As
discussed above, the Company recognized a loss of $ 59,753,811 on the acquisition of Nakamoto Holdings in accordance with ASC 810-10-30,
calculated as the difference between the sum of the fair value of the consideration paid and the net amount of the VIE’s identifiable
assets and liabilities recognized and measured in accordance with ASC 805. The
recognized loss on the acquisition as of August 14, 2025 was calculated as follows: SCHEDULE
OF PRELIMINARY PRICE ALLOCATION August 14, 2025 Fair value of equity consideration $ 24,999,679 Less: Assets acquired ( 188,569 ) Add: Liabilities assumed (excluding the put option liability) 7,628,701 Add: Put Option liability 27,314,000 Loss on acquisition of Nakamoto Holdings $ 59,753,811 Call
Option Asset – BTC Marketing and Sales Agreement In
connection with the Merger, the Company assumed a Marketing and Sales Agreement from Nakamoto Holdings (the “BTC Media Agreement”)
with BTC Media LLC (“BTC Media”). The BTC Media Agreement provides for certain marketing and promotional rights and includes
put and call options (collectively, the “Options”) that permit either the Company to acquire, or BTC Media to sell, an equity
interest in BTC Media. The call/put option had an exercise period of 36 months beginning with the date of the merger. If
exercised, the Options would be settled through the issuance of shares of Common Stock, with the number of shares determined based on
BTC Inc’s enterprise valuation (calculated as BTC Media’s EBITDA multiplied by an agreed upon multiple) divided by the PIPE
Financing price of $ 1.12 (“the call consideration”). F- 13 The
Company analyzed the put and call options in the BTC Media Agreement under the relevant accounting guidance, including ASC 480, “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity” and ASC 815, “Derivatives and Hedging”. Based
on that analysis, the Company concluded that the put and call options should be considered a non-derivative asset or liability in accordance
with ASC 815-40 and should therefore be re-measured to fair value at the end of each reporting period. As of the date the transaction,
the Company concluded that the call/put option was a liability with a fair value of $ 27,314,000 . Further, upon re-measurement of the
call/put option as of December 31, 2025, the Company determined that the fair value of the call/put option resulted in a $ 199,060,000 call option asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The $ 226,374,000 change in fair value was recognized as a gain in the consolidated
statement of operations under Non-operating income (expense) during the year ended December 31, 2025 and was primarily the result of
the decrease in fair value the Company’s Common Stock as of December 31, 2025 as compared to the fair value as of August 14, 2025. As
discussed in Note 14, the Company considers BTC Inc to be a related party as it has significant influence over that entity. To that extent,
the Company determined that the call option should not be considered in-substance Common Stock (resulting in recognition using the equity
method investment) as the call option does not have risks and rewards that are substantially similar to an investment in that entity’s
common stock. NOTE
4— PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS Prepaid
assets and other current assets consisted of the following at December 31, 2025 and 2024: SCHEDULE
OF PREPAID EXPENSE AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 2025 2024 December 31, 2025 2024 Prepaid assets $ 2,171,164 $ 190,878 Insurance Accounts receivable, net 2,815 36,850 Inventories, net - 4,300 Total prepaid assets and other current assets $ 2,173,979 $ 232,028 NOTE
5— DIGITAL ASSETS The
Company holds Bitcoin on its balance sheet as part of its Bitcoin operating strategy. The cost basis of Bitcoin sold or otherwise disposed
of is determined using the FIFO method, whereby the cost of the earliest acquired Bitcoin is used to calculate
realized gains and losses upon disposal. Digital
assets consisted of the following at December 31, 2025: SCHEDULE
OF DIGITAL ASSETS December 31, 2025 Digital assets held: Units Cost Basis Fair Value Bitcoin 5,342 $ 631,392,027 $ 467,549,622 As
of December 31, 2025, 3,717 of the Company’s 5,342 Bitcoin were pledged as collateral in connection with an outstanding loan with
a third-party lender (see Note 9). The pledged Bitcoin cannot be rehypothecated, loaned, or sold by the lender under the terms of the
collateral arrangement. The remaining Bitcoin are held with a third-party custodian and are considered under the Company’s control. The
fair value of the pledged Bitcoin subject to this contractual sale restriction was approximately $ 325,300,000 as of December 31, 2025.
The restriction remains in effect through the maturity of the loan on December 4, 2026. The restriction would lapse upon full repayment
of the outstanding loan balance. The
following table presents a reconciliation of the Company’s Bitcoin activity for the year ended December 31, 2025: SCHEDULE
OF RECONCILIATION OF BITCOIN ACTIVITY Beginning balance, January 1, 2025 $ - Additions 681,247,326 Dispositions ( 47,603,797 ) Net loss on changes in fair value of digital assets ( 166,093,907 ) Ending balance, December 31, 2025 $ 467,549,622 During
the year ended December 31, 2025, additions to the Company’s Bitcoin digital assets consisted primarily of open market
purchases of Bitcoin using proceeds from the PIPE Financings (see Note 3). Dispositions during the period consisted primarily of
sales of Bitcoin for cash to fund strategic investments totalling approximately $ 45,700,000 and transfers of Bitcoin as noncash consideration for the purchase of other assets totalling approximately $ 1,900,000 .
The Company recognized a realized loss in 2025 on the dispositions of Bitcoin of approximately $ 2,200,000 . F- 14 NOTE
6— INVESTMENTS Treasury
B.V. On
September 4, 2025, Nakamoto Holdings, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, made an investment in Treasury B.V., a private limited
liability company under the laws of the Netherlands (the “Minority Investment”). In connection with the Minority Investment,
Nakamoto Holdings entered into a Private Deed of Issuance by and among Treasury, Stichting Administratiekantoor Treasury, a foundation
under the laws of the Netherlands (“Stichting”), and Nakamoto, pursuant to which Treasury agreed to issue to Stichting 1,363,027 (the “Issuance”) ordinary shares of Treasury, par value € 0.01 (the “Treasury Shares”), in exchange for € 12,835,870.08 (approximately $ 15.0 million). In connection with the Minority Investment, Stichting issued 1,363,027 depositary receipts, representing
each of the Treasury Shares, to Nakamoto Holdings in exchange for a subscription price of approximately € 9.42 (approximately $ 10.98 )
per depositary receipt, for an aggregate of € 12,835,870.08 (approximately $ 15.0 million) to be paid directly to Treasury by Nakamoto
Holdings in USD Coin (USDC). The
Company owns approximately 31.9 % of the outstanding equity interest in Stichting and approximately 27.6 % of Treasury on a look-through
basis. The Company concluded that it has significant influence over Treasury and accounts for its investment under the equity method
in accordance with ASC 323. The Company records its proportionate share of Treasury’s net income or loss on a one-quarter lag. As
of December 31, 2025, the carrying amount of the investment is $ 14,982,929 . For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded
an unrealized loss on investment of $ 17,071 in Loss on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. Metaplanet
Inc. On
September 9, 2025, Nakamoto Holdings, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, made a commitment to purchase up to $ 30 million of shares of common stock of Metaplanet Inc. (the “Metaplanet Stock”), a corporation organized under the laws of
Japan, (TSE: 3350) (OTC: MTPLF) (“Metaplanet”), in connection with Metaplanet’s previously announced international
equity financing (the “International Offering”). Nakamoto
Holdings paid a purchase price of $ 3.751 per share for a total of 8,000,000 shares of Metaplanet Stock. The International Offering closed
on September 17, 2025. No separate share purchase agreement or subscription document was required to be signed by the Company in connection
with its commitment. Although
both David Bailey, Nakamoto’s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, and Tyler Evans, Nakamoto’s Chief Investment
Officer, hold certain advisory and board positions with Metaplanet, management concluded that Nakamoto Holdings does not exercise significant
influence over Metaplanet’s operating or financial policies. As such, the investment in Metaplanet is recognized at fair value
in accordance with ASC 321. As
the Metaplanet Stock is publicly traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the investment has a readily determinable fair value.
Therefore, the investment is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. To that extent, the
investment was initially recorded at its cost basis of $ 30,007,992 as of the investment date. As of December 31, 2025, the carrying amount of the investment is $ 20,714,391 .
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded an unrealized loss on investment of $ 9,293,601 ,
inclusive of a loss on foreign currency re-measurement of $ 1,709,104 ,
in Loss on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned 8,000,000 shares of Metaplanet Stock. In Q1 2026, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of its Metaplanet stock for approximately $ 11.1 million. Future
AG On
October 29, 2025, Nakamoto Holdings entered into a convertible loan agreement (the “Convertible Loan”) with Future Holdings
AG, a Swiss stock corporation, (“Future”), pursuant to which Nakamoto advanced 55.65 Bitcoin (approximately $ 5.7 million)
to Future. The Convertible Loan bore zero interest and had a 12-month maturity date with mandatory conversion into registered shares
of Future upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The
Convertible Loan represented an unsecured, unsubordinated obligation of Future ranking pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated
of obligations. Nakamoto did not have significant influence over Future operating or financial policies. F- 15 On
December 24, 2025, the Convertible Loan was unwound and Nakamoto received $ 5,042,424 in full settlement. The Company recognized a loss
on investment of $ 605,073 in Loss on investments in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025. As
of December 31, 2025, the Company has no remaining investment in Future. NOTE
7— DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUES The
Company’s revenues are disaggregated based on revenue type, including (i) patient care services related to medical evaluation and
treatment, (ii) product retail sales, and (iii) service affiliate agreements. The
Company’s net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are disaggregated as follows: SCHEDULE
OF DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUES 2025 2024 For the Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Patient care services $ 1,811,940 $ 2,616,018 Product retail sales 1,479 71,712 Service affiliate agreements 7,896 32,110 Total revenues $ 1,821,315 $ 2,719,840 NOTE
8— LEASES Operating
Leases The
Company leases medical clinic and corporate office facilities under operating lease arrangements with remaining lease terms ranging from
approximately one to seven years. Certain leases include renewal options that may be exercised at the Company’s discretion. The
Company’s leases do not include material residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. The
following was included in the balance sheets at December 31, 2025 and 2024: SCHEDULE
OF OPERATING LEASE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 2025 2024 December 31, 2025 2024 Operating lease right-of-use assets $ 482,553 $ 641,651 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 130,050 138,743 Operating lease liabilities, long-term 365,966 496,017 Total operating lease liabilities $ 496,016 $ 634,760 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 4.9 5.8 Weighted average discount rate 7.8 % 9.0 % The
components of net lease expense consisted of the following for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: SCHEDULE
OF LEASE EXPENSE 2025 2024 December 31, 2025 2024 Operating lease expense $ 205,252 $ 139,390 Variable lease expense ( 88 ) 8,365 Total lease expense 205,164 147,755 Sublease (income) - - Total net lease expense $ 205,164 $ 147,755 F- 16 Operating
lease right-of-use assets is included within “Other non-current assets” on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Cash payments included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities were $ 166,320 and $ 149,029 for the years ended December 31,
2025 and 2024, respectively. The decrease in respective periods was primarily due to the closing of redundant office locations. Estimated
future minimum payments of operating leases for the next five years consists of the following at December 31, 2025: SCHEDULE OF MATURITIES OF OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES Year Ending December 31, Amount 2026 $ 164,150 2027 86,366 2028 87,444 2029 83,886 2030 86,404 Thereafter 88,996 Total 597,247 Less: imputed interest ( 101,231 ) Total operating lease liabilities $ 496,016 Finance
Leases On
April 22, 2024, the Company entered into an equipment financing lease to purchase medical equipment for $ 10,976 , which matures in July
2029. The Company paid off the equipment financing lease in 2025. The
following was included in the balance sheets at December 31, 2025 and 2024: SCHEDULE
OF FINANCE LEASES 2025 2024 December 31, 2025 2024 Leased medical equipment (property and equipment) $ 10,976 $ 10,976 Less: accumulated depreciation ( 3,842 ) ( 1,646 ) Total leased medical equipment, net $ 7,134 $ 9,330 Finance lease liabilities, current portion - 2,030 Finance lease liabilities, long-term - 7,615 Total finance lease liabilities $ - $ 9,645 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 0 - 4.6 Weighted average discount rate - % 2.0 % NOTE
9— DEBT Promissory
Note On
May 12, 2025, the Company entered into a non-interest bearing promissory note in favor of BTC Inc with a principal amount up to $ 1,750,000 (the “BTC Note”). Pursuant to the terms of the BTC Note, BTC Inc could make advances to the Company in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed $ 1,750,000 , with individual advances capped at $ 350,000 in any calendar month. The BTC Note matured on the Closing
Date. The Company did not draw any proceeds against the BTC Note and the BTC Note was terminated on August 14, 2025. Convertible
Debenture On
May 12, 2025, and in conjunction with the Merger with Nakamoto Holdings, see Note 3, the Company entered into the Debenture Purchase
Agreement with the Convert Investor, under which, the Company agreed to sell and issue to the Convert Investor the Convertible Debenture
in the aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million in exchange for cash or Bitcoin equal to 96.0 % of the Principal Amount (the “Debt
Financing”). The aggregate financing costs included, resulted in a debt discount of $ 8,150,000 . F- 17 The
Convertible Debenture had an interest rate of 0.0 % per annum for the first two years, and 6.0 % per annum for the third year and was payable
on the third-year anniversary of the issuance date or earlier redemption. The interest rate would increase to a rate of 18.0 % per annum
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default. The Convertible Debenture was secured by Bitcoin having a value
of not less than $ 400 million within 10 business days following the Merger. The Bitcoin serving as collateral for the obligations under
the Convertible Debenture was at all times to be held by a special purpose “digital asset subsidiary” that fully guaranteed
the obligations of the Company under the Convertible Debenture. The
Convert Investor could convert all or any portion of the principal amount of the Convertible Debenture, together with any accrued and
unpaid interest, at an initial conversion rate of $ 2.80 , which was subject to a one-time down round only reset. The Convert Investor
was not permitted to convert the Convertible Debenture to the extent that the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Convertible Debenture would exceed 19.99 % of the Company’s outstanding shares immediately prior to executing the Debenture Purchase
Agreement without prior stockholder approval. The
Company had the right to redeem the Convertible Debenture if (i) the volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock is less than the
Fixed Price (as defined in the Convertible Debenture) and it provides the Convert Investor at least ten (10) trading days’ notice,
or (ii) the volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock is equal to or greater than $4.50 and it provides the Convert Investor
at least thirty (30) trading days’ notice, and in each case, at a redemption price equal to 101.5% of the principal amount redeemed
plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon if redeemed within the first twelve (12) months, 103.0% if redeemed between twelve (12) and
twenty-four (24) months, and 105.0% if redeemed between twenty-four (24) and third-six (36) months (the “Payment Premium”). Following such notice and prior to the respective redemption, the Convert Investor would have the right to elect to convert all or any
portion of the outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest, plus the Payment Premium. The
Company evaluated the Convertible Debenture for potential embedded derivatives under ASC 815, “Derivatives and Hedging” .
The Company concluded that the only potential embedded features were (i) the conversion option and (ii) the Company’s optional
redemption provisions. After concluding that the embedded features satisfied the separation criteria in ASC 815-15-25, the Company then
assessed the embedded options to determine whether they satisfied the scope exception outlined in ASC 815-40. To that extent, the Company
concluded that the embedded features were both indexed to their stock and could be classified in stockholders’ equity. As such,
the embedded options were not bifurcated and accounted for separately. In
addition, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Convert Fee Shares”) to the Convert Investor as payment
for the Convert Investor’s fees for entering into that certain Debenture Purchase Agreement. The Convert Fee Shares were issued
with a fair value of $ 1.12 per share, resulting in a debt discount on a relative fair value basis of $ 3,304,485 . The Company recorded
$ 188,545,515 of Convertible Debenture upon issuance, net of debt discount. The
Company executed its option of redemption, effective on September 29, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the Convertible Debenture was fully
repaid and there was no outstanding principal or accrued interest related to the Convertible Debenture. Naka
SPV2 Credit Facility On
September 30, 2025, the Company, through its subsidiary Naka SPV2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Naka”), entered
into a Credit Facility agreement with Two Prime Lending Limited, a limited company existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands,
(the “Naka Credit Facility”), for an aggregate principal amount of $ 203,017,500 . The Naka Credit Facility has an interest
rate of 8.5 % per annum and matures on September 30, 2026 . The Company used proceeds of the Naka Credit Facility to satisfy its obligations
in full under its outstanding Convertible Debenture. Management
deemed, under the guidance of ASC 470-50, “Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments” , that the satisfaction of the Convertible
Debenture with the funds from the Naka Credit Facility qualified for debt extinguishment accounting. As a result, the Company recorded
debt restructuring costs of $ 13,469,182 in Non-operating income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2025. The outstanding amount under the Naka Credit Facility was reduced to $ 0 with proceeds from a loan entered into on
October 6, 2025 (see Loan Agreement below). The Naka Credit Facility is an uncommitted guidance line of credit and will remain open and
available to Naka for future borrowings through September 30, 2026. As
of the date of this filing, the Naka Credit Facility remains open and has no principal drawn against it. F- 18 Antalpha
Loan Agreement On
October 6, 2025, Naka entered into a Master Loan Agreement with Antalpha Digital Pte. Ltd. a private company organized under the laws
of Singapore (“Holder”) (such Master Loan Agreement being referred to as, the “Loan Agreement”). The Holder extending
a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 206,000,000 USDT (the “Loan”), bearing interest of 7.0 % per annum. The
Loan had an initial maturity date of November 6, 2025, subject to an optional maturity date extension of an additional 30 days at the
election of Naka. Naka elected to extend the maturity date to December 6, 2025. The obligations under the Loan Agreement were secured
solely by Bitcoin or other digital assets agreed to by Naka and Holder, and were subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants,
loan-to-value requirements, representations and warranties, and events of default. The collateral for the Loan was held by Holder. Naka
used the proceeds of the Loan to satisfy its existing obligations in full under that certain Naka Credit Facility, between the Company
and Holder and for expenses incurred in connection with the Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, the Loan was fully repaid and there
was no outstanding principal or accrued interest related to the Loan. Kraken
Loan Agreement On
December 3, 2025, the Company, through its subsidiary Nakamoto Holdings, entered into a Master Loan Agreement with Payward Interactive,
Inc., a Florida corporation, doing business as Kraken (“Kraken”) (the “Kraken Loan Agreement”), pursuant to which
Nakamoto Holdings may, from time to time, borrow fiat or digital currencies on the terms set forth therein and in the related loan term
sheets entered into thereunder. The Kraken Loan Agreement contains customary conditions, initial collateral requirements, collateral
maintenance and liquidation mechanics, and early return and recall rights. The obligations under the Kraken Loan Agreement are prepayable
at the option of Nakamoto Holdings, provided that, prepayments made prior to the six-month anniversary of the initial funding date shall
be subject to a make-whole payment for such six-month period. On
December 4, 2025, Nakamoto Holdings and Kraken executed an initial term sheet (the “Initial Term Sheet”) under the Kraken
Loan Agreement or a fixed-term loan of 93,000,000 USDT bearing a fee of 8.00 % per annum, maturing on December 4, 2026 (the “Initial
Loan”). On December 9, 2025, Nakamoto and Kraken executed a second term sheet (the “Second Term Sheet”) for a fixed-term
loan of 210,000,000 USDT, which amount includes the Initial Loan balance (the “Kraken Loan”), bearing a fee of 8.00 % per
annum, maturing on December 4, 2026 . The Second Term Sheet amends and supersedes the Initial Term Sheet in its entirety and confirms
that the Initial Loan was deemed repaid and subsequently transferred to Nakamoto Holdings pursuant to the Second Term Sheet. The Kraken
Loan is secured solely by 3,717 Bitcoin (the “Kraken Collateral”) as of December 31, 2025. On February 5, 2026, the Company
pledged an additional 688 Bitcoin to Kraken to meet ongoing collateral maintenance requirements. Nakamoto
Holdings used the proceeds of the Kraken Loan to satisfy its existing obligations in full under that certain Loan with Antalpha Digital
Pte. Ltd., dated as of October 6, 2025. Management deemed, under the guidance of ASC 470-50, “Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments” ,
that the satisfaction of the Loan with the funds from the Kraken Loan, qualified for debt extinguishment accounting. As a result, the
Company recorded debt restructuring costs of $ 1,253,449 in Non-operating income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2025. The
Company classifies USDT as a nonfinancial intangible digital asset in accordance with ASC 350-60. Due to the Kraken Loan being denominated
and repayable in USDT, it contains an embedded derivative representing the Company’s exposure to changes in the USDT/USD exchange
rate. The Company evaluated the embedded derivative under ASC 815-15-25-1 and determined that all three bifurcation criteria are met
for the USDT settlement feature. However, because USDT traded at $ 1.00 on both funding dates, the fair value of the embedded derivative
was $ 0 at inception. The Company assessed the materiality of the embedded derivative at inception and at December 31, 2025, and concluded
that its effect is not material to the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the embedded derivative is not presented as a
separate line item on the balance sheet; the carrying value of the Kraken Loan is presented on a net basis reflecting the cumulative
remeasurement of the embedded derivative. The
Kraken Loan was initially recognized at $ 210,000,000 , representing the USD-equivalent of 210,000,000 USDT received at the prevailing
exchange rate of $ 1.00 on the funding date. The host debt contract is carried at historical cost. The embedded derivative is remeasured
at fair value at each reporting date under ASC 815, with changes in fair value recognized in Other income, net on the consolidated statement
of operations. At December 31, 2025, the USDT/USD exchange rate was $ 0.99827 , resulting in an unrealized gain of $ 363,300 . The net carrying
value, inclusive of unamortized debt issuance costs of $ 79,086 , of the Kraken Loan on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31,
2025, was $ 209,557,614 . Prepayments
made prior to June 4, 2026, are subject to a make-whole payment equal to the interest that would have accrued from the prepayment date
through June 4, 2026. No prepayment penalty applies after June 4, 2026. F- 19 Other
Loans Payable On
December 25, 2023, the Company entered into a loan agreement with a third-party in the amount of $ 79,975 for total cash proceeds of $ 70,000 .
The loan matured on June 25, 2025 . The Company recorded a debt discount of $ 9,975 , which was amortized under the effective interest method
at an effective interest rate of 25.6 %. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding principal balance of the loan payable was paid in full. On
December 26, 2023, the Company entered into a loan agreement with a third-party in the amount of $ 285,573 for total cash proceeds of
$ 249,300 . The loan matured on June 26, 2025 . The Company recorded a debt discount of $ 36,273 , which was amortized under the effective
interest method at an effective interest rate of 15.0 %. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding principal balance of the loan payable
paid in full. NOTE
10— STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred
Stock As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company was authorized to issue 10,000,000 preferred shares. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the
Company had no preferred shares issued and outstanding. Common
Stock On
May 20, 2025, the board of directors of the Company and a majority of the stockholders of the Company approved the Second Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Amended Articles”), which became effective upon filing with the Utah Division of
Corporations on August 11, 2025. The Amended Articles increase the authorized shares of Common Stock to 10,000,000,000 , from 100,000,000 ,
among other changes. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company was authorized to issue 10,000,000,000 and 100,000,000 common shares, respectively. As of
December 31, 2025, the Company had 439,950,632 and 437,946,327 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. As of December
31, 2024, the Company had 6,050,148 and 6,029,648 common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. At December 31, 2025, the Company
had 71,704,975 pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock remaining unexercised (see Note 3) and for a description of the
terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants see the Warrants section below. The shares underlying the unexercised Pre-Funded Warrants are included
in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share due to their nominal exercise price and unconditional right to receive shares
upon exercise. During
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with various transactions, including
its merger with Nakamoto Holdings (see Note 3), PIPE Financings (see Note 3), the acquisition of intangible assets, the initial public
offering (see below), and stock-based compensation agreements (see Note 11). See the Warrants and At-the-Market Offerings sections below
for additional detail on shares issued in connection with warrant exercises and the ATM program. Initial
Public Offering On
May 31, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with WallachBeth Capital, LLC, as representative (the “Representative”)
of the underwriters in connection with the initial public offering for sale of an aggregate of 1,240,910 units at a price to the public
of $ 5.50 per share. Each unit offered under the underwriting agreement consisted of one share of common stock, one tradeable warrant
to purchase one share of common stock with an exercise price of $ 6.33 and a 5 five-year exercise term; and one non-tradeable warrant to
purchase one-half of one share of common stock with an exercise price of $ 6.33 and a 5 five-year exercise term. The
underwriting agreement also provided for the issuance of 83,639 warrants to the Representative with an exercise price of $ 6.33 and a 5 five-year exercise term. In
addition, the underwriters partially exercised its over-allotment option, resulting in the issuance of 76,538 tradeable warrants and 76,538 non-tradeable warrants. F- 20 On
June 3, 2024, the IPO was completed, resulting in the issuance of 1,240,910 units. As a result of the IPO, the Company received gross
proceeds of approximately $ 6.8 million before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. After deducting these and other
offering expenses, the Company received net proceeds of approximately $ 5.9 million. On
June 3, 2024, in accordance with the terms of the 10% OID promissory note agreements, the Company issued each note holder common stock
equal to the principal amount of the notes at the IPO price of $ 5.50 per share, totalling 80,808 shares of restricted common stock, with
a fair value of $ 214,949 or $ 2.66 per share. These shares are subject to a 90-day lock-up agreement from the date of issuance. The
common stock and tradeable warrants are trading on the Nasdaq Global Market, under the symbols “NAKA” and “NAKAW,”
respectively. At-The-Market
Offering On
August 26, 2025, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with TD Securities (USA) LLC; Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co.; B. Riley Securities, Inc.; The Benchmark Company, LLC; Canaccord Genuity LLC; Cohen & Company Capital Markets
(a division of Cohen & Company Securities, LLC); Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC; Needham & Company, LLC; and Yorkville Securities,
LLC (each, an “Agent” and collectively, the “Agents”). Pursuant
to the Sales Agreement, the Company may, at its option and from time to time, offer and sell shares of its Common Stock, through the
Agents having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $ 5,000,000,000 . For
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company sold 1,362,340 shares of Common Stock at an average price of $ 4.15 per share, for aggregate
cash proceeds of $ 5,659,975 , net of issuance costs. Treasury
Stock As
of December 31, 2025, the Company held 2,004,305 shares in treasury at a total cost of $ 749,003 and as of December 31, 2024, held 20,500 shares in treasury at a total cost of $ 22,145 . Warrants The
Company has issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock in connection with its initial public offering (see above) and PIPE financing
(see Note 3). All warrants are classified as equity. As
of December 31, 2025, the Company has 72,293,476 warrants outstanding with the following terms: SCHEDULE
OF WARRANTS OUTSTANDING Warrant Type: Number of Shares Indexed Exercise Price (Strike Price) Settlement Date / Expiration Date Settlement Method IPO Warrants: Public tradeable warrants 384,936 $ 6.33 June 3, 2029 Cash or cashless (at holder’s election) Public non-tradeable warrants (1) 203,565 $ 6.33 June 3, 2029 Cash or cashless (at holder’s election) PIPE Warrants: Pre-funded warrants – PIPE 71,704,975 $ 0.001 N/A Cash or cashless Total warrants outstanding 72,293,476 $ 0.05 (1) Public
                                            non-tradeable warrants allow the holder to purchase one-half of one share of the Company’s
                                            common stock. Shares
Issued Upon Warrant Exercise During 2025 ● 62,095,798 shares upon the cashless exercise of PIPE pre-funded warrants with no cash proceeds. ● 1,456,008 shares upon the cash exercise of IPO warrants for proceeds of $ 9,216,534 . ● 55,312 shares upon the cashless exercise of warrants with no cash proceeds. Total
cash proceeds from warrant exercises during 2025 were $ 9,216,534 . F- 21 Settlement
Terms Warrant
holders control all settlement methods. Warrants may be settled through: 1. IPO
                                            Public Tradeable Warrants: (i) Physical settlement by paying $ 6.33 per share in cash, (2)
                                            cashless exercise where shares issued are reduced based on the spread between market price
                                            and exercise price using VWAP, or (3) upon a fundamental transaction (merger, sale of substantially
                                            all assets, or change in control), holders may require the Company to purchase warrants for
                                            cash equal to Black-Scholes value. 2. IPO
                                            Public Non-Tradeable Warrants: (i) Physical settlement by paying $ 6.33 per one-half share
                                            in cash, (2) cashless exercise where shares issued are reduced based on the spread between
                                            market price and exercise price using VWAP, or (3) upon a fundamental transaction (merger,
                                            sale of substantially all assets, or change in control), holders may require the Company
                                            to purchase warrants for cash equal to Black-Scholes value. 3. Pre-funded
                                            warrants: (i) Physical settlement by paying $ 0.001 per share in cash or (2) cashless exercise
                                            (mandatory if registration statement is unavailable). In a fundamental transaction, holders
                                            receive the same consideration as common stockholders (no cash buyout option). The
maximum shares that could be issued upon exercise of all outstanding warrants is 72,191,693 shares. Fewer shares may be issued if cashless
exercise is elected. NOTE
11— STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION Share
Option Plan The
Company’s equity incentive plans (the “2022 Plan” and the “2025 Plan”), which are shareholder approved,
provides for the grant of incentive stock options (“ISOs”), nonqualified stock options (“NQSOs”), restricted
stock awards (“RSAs”), stock awards, and performance shares to employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company
and its affiliates. The
2022 Plan initially authorized 150,000 shares of common stock for issuance, with an automatic increase on April 1 st of each
calendar year (from 2022 through 2031) equal to the lesser of (i) 4 % of the total shares of common stock outstanding on the last day
of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (ii) a smaller number of shares as determined by the administrator. As of December 31, 2025, 431,216 shares remain available for future grants under the 2022 Plan. The
2025 Plan initially authorized 37,611,971 shares of common stock for issuance, with a potential increase on January 1 st of
each calendar year equal to 5 % of the outstanding shares on December 31 st of the prior year, provided, that the Board or Compensation
Committee of the Board may, in its discretion, reduce the amount by which the plan increases. As of December 31, 2025, 21,856,173 shares
remain available for future grants under the 2025 Plan. Stock
Option Awards Option
awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company’s stock at the date of grant; those
options are determined by the Administrator and specified in the individual award agreements; generally have a contractual term of 10 years ( 5 years for ISOs granted to 10% stockholders); and are generally able to be terminated 3 - 12 months after the termination of
service. The
fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model that uses assumptions in the
following tables. Because Black-Scholes option valuation models incorporate ranges of assumptions for inputs, these ranges are disclosed.
Expected volatilities are primarily based on historical volatilities of peer group companies as the Company has limited history as a
public company. The Company uses the simplified approach to estimate option exercise term. The risk-free rate for periods within the
contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. F- 22 In
applying the Black-Scholes option pricing model to the options issued, the Company used the following assumptions: SCHEDULE
OF BLACK-SCHOLES OPTION PRICING MODEL TO THE OPTIONS ISSUED December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Risk free interest rate 4.1 % 3.6 % - 4.4 % Expected term (years) 2.7 - 5.5 2.5 – 6.5 Expected volatility 164.4 % - 223.2 % 101.3 % - 199.4 % Expected dividends 0.0 % 0.0 % Below
is a table summarizing the changes in stock options outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: SCHEDULE
OF ACTIVITY OF STOCK OPTIONS Stock Options Weighted-Average Exercise Price Outstanding at December 31, 2024 144,210 $ 3.11 Granted 167,473 3.93 Forfeited ( 18,914 ) 3.72 Outstanding at December 31, 2025 292,769 $ 3.54 Exercisable at December 31, 2025 259,054 $ 3.61 The
weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 3.71 and $ 1.17 , respectively.
The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 0 and $ 0 , respectively. Stock-based
compensation expense for options of $ 569,818 and $ 105,817 was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
As of December 31, 2025, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options is $ 419,725 . As
of December 31, 2025, the outstanding stock options have a weighted average remaining contractual life of 7.7 years and a total intrinsic
value of $ 0 . Restricted
Stock Awards During
2025, the Company granted 15,898,579 restricted stock awards to employees and directors with various vesting terms ranging from immediate
vesting to vesting over four years. The weighted-average grant date fair value was $ 1.08 per share, determined by the Company’s
closing stock price on the respective grant dates. A
summary of the status of the Company’s nonvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2025, and changes during the year then
ended is presented below: SCHEDULE
OF NONVESTED RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS Restricted Stock Awards Weighted-Average Grant Date
                                            Fair Value Nonvested at December 31, 2024 - $ - Granted 15,898,579 1.08 Vested ( 129,743 ) 1.46 Forfeited ( 112,781 ) 1.33 Nonvested at December 31, 2025 15,656,055 $ 1.08 The
total fair value of restricted stock awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2025 was $ 189,058 . During
2025, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of $ 1,789,105 related to RSAs. As of December 31, 2025, unrecognized compensation
cost was $ 15,186,700 expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years. NOTE
12— FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Fair
value measurements discussed herein represent management’s best estimate of fair value as of and during the year ended December
31, 2025. Equity
Securities – Metaplanet, Inc. The Company measures its investment in Metaplanet, Inc. at fair value on a recurring basis. The
fair value of the Metaplanet Stock is based on quoted market prices on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, translated into U.S. dollars using the
spot exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Due to the fair value being derived from observable and unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets, the measurement is classified as a Level 1 input in the fair value hierarchy. F- 23 Digital
Assets. The Company holds digital assets, primarily Bitcoin, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in accordance
with ASC 350-60. The fair value of the Company’s digital assets is determined using quoted prices on Anchorage Digital, the
Company’s principal digital asset platform. Due to the fair value being derived from observable and unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets, the measurement is classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Call
Option – Related Party. The call option asset represents the Company’s right to acquire an equity interest in BTC Media
(see Note 3). The fair value of the call option asset is measured using a correlated Monte Carlo simulation model, which incorporates
significant unobservable inputs, including management’s estimates regarding expected cash flows, probability of exercise, equity
volatility for BTC Inc and the Company’s common stock, expected term, risk-free rate, discount for lack of marketability, correlation
coefficient, and other assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the obligation. Due to the valuation relying on unobservable
inputs, the asset is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Generally, increases in equity volatility or correlation
coefficient would result in a higher fair value of the asset, whereas increases in discount for lack of marketability would result in
a lower fair value. The
following tables present the Company’s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2025: SCHEDULE OF FAIR VALUE ASSETS Assets Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Equity securities – Metaplanet, Inc. $ 20,714,391 $ - $ - $ 20,714,391 Digital assets 467,549,622 - - 467,549,622 Call option - related party - - 199,060,000 199,060,000 Total assets at fair value $ 488,264,013 $ - $ 199,060,000 $ 687,324,013 There
were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 during the periods presented. The
following table presents the changes in Level 3 assets measured at fair value for the year ended December 31, 2025: Schedule
Of Assets Measured at Fair Value Call
    Option Balance, December 31, 2024 $ - Initial recognition as liability ( 27,314,000 ) Change in fair value recognized in earnings 226,374,000 Balance, December 31, 2025 $ 199,060,000 The
call option was initially recognized as a liability at fair value on August 14, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the fair
value of the call option increased significantly due primarily to a significant decrease in the fair value of the Company’s common
stock, resulting in the instrument transitioning from a liability position at inception to an asset position of $ 199,060,000 at December
31, 2025. The total change in fair value for the year ended December 31, 2025, was a gain on $ 226,374,000 , reported in Change in fair
value of call option - related party in the consolidated statements of operations. The
following table presents quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the Company’s Level 3 fair
value measurements as of December 31, 2025: SCHEDULE
OF QUANTITATIVE INFORMATION ABOUT THE SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS Instrument Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Input(s) Used Call option asset Correlated Monte Carlo Simulation Equity volatility – BTC Inc 71.9 % Equity volatility - Nakamoto 79.9 % Expected term Through January 30, 2026 Risk-free rate 3.67 % Discount for lack of marketability 5.3 % Correlation coefficient 0.90 F- 24 NOTE
13— INCOME TAXES As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of $ 48,059,205 and $ 4,615,303 , respectively, that may
be available to reduce future years’ taxable income. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has a net deferred tax asset of $ 13,964,902 . Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024, consisted of the following temporary differences and carry-forward items: SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Deferred tax assets Deductible temporary differences, net $ 9,828,985 $ 974,718 Loss carryforwards 48,059,205 4,615,303 Expected tax rate 24.6 % 24.6 % Total deferred tax assets 14,237,311 1,374,838 Deferred tax liabilities Deductible temporary differences, net 1,107,601 989,890 Expected tax rate 24.6 % 24.6 % Total deferred tax liabilities 272,409 243,459 Deferred tax valuation allowance ( 13,964,902 ) ( 1,131,379 ) Net deferred tax asset $ - $ - The
components for the income tax expense: SCHEDULE
OF INCOME TAX EXPENSE December
    31, 2025 December
    31, 2024 Taxable income Financial statement pretax loss $ ( 52,228,923 ) $ ( 3,239,916 ) Non-deductible expenses 48,465 8,978 Total taxable income ( 52,180,458 ) ( 3,230,938 ) Decrease (increase) in taxable temporary differences ( 117,711 ) ( 756,932 ) Increase in deductible temporary differences 8,854,267 912,718 Federal taxable loss $ ( 43,443,902 ) $ ( 3,075,152 ) The
valuation allowance roll forward as of December 31 is as follows: SUMMARY
OF VALUATION ALLOWANCE 2025 2024 Beginning balance $ 1,131,379 $ 359,434 Increase due to current year activity 12,833,523 771,945 Ending balance $ 13,964,902 $ 1,131,379 The
schedule of effective tax rate reconciliation is as follows: SCHEDULE
OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 Federal statutory rate 21.0 % $ 10,968,074 21.0 % $ ( 680,382 ) State income tax rate, net of federal benefit 3.6 % 1,877,369 3.6 % ( 116,459 ) Permanent differences ( 0.0 )% ( 11,920 ) ( 0.1 )% 2,208 Effect of tax rate change 0.0 % - ( 0.7 )% 22,688 Change in valuation allowance ( 24.6 )% ( 12,833,523 ) ( 23.8 )% 771,945 0.0 % $ - 0.0 % $ - F- 25 Digital
assets, in general are treated as property for U.S. Federal income tax purposes. However, the Company recognizes that digital assets
can be tokenized in which case the underlying asset being tokenized would govern the tax treatment. As such, the Company generally does
not recognize tax impacts on the unrealized gain or losses from digital assets. The Company generally incurs tax impacts when digital
assets are sold or exchanged. Cash
paid for income taxes, net of refunds, was $ 0 and $ 0 for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits and did not have any accrued interest or penalties related
to uncertain tax positions. The Company does not anticipate any significant changes to its unrecognized tax benefits within the next
twelve months. The valuation allowance represents the portion of our deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that the
benefit of such items will not be realized. The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the state of Utah. The Company’s tax years 2022 to current
year remain open to examination by the major taxing authorities. NOTE
14— RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS As
described in Note 3, the Company acquired Nakamoto Holdings during August of 2025. As part of the acquisition, the Company assumed a
BTC Media Agreement, which included both a i) call option to acquire the outstanding shares of BTC Inc and ii) a corresponding put option
allowing BTC Inc to sell all of their outstanding shares to Nakamoto based on a to be determined amount of issued Nakamoto common shares
(i.e. “the call consideration amount”). The Company determined that BTC Inc should be considered a related party as David
Bailey, Nakamoto’s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board and Tyler Evans, Nakamoto’s Chief Investment Officer,
are also a director of the board and chief executive officer and chief investment officer of BTC Inc, respectively, and therefore have
significant influence over that entity. To comply with the requirements of Rule 4-08(k) of Regulation S-X and ASC 850, the Company has
presented both the put option liability and change in put option liability as related party amounts in its consolidated financial statements
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. During
2025, the Company incurred approximately $ 1,263,906 included in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of
Income with BTC Inc under a marketing and services agreement in which BTC Inc provides marketing and other administrative support. As
of December 31, 2025, $ 570,152 was owed to BTC Inc. NOTE
15— SEGMENT INFORMATION The
Company operates two reportable segments: Bitcoin Operations and Healthcare Operations. ● Bitcoin
                                            Operations: Manages the Company’s digital asset treasury strategy, including acquiring
                                            and holding Bitcoin and other digital assets, as well as related investment activities. ● Healthcare
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Operations: Provides outpatient services through clinics and telemedicine platforms. Prior
to 2025, the Company operated as a single reportable segment of Healthcare Operations. In 2025, following the Merger (see Note 3), the
Company established the Bitcoin Operations segment. The Company now evaluates performance based on these two reportable segments, with
corporate overhead reported separately as Other. The
Company evaluates segment performance based on operating income (loss) which represents revenues less operating expenses
attributable to each segment. F- 26 The
following tables represent our results by segment information for the year ended December 31, 2025: SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT INFORMATION Bitcoin Operations Healthcare Other (1) Total Revenue $ - $ 1,821,315 $ - $ 1,821,315 Operating expenses: Compensation 349,098 4,710,456 6,028,501 11,088,055 General and administrative 718,869 4,157,646 6,885,858 11,762,373 Depreciation - 82,895 - 82,895 Other operating expenses - 17,582 - 17,582 Change in fair value of digital assets 166,225,876 ( 131,969 ) - 166,093,907 Gain/loss on investments, net 9,915,745 - - 9,915,745 Total operating expenses $ 177,209,588 $ 8,836,610 $ 12,914,359 $ 198,960,557 Segment operating loss $ ( 177,209,588 ) $ ( 7,015,295 ) $ ( 12,914,359 ) $ ( 197,139,242 ) (1) The
                                            Company included the revenue and operating expenses allocated to Other to show the rollup
                                            to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025. 2025 Total segment loss $ ( 184,224,883 ) Corporate expenses ( 12,914,359 ) Operating loss ( 197,139,242 ) Other income, net 73,342 Interest expense ( 7,060,581 ) Change in fair value of call option - related party 226,374,000 Debt restructuring costs ( 14,722,631 ) Loss on acquisition of Nakamoto Holdings ( 59,753,811 ) Loss before income taxes $ ( 52,228,923 ) The
following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2024: Bitcoin Operations Healthcare Operations (1) Other Total Revenue $ - $ 2,719,840 $ - $ 2,719,840 Operating expenses: Compensation - 3,562,405 - 3,562,405 General and administrative - 1,907,055 - 1,907,055 Depreciation - 136,606 - 136,606 Other operating expenses - 460,545 - 460,545 Total operating expenses $ - $ 6,066,611 $ - $ 6,066,611 Segment operating loss $ - $ ( 3,346,771 ) $ - $ ( 3,346,771 ) (1) In
                                            2024, the Company operated as a single reportable segment (Healthcare Operations) and did
                                            not separately track or allocate corporate overhead expenses. All operating expenses are
                                            reflected in the Healthcare Operations segment. Beginning in 2025 after the Merger with Nakamoto
                                            Holdings, the Company began separately tracking corporate expenses following the establishment
                                            of the Bitcoin Operations segment. F- 27 2024 Total segment loss $ ( 3,346,771 ) Corporate expenses - Operating loss ( 3,346,771 ) Other income, net 161,461 Interest expense ( 393,448 ) Debt restructuring costs ( 38,889 ) Loss before income taxes $ ( 3,617,647 ) The
following table represents assets by segment as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: SCHEDULE
OF ASSETS BY SEGMENTS Bitcoin Operations Healthcare Operations (1) Total Segment assets, 2025 $ 508,406,818 $ 2,083,184 $ 510,490,002 Segment assets, 2024 - 3,677,992 3,677,992 (1) In
                                            2024, the Company operated as a single reportable segment (Healthcare Operations). All assets
                                            are shown under Healthcare Operations as assets were not allocated between segment-specific
                                            and corporate in 2024. Beginning in 2025, the Company began separately tracking corporate
                                            assets. 2025 2024 Total assets for reportable segments $ 510,490,002 $ 3,677,992 Other assets 220,117,752 - Consolidated total $ 730,607,754 $ 3,677,992 NOTE
16— SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Acquisitions
of BTC Inc and UTXO Management GP, LLC On
February 16, 2026, the Company entered into (i) an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “BTC Merger Agreement”) with BTC Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, and (ii) an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “UTXO Merger Agreement”) with UTXO Management GP, LLC,
a Tennessee limited liability company (“UTXO”). On February 20, 2026, the Company completed both mergers (together, the “Mergers”). BTC
Inc Merger. Pursuant to the BTC Merger Agreement, BTC Inc became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. At closing, all outstanding
shares of BTC Inc common stock and preferred stock were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 259,886,237 shares of the
Company’s Common Stock. Additionally, the Company reserved 78,427,012 shares of Common Stock for issuance in connection with fully-vested
BTC Inc stock options assumed by the Company, which were accelerated and converted at an exchange ratio of 137 shares of Common Stock
per share of BTC Inc common stock, with exercise prices adjusted proportionally to preserve the economic value of each option. Of the
shares issued as BTC Inc. merger consideration, 24,835,418 shares were withheld as holdback shares to support post-closing purchase price
adjustments and indemnification obligations. Based on the closing price of the Company’s Common Stock of $ 0.248 on February 19,
2026, the aggregate value of the BTC Inc merger consideration, net of aggregate option exercise prices, was approximately $ 75.1 million. UTXO
Merger. Pursuant to the UTXO Merger Agreement, UTXO became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. At closing, all outstanding
equity interests of UTXO were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 26,481,860 shares of the Company’s Common Stock,
of which 2,648,186 shares were withheld as holdback shares to support post-closing purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations.
Based on the closing price of the Company’s Common Stock of $ 0.248 on February 19, 2026, the aggregate value of the UTXO merger
consideration was approximately $ 6.6 million. The
Company is in the process of completing its preliminary purchase price allocation for both acquisitions. As the Mergers closed subsequent
to the balance sheet date, the initial accounting for these business combinations, including the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, had not been finalized as of the date these financial statements were issued. Sale
of Metaplanet Stock In
Q1 2026, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of its Metaplanet stock for approximately $ 11.1 million. Sale of Bitcoin In March 2026, the Company sold approximately 284 Bitcoin for $ 20 million. F- 28 ITEM
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. ITEM
9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our
Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the
Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Company’s principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2025, due to the
material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The
Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as
defined in rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2025, due to the
material weaknesses described below. A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Management
identified material weaknesses related to the following: ● Segregation
                                            of duties . The Company did not maintain adequate segregation of duties within certain
                                            finance and accounting processes, including with respect to the preparation, review, and
                                            approval of journal entries. ● Accounting and finance
  resources . The Company did not maintain sufficient in-house finance and accounting personal with appropriate experience in designing,
  implementing, operating and documenting effective internal controls over financial reporting commensurate with the Company’s
  financial reporting requirements. ● Formal
                                            policies, procedures and risk assessment. The Company did not maintain adequately formalized
                                            and documented policies and procedures for certain key financial reporting processes, including
                                            a formal risk assessment process and sufficient documentation evidencing the performance
                                            and review of certain recurring controls, including the completeness and accuracy of information
                                            used in the operation of such controls. Notwithstanding
the material weaknesses described above, management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the
periods presented. Progress on Plan of
Remediation of Material Weaknesses Management, with the oversight of the
Audit Committee, has begun implementing, and intends to continue implementing, measures designed to remediate the material weaknesses
described above. These measures include: ● Strengthening
    the finance and accounting organization, including through the hiring of additional personnel with public company and internal controls
    experience, such as both a Chief Financial Officer and a Chief Accounting Officer in December 2025; ● Engaging
    external advisors and consultants, as needed to assist with financial reporting risk assessment, control design, documentation and
    remediation activities, such as increasing in-house resources within the finance department potentially through additional hires
    in roles involved in key internal controls, a change in the mix of responsibilities assigned to in-house resources vs those provided
    by vendors, as well as sharing of certain resources across the business of Nakamoto, including those recently acquired in the Mergers; ● Developing
    accounting policies and procedures for key financial reporting processes; ● Enhancing
    documentation and evidentiary support for the operation and review of recurring controls; and ● Continuing
    to improve process-level oversight, accountability and responsibility for internal controls across the organization. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls have been designed and implemented, operate for
a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. Management
may also determine that additional remediation measures are required. Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM
9B. Other Information Rule
10b5-1 Trading Plans During the three months ended December 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Exchange Act Rule
16a-1(f)) adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5–1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5–1 trading arrangement,”
each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. ITEM
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not
applicable. 63 PART
III ITEM
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The
following table and biographical information that follows provide certain information about directors and officers. Such information
is current as of March 23, 2026. The
information presented below for each director includes the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led us to
the conclusion that such individual should be nominated to serve on our Board in light of our
business, and that each director offers significant individual attributes and contributions important to our Board’s overall composition
and functioning. There
is no family relationship between any of our executive officers, directors, or director nominees. Name Age Position Date
    of Appointment David
    Bailey 35 Chief
    Executive Officer, Chairman August
    2025 Teresa
    Gendron 56 Chief
    Financial Officer December
    2025 Amanda
    Fabiano 39 Chief
    Operating Officer August
    2025 Tyler
    Evans 34 Chief
    Investment Officer August
    2025 Tim
    Pickett 47 Chief
    Medical Officer and Director December
    2019 John
    Dalton 44 Chief
    Accounting Officer and Controller December
    2025 Andrew
    Creighton 53 Chief
    Commercial Officer August
    2025 Perianne
    Boring 38 Independent
    Director August
    2025 Charles
    P. Blackburn 45 Independent
    Director August
    2025 Greg
    Xethalis 48 Independent
    Director August
    2025 Mark
    Yusko 62 Independent
    Director August
    2025 Biographies
of Directors and Officers David
Bailey , age 35, has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since August 14, 2025. Mr. Bailey brings
over a decade of experience in finance and entrepreneurship, and is a co-founder of BTC Inc, where he served as chief executive officer from February 2015 to November 2025 and has served as a director
since its founding in November 2015. From September 2019 to February 2026, Mr. Bailey has served as a General Partner at UTXO Management,
LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“UTXO Management”). Mr. Bailey also holds board positions at Moon Inc (HK
Asia Holdings Limited), the Bitcoin Policy Institute and RTB Digital Inc. Mr. Bailey holds a Bachelor of Arts in Finance and Entrepreneurship
from the University of Alabama Honors College. We believe Mr. Bailey is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his extensive
experience in the Bitcoin, asset management and media industries. Teresa
Gendron , age 56, has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since December
8, 2025. Ms. Gendron brings more than a decade of experience in financial leadership at public companies. She previously served as Chief
Financial Officer of Markel Group Inc., a publicly traded insurance and investments company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, from
March 2023 to December 2023. Prior to that, she served as Chief Financial Officer of Jefferies Financial Group Inc., a publicly traded
financial services company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, from September 2014 to March 2023. Since July 2021, she has served as
a director and Audit Committee member of Hillman Solutions Corp., a publicly traded company, where she also served on the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee from July 2021 to May 2022. Ms. Gendron holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University
of Virginia, and a Master of Business Administration from Georgetown University. Amanda
Fabiano , age 39, has served as our Chief Operating Officer since August 14, 2025.
Ms. Fabiano brings extensive leadership and operational experience in the Bitcoin industry. She is the co-founder of Second Gate Advisory,
where she advises Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining companies. She previously held roles as the Head of Mining at Galaxy Digital from 2020 to
2023 and Director of Bitcoin Mining at Fidelity Investments from 2013 to 2020. She serves as a Board Member of Terawulf Inc. (NASDAQ:
WULF). Mrs. Fabiano holds a Bachelor’s degree in Sociology with a concentration in Criminal Justice from the University of Massachusetts
Dartmouth. 64 Tyler
Evans , age 34, has served as our Chief Investment Officer since August 14, 2025.
Mr. Evans brings extensive executive, investing and technology leadership experience, including his current role as a director of BTC
Inc and as the Chief Investment Officer and a director of UTXO Management. Mr. Evans is a co-founder of both BTC Inc and UTXO Management,
and previously served as a director of BTC Inc from August 2014 through November 2025, as an officer of BTC Inc from August 2014 through
February 2026 and as a managing partner of UTXO Management from September 2019 to February 2026. Mr. Evans holds board positions at Metaplanet
Inc., Smarter Web Company PLC, Matador Inc., and BTC Inc. Mr. Evans holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University
of Alabama. Tim
Pickett , MPAS-C, age 47, has served as a member of our Board since he founded the Company in 2019. He is also our Chief Medical
Officer and prior to August 2025 served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 2019. He graduated from the University of
Utah with a Master’s Degree in Physician Assistant Studies (2014). Mr. Pickett previously worked in General Surgery, Trauma, and
Emergency Medicine for Steward Medical Group’s Physician Group of Utah (PGU) from 2014 to October, 2020. His experience in surgery
and critical care shaped his view of the opioid crisis. Mr. Pickett lobbies governments for improved legislation for non-opioid medicine
access and is an advocate for the practical use of safe, evidence-based alternatives in medical treatment. His experience in successfully
taking Kindly MD, Inc. public and leading the merger with Nakamoto Holdings brings invaluable institutional memory and a deep understanding
of public company operations. We believe Mr. Pickett is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his experience as chief executive
officer of a public company and in complex healthcare operations. John
Dalton , age 44, has served as our Chief Accounting Officer and Controller since December 8, 2025. Prior to his appointment, Mr.
Dalton served as Chief Financial Officer of Jefferies Finance LLC from July 2023 to September 2025, and previously served as Vice President
and Co-Controller of Jefferies Financial Group Inc., a publicly traded financial services company listed on the New York Stock Exchange,
from November 2022 to May 2023. Prior to the corporate consolidation of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. and Jefferies Group LLC, Mr. Dalton
served as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. from September 2015 to November 2022.
Mr. Dalton holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from James Madison University and is a Certified Public Accountant in the Commonwealth
of Virginia. Andrew
Creighton , age 53, has served as our Chief Commercial Officer since August 14, 2025. Mr. Creighton brings over two decades of
executive leadership and experience. Mr. Creighton has served as Interim Chief Commercial Officer/Corporate Development at BTC Inc from
April 2024 to February 2026. He is also the owner of Advice by AC, LLC, a consulting firm, and has held advisory roles with several companies,
including Seed Health LLC, Commune Media LLC, VICE Holdings Inc., and NeuBio LLC. Mr. Creighton has served as a board member of The Michael
J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research since January 2016. He holds a B.Sc. Honors in Physics from Manchester University, UK. Perianne
Boring , age 38, has served on our Board since August 14, 2025. She is a Partner at Off the Chain Capital, an investment firm
focused on blockchain and digital asset opportunities. Ms. Boring is the Founder and former Chief Executive Officer of The Digital Chamber,
a 501(c)(6) trade association representing the blockchain industry, where she served from May 2014 to May 2025 and now chairs its board
of directors. Ms. Boring holds a bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of Florida. We believe Ms. Boring is qualified
to serve as a member of our Board due to her decade of leadership and operational experience in the Bitcoin and digital asset industries. Charles
P. Blackburn , age 45, has served on our Board since August 14, 2025. Mr. Blackburn has been the Founding Partner of Elevate Capital,
an accounting-firm platform focused on partnering with and scaling values-driven firms, since August 2025. Since 2014, Mr. Blackburn
has been an investor partner at NueCura Partners, a Nashville-based angel investment firm focused on early-stage healthcare companies.
From November 2019 to August 2025, he served as a director at Cherry Bekaert Advisory, a national accounting firm. Mr. Blackburn currently
sits on the Advisory Board at Spintel, a music-focused technology company where he has served as an advisor since May 2022, and at Monarrch,
an AI company focused on royalties, where he has served as an advisor since March 2025. Mr. Blackburn holds a bachelor’s degree
in Management Information Systems from the University of Mississippi and a Master of Business Administration from Western Governors University.
We believe Mr. Blackburn is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his financial expertise and experience in capital formation
and corporate development. 65 Greg
Xethalis , age 48, has served as a member of our Board since August 14, 2025. Mr. Xethalis brings two decades of experience as
a corporate and regulatory attorney, including through his role as General Counsel of SEC-registered investment advisor Multicoin Capital
Management, LLC since 2021, and his 13 years as an attorney in the Bitcoin and digital assets spaces. Prior to joining Multicoin Capital
Management, Mr. Xethalis was a partner in the investment management and fintech practices at Chapman and Cutler LLP from May 2019 to
July 2021. Mr. Xethalis has served as a director of the Blockchain Association, Inc. since January 2025, as a director of the DeFi Education
Foundation since May 2024, and as a Senior Lecturing Fellow for Duke University School of Law, where he has taught FinTech and Blockchain
Law and Policy, beginning in January 2022. Mr. Xethalis holds a Juris Doctor from Fordham University School of Law and a Bachelor’s
degree in American Studies from Vanderbilt University. We believe Mr. Xethalis is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to
his experience as a corporate and regulatory lawyer in the Bitcoin and financial industry. Mark
Yusko , age 62, has served as a member of our Board since August 14, 2025. He brings over two decades of experience in providing
investment management services to institutional and qualifying clients, including through his roles as Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Investment Officer and Managing Partner of Morgan Creek Capital Management, LLC, an SEC-registered investment adviser, roles he has held
since July 2004, and as Managing Partner at Morgan Creek Digital since June 2018. He has served as a director of Metaplanet Inc. since
March 2024. Mr. Yusko holds a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago, and a Bachelor of Science from the University
of Notre Dame. We believe Mr. Yusko is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his extensive experience in the financial industry
and past senior leadership roles. Indemnification The
Company shall indemnify any and all of its directors, officers, former directors, former officers and any person who may have served
at its request as a director or officer of another company in which it owns shares or of which it is a creditor, who were or are made
a party or are threatened to be made a party to or are involved in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative (each a “Proceeding”), or any appeal in such a Proceeding
or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, against any and all liabilities, damages, reasonable and documented
expenses (including reasonably incurred and substantiated attorneys’ fees), financial effects of judgments, fines, penalties (including
excise and similar taxes and punitive damages) and amounts paid in settlement in connection with such Proceeding by any of them. Such
indemnification shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled otherwise. To
the extent that indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
our Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. If a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of our Company in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by any of our directors, officers or controlling persons in connection with the
securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit
to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of that issue. Family
Relationships There
are no family relationships between our officers and members of our Board. 66 CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE We
are committed to good governance practices. Our governance practices seek to ensure that we conduct our affairs in a manner that matches
the high standards we have set for our people, products, and services. We believe that good governance builds integrity and trust, strengthens
the accountability of our Board, management and employees and promotes the long-term interests of our stockholders. Affirmative
Determinations Regarding Director and Nominee Independence Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of the Board be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which, in
the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. The definition also includes a series of objective tests, including that the director is not, and has not been for at
least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor any of the director’s family members has engaged in various
types of business dealings with us. To help determine whether a director is independent, our Board reviewed and discussed information
provided by the directors and us with regard to each director’s business and personal activities and relationships as they may
relate to us and our management. Our
Board has determined that each of the following directors satisfies our independence standards, Nasdaq’s listing standards, and
applicable SEC rules: Mr. Charles P. Blackburn, Ms. Perianne Boring, Mr. Greg Xethalis, and Mr. Mark Yusko. Director
Nomination Process The
nominating and corporate governance committee of the Board (the “Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee”) recommends
nominees for our Board consistent with the criteria determined by our Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may receive
recommendations from other directors and executives and may, when appropriate, seek assistance from third-party search firms with respect
to identifying and vetting qualified candidates for the Board’s consideration. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
will also consider nominations from any person (or group) who has (or collectively if a group have) held more than 3% of the Company’s
voting securities for longer than one year, and from stockholder(s) to the extent the nomination complies with all procedures and includes
all information about the candidate(s) required by our bylaws. Nominations from stockholder(s) that are made in accordance with these
procedures and include all required information (such as (i) information about each prospective director nominee as would have been required
to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the rules of the SEC had the prospective director nominee been nominated by the
Board, and (ii) that the prospective director nominee has consented to be named, if nominated, as a nominee and, if elected, to serve
as a director) will be considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in accordance with the criteria discussed above
and in the same manner as other nominations, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will present its recommendation to
our Board. Board
Leadership Structure David
Bailey serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board. We do not have a policy regarding the separation of the roles
of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board as we believe it is in the best interests of our Company to make that determination
based on the position and direction of the Company and membership of our Board. Our
Board has determined that having our Chief Executive Officer serve as Chairman of our Board is in the best interest of our stockholders
at this time. This structure makes the best use of our Chief Executive Officer’s extensive knowledge of our Company and our industry,
as well as fostering greater communication between our management team and the members of the Board. Executive
Sessions Our Board meets regularly in executive sessions without any members of
management who are not also directors present. In addition, the independent directors on our Board also meet in executive session. Attendance
at Meetings Regular
meetings of our Board are held at such times as our Board may determine. In addition, special meetings of our Board may be called by
the chair of the Board, chief executive officer of the Company, or at least two directors. In
fiscal year 2025, our Board held 19 meetings, the audit committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) held four
meetings and the compensation committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”) held one meeting separate from the
regularly scheduled Board meetings. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not hold a meeting separate from the
regularly scheduled Board meetings. Each director attended more than 87% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the
Board (held during the period for which he or she has been a director) and more than 66% of the aggregate of the total number of
meetings held by all committees of the Board on which he or she served (during the periods that he or she served). Our Board and its
committees also act from time to time by written consent in lieu of meetings. 67 Although
we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of our Board at our annual meeting of stockholders, we encourage our directors
to attend. All members of the Board were present for our annual meeting of stockholders held on December 8, 2025. Role
of the Board in Risk Oversight Our
Board oversees, with management, the various risks we face. Our Board and management consider risks in all aspects of our Company, including
our business strategy, operations, and our overall business. Our
Board dedicates a portion of at least one meeting each year to evaluating and discussing risk, risk mitigation strategies and the Company’s
internal control environment. Topics examined include, but are not limited to, strategic, operational, financial and compliance risks.
Our Board’s risk oversight also includes an annual review of our strategic plan. Because overseeing risk is an ongoing process
and inherent in our strategic decisions, our Board also receives input from senior management and considers risk at other times in the
context of specific proposed actions. In
addition to our Board’s risk oversight responsibility, the Board’s committees are also charged with overseeing risks within
their areas of responsibility and reviewing with the Board significant risks identified by management and management’s response
to those risks. For example, our Audit Committee oversees legal and compliance matters and helps to assess the adequacy of our risk-related
internal controls. Our Compensation Committee reviews and approves our executive compensation program, and considers relevant goals and
objectives to assist with its determinations. In addition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assesses risks relating
to our corporate governance practices and the independence of our Board. While
our Board is actively involved in overseeing our risk management process, management is responsible for assessing and managing risk on
a day-to-day basis. Our Board focuses on our general risk management strategy and helps ensure that appropriate risk mitigation strategies
are implemented by management. Certain departments, such as accounting, finance, legal, and individuals within other departments, focus
on specific risks associated with different aspects of our business, from regulatory, environmental, and financial risks to commercial
and strategic risks. Senior members of management responsible for risk management report regularly to the appropriate Board committee
or the Board, as appropriate. Our Board believes its administration of its risk oversight function has not negatively affected our Board’s
leadership structure. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy With respect to cybersecurity risk oversight,
see Item 1C. Cybersecurity for a description of our cybersecurity risk-management processes and Board-level oversight arrangement. 68 Board
Committees Our
Board has established the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The composition
and responsibilities of each committee are described below. Our Board may establish from time to time any other committees that it deems
necessary or desirable. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board. A copy
of each committee’s charter, each of which complies with the applicable requirements of current SEC and Nasdaq rules, may be found
in the “Investors” section of our website: www.nakamoto.com in the “Governance” subsection. The
following table sets forth the members of each standing committee of our Board as of March 23, 2026: Director Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee David Bailey (1) Charles P. Blackburn C * Perianne Boring * * Tim Pickett (2) Greg Xethalis * C Mark Yusko C *
Member C
Chairperson (1)
Mr. Bailey does not serve on a committee and is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. (2)
Mr. Pickett does not serve on a committee and is our Chief Medical Officer. Audit
Committee The
Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. The Audit Committee
consists of Charles P. Blackburn, Perianne Boring and Greg Xethalis. Charles P. Blackburn serves as the chair of the Audit Committee. Our
Board has determined that Charles P. Blackburn, Perianne Boring and Greg Xethalis are independent under the applicable rules of the SEC
and Nasdaq for Audit Committee membership. All members of our Audit Committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the
applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq. Our Board has determined that Charles P. Blackburn qualifies as an “audit committee
financial expert” as defined in the applicable SEC rules and has the requisite financial sophistication as defined under the applicable
Nasdaq rules and regulations. The
primary functions of the Audit Committee include: ● monitoring
                                            the integrity of the Company’s financial reporting process and systems of internal
                                            controls regarding finance, accounting and legal compliance; ● monitoring
                                            the independence and performance of the Company’s independent auditors and the Company’s
                                            accounting personnel; ● providing
                                            an avenue of communication among the independent auditors, management, the Company’s
                                            accounting personnel, and the Board; ● appointing
                                            and providing oversight for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the
                                            financial statements; ● discussing
                                            the scope of the independent auditors’ examination; 69 ● reviewing
                                            the financial statements and the independent auditors’ report; ● reviewing
                                            areas of potential significant financial risk to the Company; ● monitoring
                                            compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; ● soliciting
                                            recommendations from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters; ● making
                                            recommendations to the Board; ● resolving
                                            any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting; ● preparing
                                            the report required by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K, as required by the rules of the Securities
                                            and Exchange Commission; and ● performing
                                            other related tasks as requested by the Board. The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities, and it has direct access
to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Audit Committee has the ability to retain, at the Company’s
expense, special legal, accounting, or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties. Compensation
Committee The
Compensation Committee approves, or recommends to our Board, policies relating to compensation and benefits for our officers and employees.
The Compensation Committee consists of Greg Xethalis and Charles P. Blackburn. Greg Xethalis serves as the chair of the Compensation
Committee. Our
Board has determined that Greg Xethalis and Charles P. Blackburn are independent under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq
for Compensation Committee membership and that each also qualifies as a “non-employee director” as defined in Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act. The
principal functions of the Compensation Committee include, among other things: ● developing
                                            recommendations for the Board with respect to the compensation of the Company’s Chief
                                            Executive Officer and non-employee directors; ● discharging
                                            the responsibilities of the Board relating to the approval of the compensation of the Company’s
                                            executive officers, other than the Chief Executive Officer; ● making
                                            determinations with respect to the compensation programs and policies of the Company; and ● reviewing executive compensation disclosures in our SEC filings. The
Compensation Committee has the authority to obtain, at the expense of the Company, advice and assistance from internal or external legal,
consulting or other advisors. Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and recommends individuals qualified to serve as directors of the Company and
on committees of the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mark Yusko and Perianne Boring. Mark Yusko
serves as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our
Board has determined that Mark Yusko and Perianne Boring are independent under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq for Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee membership. The
principal functions of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee include: ● to
                                            oversee the administration of the Company’s Code of Ethics and related policies; ● to
                                            lead the search for individuals qualified to become members of the Board and to select director
                                            nominees to be presented for election by the stockholders at each annual meeting. The Committee
                                            shall select individuals as director nominees who shall have the highest personal and professional
                                            integrity, who have demonstrated exceptional ability and judgment and who shall be most effective,
                                            in conjunction with the other nominees to the Board, in collectively serving the long-term
                                            interests of the stockholders; 70 ● to
                                            ensure, in cooperation with the Compensation Committee, that no agreements or arrangements
                                            are made with directors or relatives of directors for providing professional or consulting
                                            services to the Company or an affiliate or an individual officer of the Company or one of
                                            their affiliates, without appropriate review and evaluation for conflicts of interest; ● to
                                            ensure that Board members do not serve on more than three other for-profit public company
                                            boards that have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                                            in addition to the Company’s board. Newly appointed or elected directors shall have
                                            a grace period of nine (9) months to gain compliance with this condition; ● to
                                            review the Board’s committee structure and to recommend to the Board for its approval,
                                            directors to serve as members of each committee as well as recommendations for committee
                                            chairs. The Committee shall review and recommend committee positions, including chairs of
                                            such committees, annually and shall recommend additional committee members to fill vacancies; ● to
                                            review recommendations received from stockholders for persons to be considered for nomination
                                            to the Board, and to designate a member of the Committee to receive such communications directly
                                            from stockholders, and to publish the name and contact information of such person in the
                                            Company’s proxy statement for each of its annual meeting of stockholders; ● to
                                            monitor compliance with the Company’s corporate governance guidelines. The Committee
                                            shall review the guidelines at least annually, and recommend changes as necessary to the
                                            Board; ● to
                                            develop and implement an annual self-evaluation of the Board, both individually and as a
                                            Board, and of its committees. The Committee shall oversee the annual self-evaluations, with
                                            a focus on the effectiveness of the directors, Board, and committees as representative of
                                            the stockholders; ● to
                                            review and recommend changes to procedures whereby stockholders may communicate with the
                                            Board; ● to
                                            assess the independence of directors annually and report to the Board; and ● to
                                            recommend to the Board for its approval, the leadership structure of the Board, including
                                            whether the Board should have an executive or non-executive Chair, whether the roles of Chair
                                            and Chief Executive Officer should combine, and whether a lead director of the Board should
                                            be appointed. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has the authority to obtain, at the expense of the Company, advice and assistance from
search firms and internal or external legal, consulting, or other advisors. Special
Committee On
October 29, 2025, the Board formed a special committee (the “Special Committee”), comprised only of independent and disinterested
directors of the Board, for the purpose of reviewing and approving the BTC Merger and UTXO Merger. The Special Committee held one meeting
in 2025 and consisted of Perianne Boring, Greg Xethalis and Mark Yusko. Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The
Compensation Committee consists of Greg Xethalis and Charles P. Blackburn. None of our executive officers currently serves nor in the
past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our
Board. Amended
and Restated Insider Trading Policy The
Company has adopted the amended and restated insider trading policy (the “Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy”) governing
the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Company’s securities by directors, officers, employees, consultants, and independent
contractors (including any such person’s family members who reside with them, who are financially dependent on them, or who are
subject to such person’s influence or control) of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Applicable Persons”). The
Company believes that the Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading
laws, rules, and regulations and the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. The Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy also prohibits
Applicable Persons from engaging in the following transactions: ● short-term trading (selling any of the Company’s securities
of the same class for at least six months after purchase, except pursuant to certain non-discretionary transactions); ● short sales (selling any of the Company securities that they
do not own at the time of the sale); ● options trading (buying or selling puts or calls or other derivative
securities on the Company’s securities); ● trading on margin or pledging (holding the Company’s
securities in a margin account or pledging them as collateral for a loan); and ● hedging (entering into hedging or monetization transactions
or similar arrangements with respect to the Company’s securities). 71 The
Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
Commission on August 15, 2025. Code
of Ethics The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on the Company’s website, www.nakamoto.com . Corporate
Governance Guidelines The
Board has adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq. Director
or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During
the past ten years, none of our current directors or executive officers has been: ● the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against
any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years
prior to that time; ● convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); ● subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activities; ● found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, that has not been
reversed, suspended, or vacated; ● subject of, or a party to, any order, judgment, decree or finding,
not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of a federal or state securities or commodities law
or regulation, law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or ● subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently
reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association,
entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. None
of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of our Common Stock, or any associate of such persons,
is an adverse party in any material proceeding to, or has a material interest adverse to, us or any of our subsidiaries . Directors’
and Officers’ Limitation of Liability, Indemnification, and Insurance The
DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate, subject to specified conditions, the personal liability of directors and officers
to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation limits the liability of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We
have director and officer liability insurance to cover liabilities our directors and executive officers may incur in connection with
their services to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws also provide that we
will indemnify and advance expenses to any of our directors and executive officers who, by reason of the fact that they are one of our
directors or executive officers, is a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending,
or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative. We will repay certain expenses incurred
by a director or officer in connection with any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action or proceeding in advance of
its final disposition, subject to receipt of an undertaking to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined by final
judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such person is not entitled to be indemnified. Such indemnifiable
expenses include, to the maximum extent permitted by law, attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties, amounts
paid in settlement, and other expenses reasonably incurred or suffered in connection with legal proceedings. A director or officer will
not receive indemnification unless such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation
Law. 72 We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements provide that we will, among other things, indemnify and advance expenses, including
attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred in any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding,
including any action by us arising out of such person’s services as our director, executive officer, agent, or advisor. We believe
that these provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and executive officers. Such
limitation of liability and indemnification does not affect the availability of equitable remedies. In addition, we have been advised
that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act, is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. The
Company maintains insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company, or is or was
serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, enterprise, or nonprofit entity against any liability asserted against them and incurred by them in any such capacity, or arising
out of their status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the
provisions of the DGCL. Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company’s directors and executive officers, and persons
who own more than 10% of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater
than 10% stockholders are required to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To
the Company’s knowledge, based solely on review of forms filed in the SEC’s EDGAR database, all Section 16(a) requirements
applicable to persons who were officers, directors and greater than 10% stockholders during the preceding fiscal year were complied with
and satisfied on a timely basis, except for the following: (i) a late Form 3 was filed on October 7, 2025 for Eric Weiss that disclosed
no beneficial ownership of securities, (ii) a late Form 4 was filed on August 19, 2025 for Andrew Creighton with respect to Common Stock
received in 2025 pursuant to the Merger, and (iii) a late Form 4 was filed on August 22, 2025 for Tyler Evans with respect to Common
Stock received in 2025 pursuant to the Merger. ITEM
11. Executive Compensation We
are currently considered an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act for purposes of the SEC’s
executive compensation disclosure rules. Accordingly, we are required to provide a Summary Compensation Table and an Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year End Table, as well as limited narrative disclosures regarding executive compensation for our last completed fiscal
year. Further, our reporting obligations extend only to named executive officers (“NEOs”) which are the individuals who served
as principal executive officers and the next two most highly compensated executive officers at the end of the most recent fiscal year. Our
current NEOs were not appointed until 2025 and, therefore, did not have executive compensation for the year ended December 31,
2024. Our former Chief Executive Officer, Tim Pickett, was an NEO during 2024 and for part of 2025 until the appointment
of our current NEOs in August 2025. Summary
Compensation Table The
table below sets forth, for our last two fiscal years, the compensation of our officers. Name
and Principal Position Fiscal Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Stock Options ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) David Bailey, Chief Executive Officer 2025 $ 267,204 (1) $ 250,000 (2) $ 999,999 (3) $ – $ 55,715 (4) $ 1,572,918 2024 $ – $ – $ – $ – $ – $ – Tyler Evans, Chief Investment Officer 2025 $ 190,278 (5) $ 381,000 (6) $ 799,999 (3) $ – $ 55,715 (4) $ 1,426,992 2024 $ – $ – $ – $ – $ – $ – Amanda Fabiano, Chief Operating
Officer 2025 $ 179,032 (7) $ 753,125 (8) $ 5,499,998 (3)(9) $ – $ 86,893 (4) $ 6,519,048 2024 $ – $ – $ – $ – $ – $ – Tim Pickett, Chief Medical Officer 2025 $ 268,829 (10) $ 61,026 (11) $ 169,023 (12) $ 27,164 (13) $ 161,051 (14) $ 687,093 2024 $ 214,134 (10) $ 100,208 (11) $ 62,144 (12) $ 92,497 (13) $ 136,315 (14) $ 605,299 (1) Reflects the aggregate consulting fees actually paid to BTC Consulting,
LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Bailey (“BTC Consulting”), under the consulting agreement dated August 14, 2025, by and between
BTC Consulting and the Company (the “BTC Consulting Agreement”) pursuant to which Mr. Bailey serves as Chief Executive Officer
and provides strategic leadership services to the Company. The BTC Consulting Agreement provides that the Company shall pay BTC Consulting
an annual consulting fee of $700,000. 73 (2) BTC Consulting was eligible to receive and did receive a one-time signing
bonus in the amount of $250,000. In addition, BTC Consulting was eligible to receive an annual cash-based incentive bonus with a target
of up to $2,100,000, subject to performance metrics established by the Board and prorated for the partial year of service in 2025. BTC
Consulting agreed to forego any incentive compensation with respect to 2025. (3) On September 22, 2025, each of Messrs. Bailey and Evans and Ms. Fabiano
were awarded 751,879, 601,503, and 751,879 restricted stock units (“RSUs”), respectively. Messrs. Bailey and Evans RSUs time-vest
over a four (4) year period, with no vesting during the first twelve (12) months following August 15, 2025 (the “Cliff Period”),
and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs shall vest upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the remaining seventy-five percent
of the RSUs (75%) vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent thirty six (36) months, subject to their continued service
to the Company through each applicable vesting date. Ms. Fabiano’s RSUs time-vest over a three (3) year period, with no vesting
during the Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs shall vest upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the
remaining seventy-five percent (75%) of the RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent twenty four (24) months,
subject to Ms. Fabiano’s continued service to the Company through each applicable vesting date. (4) The amounts included in “All Other Compensation” includes certain
security protections we provide Messrs. Bailey and Evans and Ms. Fabiano. The amount shown represents the costs of personal and home security
services provided in 2025. (5) Reflects the aggregate base salary actually paid to Mr. Evans under his
employment agreement with the Company dated August 14, 2025 (the “Evans Employment Agreement”), pursuant to which he serves
as Chief Investment Officer. The Evans Employment Agreement provides that the Company shall pay Mr. Evans an annual salary of $500,000. (6) Mr. Evans was eligible to receive a one-time signing bonus in the amount
of $250,000. The first $125,000 installment of Mr. Evans’ signing bonus was paid in 2025 and the second installment of $125,000
will be paid in 2026 subject to Mr. Evans’ continued service through the payment date. In addition, Mr. Evans was eligible to receive
an annual cash-based incentive bonus with target levels up to $1,500,000 subject to performance metrics established by the Board and prorated
for the partial year of service in 2025. Mr. Evans received an incentive bonus in the amount of $256,000, $100,000 of which was paid in
the form of cash and the remainder was paid in the form of a fully vested restricted stock grant of 600,000 shares of Common Stock. Mr.
Evans agreed to forego any incentive compensation in excess of $256,000 with respect to 2025. (7) Reflects the aggregate consulting fees actually paid to Second Gate Advisory
LLC, an entity controlled by Amanda Fabiano (“Second Gate”), under the consulting agreement dated August 14, 2025, by and
between Second Gate and the Company (the “Second Gate Consulting Agreement”), pursuant to which Amanda Fabiano serves as Chief
Operating Officer. The Second Gate Consulting Agreement provides that the Company shall pay Second Gate an annual consulting fee of $450,000. (8) Second Gate was eligible to receive and did receive a one-time signing
bonus in the amount of $5,000,000, with $500,000 payable in cash and the remainder in RSUs. In addition, Second Gate was eligible to receive
an annual cash-based incentive bonus with target levels up to $675,000, subject to performance metrics established by the Board and prorated
for the partial year of service in 2025. Second Gate was awarded an incentive bonus in the amount of $253,125 for 2025. (9) On
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  September 22, 2025 Ms. Fabiano was awarded 3,383,458 RSUs that time-vest over a three (3) year period, with no vesting during the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs shall vest upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  remaining seventy-five percent (75%) of the RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent twenty four (24)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  months, subject to Ms. Fabiano’s continued service to the Company through each applicable vesting date. Notwithstanding the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  foregoing, the RSUs and shares subject thereto were contingent upon Ms. Fabiano causing Second Gate to assign or otherwise transfer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  certain business arrangements to the Company, which the Compensation Committee and the Board deemed satisfied on March 25,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2026. (10) Reflects
    the aggregate base salary actually paid to Mr. Pickett under his employment agreement with the Company dated September 15, 2023 (the
    “Pickett Employment Agreement”), pursuant to which he served as Chief Executive Officer until August 14, 2025. Since
    August 14, 2025, Mr. Pickett has served as Chief Medical Officer. (11) Mr.
    Pickett was eligible to receive a performance bonus payment, which includes semi-annual bonus payments equal to or greater than 12.5%
    of his base salary. Mr. Pickett was awarded a performance bonus in the amount of $100,208 for 2024 and $61,026 for 2025. (12) Mr.
    Pickett was eligible to receive grants of restricted stock of the Company equal to or greater than 50% of his annual base salary
    or such amounts determined by the Board. On December 31, 2024, Mr. Pickett received 17,858 shares of restricted stock. In addition,
    Wade Rivers, LLC, an entity that is beneficially owned by the Wade Rivers Trust, for which Mr. Pickett serves as investment trustee,
    received 32,258 shares of restricted stock on December 31, 2024. For 2025, Mr. Pickett received restricted stock awards of 28,780
    shares on May 12, 2025 and received restricted stock awards totalling 54,653 shares on September 22, 2025. In addition, Mr. Pickett
     received 37,593 RSUs on September 22, 2025 that time-vest over a four (4) year period, with no vesting during Cliff Period,
    and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs shall vest upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the remaining seventy-five
    percent of the RSUs (75%) vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent thirty six (36) months, subject to his continued
    service to the Company through each applicable vesting date. (13) Mr.
    Pickett was eligible to receive grants of incentive stock options (“ISOs”) equal to or greater than 10,000 ISOs, subject
    to annual review by the Board. On January 2, 2024, Mr. Pickett received 215 ISOs with an exercise price of $5.50; on July 31, 2024,
    received 30,000 ISOs with an exercise price of $1.90; on September 30, 2024, received 10,000 ISOs with an exercise price of $5.50;
    on September 30, 2024, received 2,787 ISOs with an exercise price of $3.00; and on December 31, 2024, received 3,342 ISOs with an
    exercise price of $1.36. In addition, Wade Rivers, LLC received 26,000 nonqualified stock options on July 31, 2024 with an exercise
    price of $1.90, and 5,049 nonqualified stock options on September 30, 2024 with an exercise price of $3.00. On May 12, 2025, Mr.
    Pickett received 7,479 ISOs with an exercise price of $4.29. The ISOs and nonqualified stock option awards are subject to vesting
    schedules that range from full vesting as of the grant date to vesting in equal monthly installments over a 36 month period (which
    are summarized below). (14) For
    2024, the amount included in “All Other Compensation” includes $131,441 for compensation paid to Wade Rivers, LLC, $3,357
    for reimbursement of vehicle expenses and $1,517 for healthcare reimbursement. For 2025, the amount included in “All Other
    Compensation” includes $141,140 for compensation paid to Wade Rivers, LLC, $14,262 for reimbursement of vehicle expenses and
    $5,649 for healthcare reimbursement. The
Company has health insurance benefits for our employees, including our executive officers. The Company does not have pension, annuity,
profit sharing or similar benefit plans at this time, but the Board may decide to enact such plans in the future. Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table Annual
Consulting Fees and Base Salary As of December 31, 2025, the annual consulting fee for BTC Consulting,
LLC, an entity controlled by David Bailey, under the BTC Consulting Agreement was $700,000 per year. As of
December 31, 2025, the annual base salary for Tyler Evans was $500,000. As of December 31, 2025, the annual consulting fee for Second Gate pursuant
to the Second Gate Consulting Agreement was $450,000 per year. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the annual base salary for Mr. Pickett was $275,600 and $265,000, respectively. Annual
Bonuses BTC
Consulting is eligible to receive an annual cash-based incentive bonus with a target of up to $2,100,000, subject to performance metrics
established by the Board and prorated for the partial year of service in 2025. BTC Consulting agreed to forego any incentive bonus with
respect to 2025. 74 Second
Gate is also eligible to receive an annual cash-based incentive bonus with a target of up to $675,000, subject to performance metrics
established by the Board and prorated for the partial year of service in 2025. Second Gate was awarded a cash bonus of $253,125 for 2025. Mr. Evans is also eligible to receive annual incentive compensation with
a target of up to $1,500,000, subject to performance metrics established by the Board and prorated for the partial year of service in
2025. The amount of the annual bonus awarded was $256,000, $100,000 of which was paid in the form of cash and the remainder was paid in
the form of a fully vested restricted stock grant of 600,000 shares of Common Stock. Mr. Evans agreed to forego any incentive bonus in
excess of $256,000 with respect to 2025. Mr. Pickett is eligible to receive a performance bonus payment, which includes semi-annual bonus payments equal to or greater than 12.5%
of his base salary. Mr. Pickett was awarded a bonus of $61,026 for 2025 and $100,208 for 2024. Equity
Compensation Awards On
September 22, 2025, David Bailey, Tyler Evans, Amanda Fabiano and Tim Pickett were awarded RSUs under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan
(hereinafter defined). The RSUs awarded to Messrs. Bailey and Evans and time-vest over a four (4) year period, with no vesting during
the Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs vest upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the remaining seventy-five
percent (75%) of the RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent thirty-six (36) months, subject to such NEO’s
continued service to the issuer through each applicable vesting date. The RSUs awarded to Ms. Fabiano time-vest over a three (3) year
period, with no vesting during the Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs vest upon completion of the Cliff
Period, with the remaining seventy-five percent (75%) of the RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent twenty-four
(24) months, subject to her continued service to the issuer through each applicable vesting date. With respect to 3,383,458 of the 4,135,337
RSUs held by Amanda Fabiano, the RSUs and shares subject thereto are contingent upon achievement of a performance goal, such that no
such RSUs or shares subject thereto vest until Ms. Fabiano has caused Second Gate, to assign or otherwise transfer certain business arrangements
to the issuer. On May 12, 2025, Mr. Pickett was awarded 28,780
shares of Common Stock and 7,479 stock options under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The stock options awarded to Mr. Pickett have an
exercise price of $4.29, became exercisable on September 1, 2025 and expire May 12, 2035. On September 22, 2025, Mr. Pickett was awarded
54,653 shares of restricted stock under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan and he also received 37,593 RSUs. The RSUs awarded to Mr. Pickett
time-vest over a four (4) year period, with no vesting during the Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs vest
upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the remaining seventy-five percent (75%) of the RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments
over the subsequent thirty-six (36) months, subject to his continued service to the issuer through each applicable vesting date. The restricted
stock was fully vested at the grant date. On January 2, 2024, Mr. Pickett was awarded
215 ISOs with an exercise price of $5.50 that fully time-vest on the six-month anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued
employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date, and expire on January 2, 2029. On July 31, 2024, Mr. Pickett was awarded
30,000 ISOs with an exercise price of $1.90, that time-vest over a two-year period in equal monthly installments, subject to continued
employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date and expire on July 31, 2029. On September 30, 2024, Mr. Pickett was
awarded 2,787 ISOs with an exercise price of $3.00 that time-vest over a three-year period in equal monthly installments, subject to
continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date and expire on September 30, 2029. On September 30, 2024, Mr.
Pickett also received 10,000 ISOs with an exercise price of $5.50 that were fully vested on the grant date and expire on September 30,
2029. On December 31, 2024, Mr. Pickett received 3,342 ISOs with an exercise price of $1.36 that were fully vested on the grant date
and expire on December 31, 2029. On July 31, 2024, Wade Rivers, LLC, an
entity that is beneficially owned by the Wade Rivers Trust, for which Mr. Pickett serves as an investment trustee, received 26,000 nonqualifed
stock options with an exercise price of $1.90, that time-vest over a two-year period in equal monthly installments, subject to continued
service to the Company through each applicable vesting date and expire on July 31, 2029. On September 30, 2024, Wade Rivers, LLC, received
5,049 nonqualified stock options with an exercise price of $3.00 that time-vest over a three-year period in equal monthly installments,
subject to continued service to the Company through each applicable vesting date and expire on September 30, 2029. Consulting
and Employment Agreements BTC
Consulting, LLC Consulting Agreement On
August 14, 2025, the Company entered into a BTC Consulting Agreement, pursuant to which Mr. Bailey will serve as Chief Executive Officer
and provide strategic leadership services to the Company. Under the terms of the BTC Consulting Agreement, BTC Consulting, LLC will receive
a monthly consulting fee of $58,333.33, be eligible for an annual cash-based incentive bonus with a target of up to $2,100,000, subject
to performance metrics established by the Board, and will receive an initial grant of 5,000,000 stock options. BTC Consulting, LLC will
also be eligible to receive an initial grant of restricted stock units valued at $1,000,000 and performance-based annual grants of restricted
stock with a target of up to $1,000,000, subject to performance metrics established by the Board, and both subject to vesting and other
customary terms. BTC Consulting, LLC is also eligible for a $250,000 signing bonus. The consulting agreement contains customary confidentiality,
intellectual property, and indemnification provisions, and may be terminated by either party in accordance with its terms. Severance The
BTC Consulting Agreement provides that in the event the consultant terminates their engagement for “resignation by consultant following
a material breach by Company” or we terminate “with a material breach by Company” (in each case defined in their consulting
agreement), they are entitled to receive the following benefits, subject to obligations regarding confidentiality and return of property:
(i) a lump sum payment equal to two (2) times the sum of consultant’s annual consulting fee and target incentive compensation,
for the year in which the termination date occurs; (ii) full acceleration of any then-unvested initial award of stock options, initial
restricted stock units and annual performance-based restricted stock units as of the termination date (provided that, for any performance-based
awards, any applicable performance-metrics are satisfied); and (iii) reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses incurred by consultant. In
the event BTC Consulting, LLC’s engagement is terminated by the Company for “material breach by consultant” or consultant
terminates their engagement by “resignation by consultant without material breach by Company,” subject to obligations regarding
confidentiality and return of property, they will be entitled to: (i) any accrued but unpaid consulting fees; and (ii) reimbursement
for unreimbursed business expenses incurred by consultant. The
BTC Consulting Agreement defines “material breach by consultant” to mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following:
(i) consultant’s willful misconduct, gross negligence, or material failure to perform consultants’ duties (other than any
such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); (ii) consultant’s material violation of any written
policy, code of conduct, or procedure of the Company; (iii) consultant’s commission of, or participation in, any act of fraud,
dishonesty, embezzlement, misappropriation, or other act of material misconduct with respect to the Company; (iv) consultant’s
indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, dishonesty,
or theft; (v) consultant’s material breach of the consulting agreement or any other written agreement with the Company, or consultant’s
breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company; or (vi) consultant’s unauthorized use or disclosure of any confidential or proprietary
information of the Company. 75 The
BTC Consulting Agreement defines “material breach by Company” to mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following,
subject to certain notice and cure rights: (i) a material reduction in the consulting fee; provided, however that a material reduction
in the consulting fee pursuant to a salary reduction and/or consulting fee reduction program affecting all or substantially all of the
employees and consultants of the company and that does not adversely affect consultant to a greater extent than other similarly situated
consultants shall not constitute material breach by Company; (iii) consultant being required to relocate the consultant’s principal
place of engagement to a location outside of Puerto Rico; or (iii) a material diminution of consultant’s authority, duties, or
responsibilities (other than during a suspension or investigation of grounds that may constitute material breach by consultant). Employment
Agreement with Tyler Evans On
August 14, 2025, the Company entered into the Evans Employment Agreement. Under the terms of the Evans Employment Agreement, Mr.
Evans will receive an annual base salary of $500,000, subject to review and adjustment by our Board from time to time, a one-time
sign-on bonus of $250,000 (payable in two equal installments, subject to clawback under certain circumstances), and will be eligible
for annual incentive compensation with a target of up to $1,500,000, subject to performance metrics established by the Board. Mr.
Evans will be eligible to receive an initial grant of 10,000,000 stock options and annual performance-based restricted stock units
valued at $800,000, subject to performance metrics established by the Board, both subject to vesting and other customary terms. The
Evans Employment Agreement contains customary confidentiality, non-compete, non-solicitation, and intellectual property provisions,
and may be terminated by either party in accordance with its terms. Severance The
employment agreement for Mr. Evans provides that in the event the executive terminates his employment for “good reason” or
we terminate his employment without “cause” (in each case defined in his employment agreement), he is entitled to receive
the following benefits, in addition to any accrued obligations and subject to his execution of a general release of claims in our favor
and obligations regarding non-competition, non-solicitation, return of property, and non-disparagement and the expiration of any applicable
expiration period with respect to the release: (i) amount equal to six (6) months of then-current annual salary, as of the termination
date, which shall be paid, in equal monthly installments in accordance with the Company’s general payroll practices; (ii) partial
acceleration of any then-unvested stock options and annual grants of performance-based restricted stock units as of the termination date
that would have vested during the six (6) month period immediately following the date of the termination date (provided that, for any
performance-based awards, any applicable performance-metrics are satisfied); (iii) any vacation accrued but unused as of the termination
date; and (iv) any annual salary earned but unpaid as of the termination date. In
the event Mr. Evans voluntarily resign other than for “good reason” or executive’s employment is terminated by us for
“cause,” subject to his execution of a general release of claims in our favor and obligations regarding non-competition,
non-solicitation, return of property, and non-disparagement and the expiration of any applicable expiration period with respect to the
release, he will be entitled to: (i) any vacation accrued but unused as of the termination date; and (ii) any annual salary earned but
unpaid as of the termination date. The
employment agreement for Mr. Evans defines “cause” to mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events, as determined in the sole discretion
of the Company: (i) executive’s willful misconduct, gross negligence, or material failure to perform the duties and responsibilities
of their position (other than as a result of physical or mental incapacity), after written notice from the Company and a reasonable opportunity
to cure, if curable; (ii) executive’s material violation of any written policy, code of conduct, or procedure of the Company; (iii)
executive’s commission of, or participation in, any act of fraud, dishonesty, embezzlement, misappropriation, or other act of material
misconduct with respect to the Company; (iv) executive’s indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to,
a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, dishonesty, or theft; or (v) executive’s material breach of the employment agreement
or any other written agreement with the Company, or executive’s breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company; or executive’s
unauthorized use or disclosure of any confidential or proprietary information of the Company. The
employment agreement for Mr. Evans defines “good reason” to mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i)
a material diminishment of executive’s job title; (ii) a material reduction by the Company in executive’s rate of annual
salary by more than ten percent (10%); or (iii) a material change in the geographic location of executive’s primary work facility
or location that is requested or initiated by the Company; provided, that a relocation of less than thirty (30) miles from executive’s
then present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location. Consulting
Agreement with Second Gate Advisory LLC On
August 14, 2025, the Company entered into the Second Gate Consulting Agreement. Under the terms of the Second Gate Consulting Agreement,
Second Gate Advisory LLC will receive a monthly consulting fee of $37,500, be eligible for an annual cash-based incentive bonus with
a target of up to 150% of the consulting fee, be eligible to receive an initial grant of restricted stock units valued at $1,000,000
and annual grants of performance-based restricted stock units with a target up to $1,000,000, subject to vesting and performance metrics
established by the Board. Second Gate Advisory LLC is also eligible for a signing bonus valued at $5,000,000, consisting of $500,000
in cash and $4,500,000 in Common Stock, subject to Second Gate Advisory LLC transitioning the revenue from Second Gate Advisory LLC to
the Company, vesting and other conditions. The Second Gate Consulting Agreement also contains customary confidentiality, intellectual
property, and indemnification provisions, and may be terminated by either party in accordance with its terms. Severance The
consulting agreement for Second Gate Advisory LLC provides that in the event the consultant terminates their engagement for “resignation
by consultant following a material breach by Company” or we terminate “with a material breach by Company” (in each
case defined in their consulting agreement), they are entitled to receive the following benefits, subject to obligations regarding confidentiality
and return of property: (i) a lump sum payment equal to one (1) times the sum of consultant’s annual consulting fee and target
incentive compensation (ii) partial acceleration of any then-unvested initial restricted stock units and annual performance-based restricted
stock units as of the termination date that would have vested during the twelve (12) month period immediately following the date of termination
(provided that, for any performance-based awards, any applicable performance-metrics are satisfied), and (iii) reimbursement for unreimbursed
business expenses incurred by consultant. In
the event Second Gate Advisory LLC’s engagement is terminated by the Company for “material breach by consultant” or
consultant terminates their engagement by “resignation by consultant without material breach by Company,” subject to obligations
regarding confidentiality and return of property, they will be entitled to: (i) any accrued but unpaid consulting fees; and (ii) reimbursement
for unreimbursed business expenses incurred by consultant. The
Second Gate Consulting Agreement defines “material breach by consultant” to mean the occurrence of any one or more of the
following: (i) consultant’s willful misconduct, gross negligence, or material failure to perform consultants’ duties (other
than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); (ii) consultant’s material violation of any
written policy, code of conduct, or procedure of the Company; (iii) consultant’s commission of, or participation in, any act of
fraud, dishonesty, embezzlement, misappropriation, or other act of material misconduct with respect to the Company; (iv) consultant’s
indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, dishonesty,
or theft; (v) consultant’s material breach of the consulting agreement or any other written agreement with the Company, or consultant’s
breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company; or (vi) consultant’s unauthorized use or disclosure of any confidential or proprietary
information of the Company. The
Second Gate Consulting Agreement defines “material breach by Company” to mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following,
subject to certain notice and cure rights: (i) a material reduction in the consulting fee; provided, however that a material reduction
in the consulting fee pursuant to a salary reduction and/or consulting fee reduction program affecting all or substantially all of the
employees and consultants of the company and that does not adversely affect consultant to a greater extent than other similarly situated
consultants shall not constitute material breach by Company; (iii) consultant being required to relocate the consultant’s principal
place of engagement to a location outside of Puerto Rico; or (iii) a material diminution of consultant’s authority, duties, or
responsibilities (other than during a suspension or investigation of grounds that may constitute material breach by consultant). 76 Employment
Agreement with Tim Pickett On
September 15, 2023, the Company entered into the Pickett Employment Agreement. Under the terms of the Pickett Employment Agreement, Mr.
Pickett’s initial base salary was $150,000 ($265,000 per year, upon the Company reaching funding of at least $3,000,000), which
increases annually by a minimum of four percent (4%) on the first anniversary of the effective date of the employment agreement and on
each subsequent anniversary thereafter, subject to an annual review by the Board. The Pickett Employment Agreement also provides for
(i) eligibility for $50,000 if the Company is publicly listed on Nasdaq; (ii) eligibility for a performance bonus payment, which includes
(a) semi-annual bonus payments equal to or greater than 12.5% of his base salary or such amounts determined by the Board, (b) grants
of restricted stock of the Company equal to or greater than 50% of annual base salary or such amounts determined by the Board, and (c)
grants of ISOs equal to or greater than 10,000 ISOs, subject to annual review by the Board; and (iii) an automobile leased by the Company
for and chosen by executive at cost up to $1,000 per month. On
November 11, 2024, the Pickett Employment Agreement was amended to provide that for 2024, Mr. Pickett will receive 2,787 stock options
in lieu of shares of restricted stock, subject to vesting conditions. On
May 12, 2025, the Pickett Employment Agreement was subsequently amended to (i) grant an additional 7,479 ISOs, subject to vesting conditions;
(ii) provide that all currently outstanding stock options and equity awards previously granted by the Company to Mr. Pickett remain exercisable
for one year following his last day of employment with the Company, subject to the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and any related
award agreements; (iii) affirmatively waive any right to any future equity or equity-based interests in the Company, Nakamoto Holdings,
Inc. or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates; and (iv) waive any claim to good reason (defined below) in connection with
the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement. On
August 14, 2025, the Pickett Employment Agreement was again amended to (i) change Mr. Pickett’s position to Chief Medical Officer;
(ii) provide for eligibility to receive a grant of performance-based restricted stock units in an amount equal to $50,000, subject approval
of the Board and vesting conditions; and (iii) provide that following the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Merger
Agreement, Mr. Pickett is eligible to participate in equity compensation programs and awards, subject to approval of the Board and the
terms and conditions of the applicable equity plan and award agreements. Severance The
employment agreement for Mr. Pickett provides that in the event the executive terminates his employment for “good reason”
or we terminate his employment without “cause” (in each case defined in his employment agreement), he is entitled to receive
the following benefits, subject to his execution of a general release of claims in our favor: (i) any base salary earned but unpaid as
of the termination date; (ii) any earned but unpaid incentive compensation as of the termination date; (iii) any earned but unpaid annual
performance bonus as of the termination date; (iv) any accrued but unused vacation pay as of the termination date; (v) reimbursement
for unreimbursed business expenses incurred by employee; (vi) a payment equal to two times (2x) employee’s annual base salary;
(vii) pro-rated incentive compensation, (viii) an amount equal to the sum of five (5) years of incentive compensation, performance payments
and stock options; and (ix) any then-unvested stock options and warrants outstanding as of the termination date vest in full and become
exercisable. In
the event Mr. Pickett voluntarily resign other than for “good reason” or executive’s employment is terminated by us
for “cause,” subject to his execution of a general release of claims in our favor, he will be entitled to: (i) any base salary
earned but unpaid as of the termination date; (ii) any earned but unpaid incentive compensation as of the termination date; (iii) any
earned but unpaid annual performance bonus as of the termination date; (iv) any accrued but unused vacation pay as of the termination
date; and (v) reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses incurred by employee. The
employment agreement for Mr. Pickett defines “cause” to mean: (i) executive’s willful failure to perform his duties
with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) which executive fails to correct
within fifteen (15) days of receiving written notice of the Board; (ii) executive wilfully engaging in illegal conduct or willful misconduct
which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company (except as it relates to federal cannabis laws); (iii) executive’s
conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a charge of commission of a felony; (iv) executive’s disclosure of confidential
information in violation of the Company’s written policies which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company which
Executive fails to correct within fifteen (15) days of receiving written notice of the Board; or (v) executive’s material willful
breach of the employment agreement which executive fails to correct within fifteen (15) days of receiving written notice of the Board. The
employment agreement for Mr. Pickett defines “good reason” to mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i)
any failure by the Company to comply with any of the compensation payments of the employment agreement (other than an isolated, insubstantial
and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and that is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice); (ii) any other
material breach of the employment agreement by the Company; (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with the compensation payments
of the employment agreement; or (iv) the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in his employment agreement). Consulting
Agreement with Wade Rivers LLC On
January 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Wade Rivers, LLC, an entity that is beneficially owned by The Wade
Rivers Trust, for which Mr. Pickett serves as an investment trustee (the “ Wade
Rivers Consulting Agreement ”). Under the terms of the Wade Rivers Consulting Agreement, Wade
Rivers, LLC will provide business consulting services to the Company and the Company will pay to Wade Rivers, LLC fees in an amount equal
to $10,000 per month. On
July 5, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Wade Rivers, LLC (the “Second Wade Rivers Consulting Agreement”).
Under the terms of the Second Wade Rivers Consulting Agreement, Wade Rivers, LLC will receive restricted stock of the Company in an amount
equal to $120,000 per year, payable not less than bi-annually, which will be reviewed annually and the amount may be changed in the sole
discretion of Board. On
January 1, 2024, the Second Wade Rivers Consulting Agreement was amended to provide for $11,000 per month to be paid by the Company to
Wade Rivers, LLC. On November 12, 2024, the Second Wade Rivers Consulting Agreement was subsequently amended to provide that for 2024,
Wade Rivers, LLC will receive 5,049 stock options in lieu of shares of restricted stock of the Company, subject to vesting conditions.
On July 1, 2024, the Second Wade Rivers Consulting Agreement was again amended to increase the monthly fees under the agreement to $12,000
per month. Effective as of August 31, 2025, the Second Wade Rivers Consulting Agreement was terminated. Change-in-Control
Agreements None of the BTC Consulting Agreement, the Evans Employment Agreement nor
the Second Gate Consulting Agreement contain provisions related to change of control of the Company. However, the RSUs granted to
our NEOs on September 22, 2025 and the RSUs granted to our directors on September 22, 2025, provide that in the event of a change in control
(as defined in the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan), all then unvested RSUs or stock options will accelerate and vest in full immediately prior
to such change in control. 77 Outstanding
Equity Awards The
following table sets forth the outstanding equity awards for our named executive officers as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Stock Awards Name and Principal Position (a) Grant Date Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable (b) Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable (c) Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised or unearned options (#) (d) Option exercise price ($) (e) Option expiration date (f) Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (1) (h) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) (j) David Bailey, Chief Executive Officer 9/22/2025 - - $ - 751,879 (2) $ 263,985 - $ - Tyler Evans, Chief Investment Officer 9/22/2025 - - $ - - 601,503 (2) $ 211,188 - $ - Amanda Fabiano, Chief Operating Officer 9/22/2025 - - - $ - - 751,879 (3) $ 263,985 - $ - 9/22/2025 - - - $ - - 3,383,458 (4) $ 1,187,932 - $ - Tim Pickett, Chief Medical Officer 9/22/2025 - - - $ - - 37,593 (2) $ 13,199 - $ - 5/12/2025 (5) 7,479 - - $ 4.29 5/12/2035 - $ - - $ - 12/31/2024 (6) 3,342 - - $ 1.36 12/31/2029 - $ - - $ - 9/30/2024 (7) 2,840 2,209 - $ 3.00 9/30/2029 - $ - - $ - 9/30/2024 (7) 1,567 1,220 - $ 3.00 9/30/2029 - $ - - $ - 9/30/2024 (7) 10,000 - - $ 5.50 9/30/2029 - $ - - $ - 7/31/2024 (8) 20,312 5,688 - $ 1.90 7/31/2029 - $ - - $ - 7/31/2024 (8) 23,437 6,563 - $ 1.90 7/31/2029 - $ - - $ - 1/02/2024 (9) 215 - - $ 5.50 1/02/2029 - $ - - $ - (1) Calculated
                                            based on the Company’s closing stock price of $0.3511 on December 31, 2025. (2) On
                                            September 22, 2025, each of Messrs. Bailey, Evans and Pickett were awarded 751,879, 601,503
                                            and 37,593 RSUs, respectively. The RSUs time-vest over a four (4) year period, with no vesting
                                            during the Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs vest upon completion
                                            of the Cliff Period, with the remaining seventy-five percent of the RSUs (75%) vesting in
                                            equal quarterly installments over the subsequent thirty six (36) months, subject to their
                                            continued service to the Company through each applicable vesting date. (3) On
                                            September 22, 2025, Ms. Fabiano received 751,879 RSUs that time-vest over a three (3) year
                                            period, with no vesting during the Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five percent (25%)
                                            of the RSUs shall vest upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the remaining seventy-five
                                            percent (75%) of the RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent twenty
                                            four (24) months, subject to Ms. Fabiano’s continued service to the Company through
                                            each applicable vesting date. (4) On
                                            September 22, 2025, Ms. Fabiano received a separate award of 3,383,458 RSUs that time-vest
                                            over a three (3) year period, with no vesting during the Cliff Period, and thereafter twenty-five
                                            percent (25%) of the RSUs vest upon completion of the Cliff Period, with the remaining seventy-five
                                            percent (75%) of the RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments over the subsequent twenty
                                            four (24) months, subject to Ms. Fabiano’s continued service to the Company through
                                            each applicable vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the RSUs and shares subject
                                            thereto are contingent upon Ms. Fabiano causing Second Gate, to assign or otherwise transfer
                                            certain business arrangements to the Company, which the Compensation Committee and the Board
                                            deemed satisfied on March 25, 2026. (5) On
                                            May 12, 2025, Mr. Pickett was awarded 7,479 stock options with an exercise price of $4.29
                                            that fully time-vest and become exercisable on September 1, 2025, subject to continued employment
                                            with the Company through the applicable vesting date. (6) On
                                            December 31, 2024, Mr. Pickett received 3,342 ISOs with an exercise price of $1.36 that were
                                            fully vested on the grant date. (7) On
                                            September 30, 2024, Mr. Pickett was awarded (i) 2,787 ISOs with an exercise price of $3.00
                                            that time-vest over a three-year period in equal monthly installments, subject to continued
                                            employment with the Company through each applicable vesting; and (ii) 10,000 ISOs with an
                                            exercise price of $5.50 that were fully vested on the grant date. In addition, Wade Rivers,
                                            LLC received 5,049 nonqualified stock options with an exercise price of $3.00 that time-vest
                                            over a three-year period in equal monthly installments, subject to continued service to the
                                            Company through each applicable vesting date. (8) On
                                            July 31, 2024, Mr. Pickett was awarded 30,000 ISOs with an exercise price of $1.90, that
                                            time-vest over a two-year period in equal monthly installments, subject to continued employment
                                            with the Company through each applicable vesting date In addition, Wade Rivers, LLC was granted
                                            26,000 nonqualifed stock options with an exercise price of $1.90, that time-vest over a two-year
                                            period in equal monthly installments, subject to continued service to the Company through
                                            each applicable vesting date. (9) On
                                            January 2, 2024, Mr. Pickett was awarded 215 ISOs with an exercise price of $5.50 that fully
                                            time-vest on the six-month anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment
                                            with the Company through each applicable vesting date. Option
Awards Granted in Close Proximity to Disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information From
time to time, we have and may continue to grant stock options to our employees, including our NEOs. The Compensation Committee considers,
in accordance with its charter and the Company’s Insider Trading Policy, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and corporate governance
guidelines, whether there is any material nonpublic information (“MNPI”) about us when determining the timing of stock option
grants and does not seek to time the award of stock options in relation to our public disclosure of MNPI. We have not timed the release
of MNPI for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. In
accordance with Item 402(x)(2) of Regulation S K, the following table provides information regarding stock option awards granted to our
NEOs during the last completed fiscal year within a period beginning four business days before and ending one business day after the
filing or furnishing of a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an Annual Report on Form 10-K, or a Current Report on Form 8-K that discloses
MNPI. 78 On
May 12, 2025, we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing that we entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May
12, 2025 (the “Nakamoto Merger Agreement”), by and among the Company, Kindly Holdco Corp, a Delaware corporation and a direct,
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), Nakamoto Holdings Inc, and Wade Rivers, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability
company (“Wade Rivers”). Stock options were granted to Mr. Pickett on May 12, 2025, which was within the period described
above. The options granted to Mr. Pickett were approved by the Board on May 12, 2025, and reflect awards that otherwise were intended
to be granted to Mr. Pickett in April of 2025 but were delayed. The stock options became exercisable on September 1, 2025, and expire
on May 12, 2035. The percentage change presented in the table below reflects the change in the closing market price of our Common Stock
from the trading day immediately prior to the disclosure of our entry into the Nakamoto Merger Agreement to the trading day immediately
following such disclosure, as required by Item 402(x)(2). Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying the Award (#) Exercise Price of the Award ($) Grant Date Fair Value of the Award ($) Percentage Change in the Closing Market Price of the Securities Underlying the Award Between the Trading Day Ending Immediately Prior to the Disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information and the Trading Day Beginning Immediately Following the Disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information (%)(1) Tim Pickett 05/12/2025 7,479 $ 4.29 $ 27,164 251.03 (1)
Reflects the change in the closing market price of the Company’s Common Stock from $3.90 on May 9, 2025 (the trading
day immediately prior to the disclosure of MNPI) to $13.69 on May 12, 2025 (the trading day immediately following such disclosure),
representing an increase of 251.03%. The MNPI was disclosed in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on May 12, 2025,
which reported the Company’s entry into the Nakamoto Merger Agreement. Non-Executive
Director Compensation Our
directors play a critical role in guiding our strategic direction and overseeing the management of our Company. Ongoing developments
in corporate governance and financial reporting have resulted in an increased demand for such highly qualified and productive public
company directors. The many responsibilities and risks and the substantial time commitment of being a director of a public company require
that we provide adequate incentives for our directors’ continued performance by paying compensation commensurate with our directors’
workload. Our directors are compensated based upon their respective levels of Board participation and responsibilities, including service
on Board committees. Our
director compensation is overseen by the Compensation Committee, which makes recommendations to our Board on the appropriate structure
for our director compensation program and the appropriate amount of compensation. Our Board is responsible for final approval of our
director compensation program and the compensation paid to our directors. Pre-Nakamoto
Merger Non-Executive Director Compensation Prior
to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Nakamoto Merger Agreement on August 14, 2025, each non-employee director, including
Amy Powell, Christian Robinson, and Gary Seelhorst, was entitled to receive an annual cash retainer of $12,000, annual awards of restricted
stock of the Company in an amount equal to $12,000, and annual awards of stock options equal to $12,000. Each
of Ms. Powell’s and Messrs. Robinson’s and Seelhorst’s director agreement was subsequently amended, as of May 12, 2025,
to (i) grant an additional 2,000 stock options, subject to vesting conditions; (ii) provide that all currently outstanding stock options
granted by the Company to each non-employee director remain exercisable for one year following their last day of service to the Company,
subject to the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (hereinafter defined) and any related award agreements; and (iii) affirmatively
waive any right to any future equity or equity-based interests in the Company, Nakamoto Holdings or any of their respective subsidiaries
or affiliates. Post-Nakamoto
Merger Non-Executive Director Compensation Following
the closing of the Nakamoto Merger, each of our non-employee directors, including Perianne Boring, Charles P. Blackburn, Greg Xethalis,
and Mark Yusko, receives an annual fee payable in cash. In addition, so that our non-employee directors have an ownership interest aligned
with our stockholders, each non-employee director also receives an annual grant of RSUs that vest on the first anniversary of the grant
date, subject to continued service. Chairs of our Board committees receive an additional annual fee for each committee on which they
serve. We also reimburse our directors for reasonable costs related to travel expenses and other out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection
with attendance at Board meetings. The Compensation Committee reviews the compensation of our non-employee directors on an annual basis.
Our non-employee director compensation program was last reviewed in August 2025. Our Compensation Committee has engaged an independent
compensation consultant and to makes recommendations to the Board with respect to any changes and to assist with the Compensation Committee’s
annual review of compensation of our non-employee directors. Our
director compensation program is summarized in the table below: Annual Cash Retainer $ 100,000 Annual Equity Grant Restricted stock units (target value) $ 150,000 Vesting Schedule One-year Cash Fee for Committee Members Non-Executive Chairman $ - Audit Committee Member $ - Compensation Committee Member $ - Governance Committee Member $ - Cash Fee for Committee Chairs Audit Committee Chair $ 25,000 Compensation Committee Chair $ 25,000 Governance Committee Chair $ 25,000 79 Director
Compensation Table The
following table sets forth the compensation earned and paid to each non-employee member of our Board for service as a director
during the fiscal year ending 2025. The compensation for David Bailey, our Chief Executive Officer, and Tim Pickett, our Chief
Medical Officer, are discussed above in Item 11. Executive Compensation and includes all compensation paid to David Bailey and BTC
Consulting for their services to the Company. Adam Cox, who also served as an executive director during 2025, did not receive any
additional compensation for his service as a director of the Company. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Option Awards ($) (1) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Charles (Chad) Blackburn (2) $ 47,715 $ 149,999 (3) $ — $ — $ 197,714 Perianne Boring (2) $ 38,172 $ 149,999 (3) $ — $ — $ 188,171 Greg Xethalis (2) $ 47,715 $ 149,999 (3) $ — $ — $ 197,714 Mark Yusko (2) $ 44,561 $ 149,999 (3) $ — $ — $ 194,560 Eric Weiss (2) $ 15,965 $ 149,999 (3) $ — $ — $ 165,964 Amy Powell (4) $ 14,000 (5) $ 6,113 (6) $ 9,389 (7) $ — $ 29,502 Christian Robinson (4) $ 7,000 $ 6,113 (6) $ 9,389 (7) $ — $ 22,502 Gary Seelhorst (4) $ 7,000 $ 6,113 (6) $ 9,389 (7) $ — $ 22,502 (1) These
                                            amounts represent the grant date fair value of time-based restricted stock unit and option awards granted
                                            by the Board, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. All awards are amortized
                                            over the vesting life of the award. For the assumptions used in our valuations, see Note
                                            11 of our notes to financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate number of RSUs and stock option awards outstanding held by our non-employee
directors were: Mr. Blackburn, 112,781; Ms. Boring, 112,781; Mr. Xethalis, 112,781; Mr. Yusko, 112,781; Mr. Weiss, 0; Ms. Powell, 3,925;
Mr. Robinson, 3,925; Mr. Seelhorst, 3,925. (2) Appointed
                                            as of August 14, 2025 in connection with the Nakamoto Merger. (3) Reflects 112,781 RSUs that vest on August 15, 2026, subject to such director’s
continued services on the Board of the Company through August 15, 2026. Mr. Weiss resigned from the Board effective as of September 29,
2025. The RSUs Mr. Weiss were awarded for his service on the Board were forfeited for no consideration in connection with his resignation. (4) Resigned
                                            as of August 14, 2025 in connection with the Nakamoto Merger. (5) Includes $7,000 for Ms. Powell under a consulting agreement with the Company.
The consulting agreement was terminated in August 2025. (6) Reflects
1,838 shares that were fully vested as of the grant date and issued for services rendered prior to April 1, 2025 and 2,371 shares that
were fully vested as of the grant date and issued for services prior to August 14, 2025. (7) Reflects (i) 2,000 stock options that vest only upon a change in control
of the Company (as defined in the Company’s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan), with an exercise price of $3.90 and an initial expiration
date of May 12, 2035, and (ii) 538 stock options exercisable as of May 12, 2025 at an exercise price of $5.50 and an initial expiration
date of May 12, 2035. Incentive
Stock Plans The
following summarizes the material terms of the equity incentive compensation plans in which our named executive officers and directors
are eligible to participate. 2025
Equity Incentive Plan On
May 18, 2025, the Board approved the Company’s 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2025 Equity Incentive Plan”), effective
upon the closing of the Nakamoto Merger. The 2025 Equity Incentive Plan was also approved by a majority of the Company’s stockholders
on May 18, 2025, in accordance with the requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market Listing Rules. Additionally, the grant of incentive stock
options under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan is subject to approval by a majority of the Company’s stockholders. The
Company uses the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan to grant incentive equity awards to its employees and service providers. The principal purpose
of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan is to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting
of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. The following description of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan
is based on the key terms and provisions in the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan; in the event of an inconsistencies between the 2025 Equity
Incentive Plan and this description, the terms and conditions of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan shall apply. 80 Share
Reserve. Under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, approximately ten percent (10%) of the shares of Company Common Stock as of
August 14, 2025 on an as converted basis were initially reserved for issuance pursuant to a variety of stock-based compensation
awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, or SARs, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards,
performance stock awards, performance stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards. The number of shares reserved for issuance
will be increased by, if approved by our Board or the Compensation Committee, an annual increase on the first day of each
fiscal year beginning in 2026 and ending in 2035, equal to the lesser of (A) 5% of the shares of stock outstanding on an as
converted and fully diluted basis on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, and (B) such smaller number of
shares of stock as determined by our Board; provided, however, that no more than shares of stock may be issued upon the exercise of
incentive stock options. The
following counting provisions will be in effect for the share reserve under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan: ● to
                                            the extent that an award terminates, expires or lapses for any reason or an award is settled
                                            in cash without the delivery of shares, any shares subject to the award at such time will
                                            be available for future grants under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan; ● to
                                            the extent shares are tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant, exercise price or tax withholding
                                            obligation with respect to any award under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, such tendered
                                            or withheld shares will be available for future grants under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan; ● to
                                            the extent that shares of Company Common Stock awarded by us are repurchased by us prior
                                            to vesting so that shares are returned to us, such shares will be available for future grants
                                            under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan; ● the
                                            payment of dividend equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards will not
                                            be counted against the shares available for issuance under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan;
                                            and ● to
                                            the extent permitted by applicable law or any exchange rule, shares issued in assumption
                                            of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards of any entity acquired in any form of
                                            combination by us or any of our subsidiaries will not be counted against the shares available
                                            for issuance under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. The
2025 Equity Incentive Plan includes limits with respect to non-employee directors. A non-employee director shall not receive total compensation
for any fiscal year of the Company that exceeds $750,000. For this purpose total compensation is the sum of the grant date fair value
of any equity or equity-based awards granted to such non-employee director during such fiscal year, and the amount of cash fees or awards
payable to such non-employee director in respect of such service during any fiscal year, including any such amounts that are voluntarily
deferred by the non-employee director. Administration. The Compensation Committee administers the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan unless our Board assumes authority for administration. The Compensation
Committee must consist of at least three members of our Board, each of whom is intended to qualify as a “non-employee director”
for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and an “independent director” within the meaning of the rules
of the Nasdaq Global Market, or other principal securities market on which shares of Company Common Stock are traded. The 2025
Equity Incentive Plan provides that the Board or the Compensation Committee may delegate its authority to grant awards to employees other
than executive officers and certain senior executives of our company to a committee consisting of one or more members of our Board or
one or more of our officers, other than awards made to our non-employee directors, which must be approved by our full Board. Subject
to the terms and conditions of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, the administrator has the authority to select the persons to whom awards
are to be made, to determine the number of shares to be subject to awards, and the terms and conditions of awards, and to make all other
determinations and to take all other actions necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. The administrator
is also authorized to adopt, amend, or rescind rules relating to administration of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. Our Board may at any
time remove the Compensation Committee as the administrator and rest in itself the authority to administer the 2025 Equity Incentive
Plan. The full Board administers the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan with respect to awards to non-employee directors. Eligibility. Options,
SARs, restricted stock, performance stock, and all other stock-based awards under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan may be granted to
individuals who are then our officers, employees, or consultants or are the officers, employees, or consultants of certain of our
subsidiaries. Such awards also may be granted to our directors. Only employees of our company or certain of our subsidiaries may be
granted incentive stock options, or ISOs. 81 Awards. The
2025 Equity Incentive Plan provides that the administrator may grant or issue stock options, SARs, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance stock, performance stock units, other stock-based awards, and dividend equivalents, or any combination
thereof. Each award sets forth in a separate agreement with the person receiving the award and indicates the type, terms, and
conditions of the award. ● Nonstatutory
                                            Stock Options, or NSOs, provide for the right to purchase shares of our common stock at a
                                            specified price which may not be less than fair market value on the date of grant, and usually
                                            become exercisable (at the discretion of the administrator) in one or more installments after
                                            the grant date, subject to the participant’s continued employment or service with us
                                            and/or subject to the satisfaction of corporate performance targets and individual performance
                                            targets established by the administrator. NSOs may be granted for any term specified by the
                                            administrator that does not exceed ten years. ● Incentive
                                            Stock Options, or ISOs, are designed in a manner intended to comply with the provisions of
                                            Section 422 of the Tax Code and are subject to specified restrictions contained in the
                                            Tax Code. Among such restrictions, ISOs must have an exercise price of not less than the
                                            fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant, may only be granted to
                                            employees, and must not be exercisable after a period of ten years measured from the
                                            date of grant. In the case of an ISO granted to an individual who owns (or is deemed to own)
                                            at least 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our capital stock, the
                                            2025 Equity Incentive Plan provides that the exercise price must be at least 110% of the
                                            fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant and the ISO must not be
                                            exercisable after a period of five years measured from the date of grant. ● Restricted
                                            Stock and Performance Stock may be granted to any eligible individual and made subject to
                                            such restrictions as may be determined by the administrator, which in the case of performance
                                            stock includes performance-based restrictions. Restricted stock and performance stock, typically,
                                            may be forfeited for no consideration or repurchased by us at the original purchase price
                                            if the conditions or restrictions on vesting are not met. In general, such stock may not
                                            be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions are removed or expire. Recipients of
                                            restricted stock and performance stock, unlike recipients of options, have voting rights
                                            and have the right to receive dividends, if any, prior to the time when the restrictions
                                            lapse, however, extraordinary dividends will generally be placed in escrow, and will not
                                            be released until restrictions are removed or expire. ● Restricted
                                            Stock Units and Performance Stock Units may be awarded to any eligible individual,
                                            typically without payment of consideration, but subject to vesting conditions based on continued
                                            employment or service or on performance criteria established by the administrator. Like restricted
                                            stock and performance stock, such units may not be sold, or otherwise transferred or hypothecated,
                                            until vesting conditions are removed or expire. Unlike restricted stock and performance stock,
                                            stock underlying such units are not issued until the units have vested, and recipients of
                                            units generally have no voting or dividend rights prior to the time when vesting conditions
                                            are satisfied. ● Stock
                                            Appreciation Rights, or SARs, may be granted in connection with stock options or other awards,
                                            or separately. SARs granted in connection with stock options or other awards typically provide
                                            for payments to the holder based upon increases in the price of Company Common Stock over
                                            a set exercise price. The exercise price of any SAR granted under the 2025 Equity Incentive
                                            Plan must be at least 100% of the fair market value of a share of Company Common Stock on
                                            the date of grant. There are no restrictions specified in the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan
                                            on the exercise of SARs or the amount of gain realizable therefrom, although restrictions
                                            may be imposed by the administrator in the agreements. SARs under the 2025 Equity Incentive
                                            Plan are settled in cash or shares of Company Common Stock, or in a combination of both,
                                            at the election of the administrator. ● Other
                                            Stock-Based Awards are awards of fully vested shares of Company Common Stock and other awards
                                            valued wholly or partially by referring to, or otherwise based on, shares of our Company
                                            Common Stock. Other stock-based awards may be granted to participants and may also be available
                                            as a payment form in the settlement of other awards, as standalone payments, and as payment
                                            in lieu of base salary, bonus, fees, or other cash compensation otherwise payable to any
                                            individual who is eligible to receive awards. The plan administrator determines the terms
                                            and conditions of other stock-based awards, which may include vesting conditions based on
                                            continued service, performance, and/or other conditions. ● Dividend
                                            Equivalents represent the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid on shares
                                            of Company Common Stock and may be granted alone or in tandem with awards other than stock
                                            options or SARs. Dividend equivalents are credited as of dividend payment dates during the
                                            period between a specified date and the date such award terminates or expires, as determined
                                            by the plan administrator. Any
award may be granted as a performance award, meaning that the award is subject to vesting and/or payment based on the attainment of specified
performance goals. 82 Change
in Control. In the event of a change in control where the acquirer does not assume or replace awards granted prior
to the consummation of such transaction, awards issued under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan may be subject to accelerated vesting in
the discretion of the administrator, such that 100% of such awards will become vested and exercisable or payable, as applicable. In addition,
the administrator will also have complete discretion to structure one or more awards under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan to provide
that such awards will become vested and exercisable or payable on an accelerated basis in the event such awards are assumed or replaced
with equivalent awards, including in such circumstances where the individual’s service with us or the acquiring entity is subsequently
terminated within a designated period following the change in control event. The administrator may also make appropriate adjustments
to awards under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan and is authorized to provide for the acceleration, cash-out, termination, assumption,
substitution, or conversion of such awards in the event of a change in control or certain other unusual or nonrecurring events or transactions.
Under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, a change in control is generally defined as: ● the
                                            transfer or exchange in a single transaction or series of related transactions by our stockholders
                                            of more than 50% of our voting stock to a person or group; ● a
                                            change in the composition of our Board such that incumbent directors cease to constitute
                                            a majority of the board; ● the
                                            consummation of a merger, consolidation reorganization or business combination, a sale or
                                            disposition of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets or the acquisition
                                            of assets or stock of another entity, other than a transaction (i) that results in our
                                            outstanding voting securities immediately before the transaction continuing to represent
                                            a majority of the voting power of the acquiring company’s outstanding voting securities;
                                            (ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns 50% or more of the outstanding
                                            voting securities of the surviving entity immediately after the transaction; and (iii) after
                                            which at least a majority of the board of the successor entities were board members at the
                                            time of the approval of the transaction; or ● our
                                            liquidation or dissolution. Adjustments
of Awards. In the event of any stock dividend or other distribution, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization,
combination, or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, recapitalization, repurchase, or any other corporate event
affecting the number of outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or the share price of our Company Common Stock that would require
adjustments to the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan or any awards under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan in order to prevent the dilution or
enlargement of the potential benefits intended to be made available thereunder, the administrator will make appropriate, proportionate
adjustments to: ● the
                                            aggregate number and type of shares subject to the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan; ● the
                                            number and kind of shares subject to outstanding awards and terms and conditions of outstanding
                                            awards (including, without limitation, any applicable performance targets or criteria with
                                            respect to such awards); and ● the
                                            grant or exercise price per share of any outstanding awards under the 2025 Equity Incentive
                                            Plan. Amendment
and Termination. The administrator may terminate, amend, or modify the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan at any time and
from time to time. However, we must generally obtain stockholder approval to the extent required by applicable law, rule, or regulation
(including any applicable stock exchange rule). Notwithstanding the foregoing, an option may be amended to reduce the per share exercise
price below the per share exercise price of such option on the grant date and options may be granted in exchange for, or in connection
with, the cancellation or surrender of options having a higher per share exercise price without receiving additional stockholder approval. Termination. The Board may terminate the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan at any time. No awards, including incentive stock options, may be granted
pursuant to the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan after the 10 th anniversary of the effective date of the 2025 Equity Incentive
Plan, and no additional annual share increases to the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan’s aggregate share limit will occur from and
after such anniversary. Any award that is outstanding on the termination date of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan will remain in force
according to the terms of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreement. 83 As
of March 23, 2026, a total of 137,636,299 shares of Common Stock are reserved for awards under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. As
of March 23, 2026, a total of 40,872,722 shares of Common Stock remain available for issuance under the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. 2022
Equity Incentive Plan On
October 10, 2022, the Company’s stockholders and Board approved the 2022 Incentive Stock Plan (the “2022 Equity Incentive
Plan”). The principal purpose of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan is to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants
and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. The following description of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan is
based on the key terms and provisions in the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan; in the event of an inconsistencies between the 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan and this description, the terms and conditions of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan shall apply. Share
Reserve. Under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, approximately 150,000 shares of Common Stock were initially reserved for issuance
(which has subsequently been increased to 1,217,866 shares) pursuant to a variety of stock-based compensation awards, including stock
options, restricted stock awards, stock awards, and performance shares. The number of shares reserved for issuance will be increased
by, if approved by our Board or the Compensation Committee of our Board, an annual increase, equal to the lesser of (A) 4% of the shares
of stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, and (B) such smaller number of shares of stock as determined
by our Board. Administration. The Board administers the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan unless it delegates any or all powers with respect to the 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan to the Compensation Committee. The 2022 Equity Incentive Plan provides that the
Board may delegate to a committee consisting of two or more members of our Board. Subject
to the terms and conditions of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, the administrator has the authority to select the persons to whom awards
are to be made, to determine the number of shares to be subject to awards, and the terms and conditions of awards, and to make all other
determinations and to take all other actions necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The administrator
is also authorized to adopt, amend, or rescind rules relating to administration of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. Our Board may at any
time remove the Compensation Committee as the administrator and rest in itself the authority to administer the 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan. Eligibility. Options, restricted stock, and all other stock-based awards under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan may be granted to individuals who
are then our officers, employees, or consultants or are the officers, employees, or consultants. Such awards also may be granted to our
directors. Only employees of our company may be granted incentive stock options, or ISOs. Awards. The 2022 Equity Incentive Plan provides that the administrator may grant or issue stock options, SARs, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance stock, performance stock units, other stock-based awards, and dividend equivalents, or any combination thereof.
Each award sets forth in a separate agreement with the person receiving the award and indicates the type, terms, and conditions of the
award. ● Nonstatutory Stock Options (“NSOs”), provide for
the right to purchase shares of our common stock at a specified price which may not be less than fair market value on the date of grant,
and usually become exercisable (at the discretion of the administrator) in one or more installments after the grant date, subject to
the participant’s continued employment or service with us and/or subject to the satisfaction of corporate performance targets and
individual performance targets established by the administrator. NSOs may be granted for any term specified by the administrator that
does not exceed ten years. ● Incentive Stock Options (“ISOs”), are designed
in a manner intended to comply with the provisions of Section 422 of the Tax Code and are subject to specified restrictions contained
in the Tax Code. Among such restrictions, ISOs must have an exercise price of not less than the fair market value of a share of common
stock on the date of grant, may only be granted to employees, and must not be exercisable after a period of ten years measured from the
date of grant. In the case of an ISO granted to an individual who owns (or is deemed to own) at least 10% of the total combined voting
power of all classes of our capital stock, the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan provides that the exercise price must be at least 110% of the
fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant and the ISO must not be exercisable after a period of five years measured
from the date of grant. ● Restricted stock and performance shares may be granted to any
eligible individual and made subject to such restrictions as may be determined by the administrator, which in the case of performance
shares includes performance-based restrictions. Restricted stock and performance shares, typically, may be forfeited for no consideration
or repurchased by us at the original purchase price if the conditions or restrictions on vesting are not met. In general, such stock
may not be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions are removed or expire. Recipients of restricted stock and performance shares,
unlike recipients of options, have voting rights and have the right to receive dividends, if any, prior to the time when the restrictions
lapse, however, extraordinary dividends will generally be placed in escrow, and will not be released until restrictions are removed or
expire. ● Other Stock-Based Awards are awards of fully vested shares
of Common Stock and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or otherwise based on, shares of our Common Stock. Other
stock-based awards may be granted to participants and may also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other awards, as standalone
payments, and as payment in lieu of base salary, bonus, fees, or other cash compensation otherwise payable to any individual who is eligible
to receive awards. The plan administrator determines the terms and conditions of other stock-based awards, which may include vesting
conditions based on continued service, performance, and/or other conditions. 84 Any
award may be granted as a performance award, meaning that the award is subject to vesting and/or payment based on the attainment of specified
performance goals. Change
of Control. In the event of a change of control the administrator is authorized to take such action as it determines to be necessary
or advisable, and fair and equitable to participants and the Company, with respect to an outstanding award in the event of a change of
control or similar event. Upon
the occurrence of a change of control and unless otherwise provided in an award agreement with respect to a particular award: (i) all
outstanding stock options become immediately exercisable in full, subject to any appropriate adjustments in the number of shares subject
to the stock option and the option price, and remain exercisable for the remaining option period, regardless of any provision in the
related award agreement limiting the exercisability of such stock option or any portion thereof for any length of time; (ii) all outstanding
performance shares with respect to which the applicable performance period has not been completed will be paid out as soon as practicable
as follows: (a) all performance objectives applicable to the award of performance shares shall be deemed to have been satisfied to the
extent necessary to earn one hundred percent (100%) of the performance shares covered by the award; (b) the applicable performance period
will be deemed to have been completed upon occurrence of the change of control; (c) the payment to the participant in settlement of the
performance shares will be the amount determined by the administrator, in its sole discretion, or in the manner stated in the award agreement,
as multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months of the applicable performance period that have
elapsed prior to occurrence of the change of control, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the original performance
period; and (iv) upon the making of any such payment, the award agreement as to which it relates will be deemed terminated and of no
further force and effect; and (iii) all outstanding shares of restricted stock with respect to which the restrictions have not lapsed
will be deemed vested, and all such restrictions will be deemed lapsed and the restriction period ended. Under
the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, a change of control is generally defined as: ● the adoption of a plan of merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other corporation or association as a result of which the holders of the voting capital stock of the Company as a group would
receive less than 50% of the voting capital stock of the surviving or resulting corporation; ● the approval by the board of an agreement providing for the
sale or transfer (other than as security for obligations of the Company) of substantially all the assets of the Company; or ● in the absence of a prior expression of approval by the board,
the acquisition of more than 20% of the Company’s voting capital stock by any person within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the
Act (other than the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the
Company). Adjustments
of Awards. In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, a reorganization or reclassification of Common Stock, or any other change
in the structure of the shares of Common Stock affecting the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock or the share price of our Common
Stock that would require adjustments to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan or any awards under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, the administrator
will make appropriate, proportionate adjustments to: ● the aggregate number and type of shares subject to the 2022
Equity Incentive Plan; ● the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding awards
and terms and conditions of outstanding awards (including, without limitation, any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect
to such awards); and ● the grant or exercise price per share of any outstanding awards
under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. Amendment
and Termination. The administrator may terminate, amend, or modify the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan at any time and from time to time.
However, we must generally obtain stockholder approval to the extent required by applicable law, rule, or regulation (including any applicable
stock exchange rule). Notwithstanding the foregoing, an option may be amended to reduce the per share exercise price below the per share
exercise price of such option on the grant date and options may be granted in exchange for, or in connection with, the cancellation or
surrender of options having a higher per share exercise price without receiving additional stockholder approval. 85 Termination. The Board may terminate the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan at any time. No awards, including incentive stock options, may be granted
pursuant to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan after the 10 th anniversary of the effective date of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan,
and no additional annual share increases to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan’s aggregate share limit will occur from and after such
anniversary. Any award that is outstanding on the termination date of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan will remain in force according to
the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreement. As
of March 23, 2026, a total of 436,504 shares of Common Stock remain available for issuance under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. Equity
Award Grant Policies and Practices In
accordance with Item 402(x) of Regulation S-K, the Company’s policy on a go-forward basis will be to grant equity awards, including
stock options and SARs, at times that are not proximate to the release of material nonpublic information. The Compensation Committee
of the Board intends to schedule meetings to approve equity awards in advance and without regard to the timing of the release of earnings
or other material nonpublic information. The Company does not intend to time the granting of equity awards to take advantage of any material
nonpublic information. If
equity awards ultimately are granted at a time when the Company is in possession of material nonpublic information, such awards will
only be made after careful consideration is given by the Compensation Committee, and the good-faith rationale and legitimate business
reasons for the timing of making the award are documented in the Committee’s minutes. The Company does not intend to have a practice
of coordinating the timing of equity award grants with the release of material nonpublic information, and any such coincidence would
be incidental. The
exercise price of all stock options and SARs shall be set at the closing price of the Common Stock on the date preceding the date of
the grant, which is the date the Compensation Committee approves the award. The Company does not and will not have a policy or practice
of retroactively selecting grant dates or of granting equity awards with exercise prices that are based on a date other than the actual
grant date. ITEM
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS The
following table shows certain information with respect to all of our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2025: Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options and awards (a) Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding stock options and awards (b) Number of securities remaining available for issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders: 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (1)(2) 15,656,055 $ - 21,856,173 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (3) 292,769 $ 3.54 431,216 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders - - - Total (4) 15,948,824 $ 0.06 22,287,389 (1) The
                                            number of shares remaining available for future issuance under the 2025 Equity Incentive
                                            Plan will be increased, subject to approval by the Board or the Compensation Committee, by
                                            an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning in 2026 and ending in 2035,
                                            equal to the lesser of (A) 5% of the shares of stock outstanding on an as converted and fully
                                            diluted basis on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, and (B) such smaller
                                            number of shares of stock as determined by the Board; provided, however, that no more than
                                            shares of stock may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. (2) All
                                            shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding awards are RSUs, which have no exercise price. (3) The
                                            number of shares remaining available for future issuance under the 2022 Equity Incentive
                                            Plan will be increased, subject to approval by the Board or the Compensation Committee, by
                                            an annual increase equal to the lesser of (A) 4% of the shares of stock outstanding on the
                                            last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, and (B) such smaller number of shares
                                            of stock as determined by our Board. (4) The
                                            weighted-average exercise price includes 15,656,055 shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding
                                            awards of RSUs, which have no exercise price. Excluding these awards of RSUs, the weighted-average
                                            exercise price would be $3.54. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The
following table sets forth information pertaining to “beneficial ownership” (as defined below) of our Common Stock as of
March 23, 2026, by (i) individuals or entities known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of our Common Stock, (ii) each
director and director nominee, (iii) our executive officers, and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group. The table below
is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and principal stockholders and Schedule 13Gs and 13Ds filed with the SEC. The
number of shares “beneficially owned” by a given stockholder is determined under SEC Rules, and the designation of ownership
set forth below is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. In general, the beneficial ownership as set forth below
includes shares over which a director, director nominee, principal stockholder, or executive officer has sole or shared voting or investment
power and certain shares which such person has a vested right to acquire, under stock options or otherwise, within 60 days of March 23,
2026. The
beneficial ownership percentages set forth in the table below are based on 690,018,254 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding
as of March 23, 2026. Unless otherwise indicated in the table below, the business address of each of the following is 300 10 th Ave South, Nashville, Tennessee 37203. 86 Name of Beneficial Owner Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percentage of Shares Named Executive Officers and Directors David Bailey (1) 119,361,200 17.30 % Teri Gendron — — Tyler Evans (2) 46,274,500 6.47 % Amanda Fabiano — — Andrew Creighton (3) 4,810,471 * % Tim Pickett (4) 3,117,266 * % John Dalton — — Charles P. Blackburn — — Perianne Boring — — Greg Xethalis — — Mark Yusko 2,100,000 * % All Current Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (11 persons) 175,663,437 24.49 % Greater than 5% Stockholders Calli Bailey (5) 98,885,800 14.33 % David Bailey (1) 119,361,200 17.30 % * Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent. (1) Includes (i) 96,283,791 shares of Common Stock received in connection with
the BTC Merger, (ii) 11,916,837 shares of Common Stock received in connection with the UTXO Merger, and (iii) 11,160,572 shares of Common
Stock received in connection with the Nakamoto Merger. Of such shares, 108,200,628 shares of common stock are subject to lock-up agreements
with the Company. (2) Includes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (i) 5,925,156 shares of Common Stock received in connection with the BTC Merger, (ii) 11,916,837 shares of Common Stock received in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  connection with the UTXO Merger, (iii) 2,232,114 shares of common stock received in connection with the Nakamoto Merger, (iv)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  178,571 shares of Common Stock purchased in connection with the PIPE Financings; (v) 25,421,822 stock options exercisable for shares of Common
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Stock assumed in connection with the BTC Merger and (vi) 600,000 shares of Common Stock granted to Mr. Evans as a fully vested
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  restricted stock award pursuant to the Evans Employment Agreement. Of such shares, 17,841,993 shares of Common Stock are subject to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  lock-up agreements with the Company. (3) Includes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (i) 2,232,114 shares of common stock received in connection with the Nakamoto Merger, (ii) 892,857 shares of Common Stock purchased
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  in connection with the PIPE Financings; and (v) 1,685,500 stock options exercisable for shares of Common Stock assumed in connection with the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  BTC Merger. (4) Includes (i) 153,678 shares of Common Stock held directly by Tim Pickett,
(ii) 50,022 stock options owned by Tim Pickett exercisable within 60 days, (iii) 2,886,744 shares of Common Stock owned by Wade Rivers,
an entity that is beneficially owned by The Wade Rivers Trust, for which Mr. Pickett serves as an investment trustee; and (iv) 26,822
stock options owned by Wade Rivers, exercisable within 60 days. (5) Includes 98,863,702 shares of common stock received in connection with
the BTC Merger, all of which are subject to lock-up agreements with the Company. ITEM
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence SEC
rules require us to disclose any transaction since the beginning of our last fiscal year and for the two fiscal years preceding our last
fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction in which we are a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed
$120,000 and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A related person is any executive officer,
director, nominee for director, or holder of 5% or more of our Common Stock, or an immediate family member of any of those persons. 87 The
Company has transactions with related parties, including officers, directors, and their affiliates. The transactions are conducted in
the ordinary course of business and are generally on terms no less favorable than those available to unrelated third parties. The
Company reimburses officers and directors for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred in the course of performing their duties for
the Company. The Company also provides certain officers and directors with health insurance, retirement benefits, and other fringe benefits. BTC
Merger Agreement On
February 16, 2026, the Company exercised its call option (the “Nakamoto Option”) to acquire BTC Inc, under that certain Master
Marketing Services Agreement, by and between Nakamoto Holdings, BTC Inc, and the other parties thereto, dated May 12, 2025 (the “BTC
MSA”), which was assigned to and assumed by the Company pursuant to that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Novation,
dated August 14, 2025, by and between the Company, Nakamoto Holdings and BTC Inc (the “Assignment Agreement”). Under
the Assignment Agreement, the Company agreed that in connection with the exercise of both (i) the Nakamoto Option and (ii) BTC Inc’s
call option (the “BTC Option”) to acquire UTXO and UTXO Management, under that certain Master Marketing Services Agreement
by and among BTC Inc, UTXO, and the other parties thereto, dated May 12, 2025, the Company would issue shares of Common Stock, to the
Sellers (as defined in the BTC MSA) and that the per share price of such shares of Common Stock would be $1.12. Concurrently
with the exercise of the Nakamoto Option, the Company entered into the BTC Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the BTC Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into BTC Inc, with BTC Inc surviving the merger as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Board unanimously approved the Company’s entry into
the BTC Merger Agreement. On
February 20, 2026, the Company consummated the transactions contemplated by the BTC Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the BTC Merger Agreement,
at the closing of the BTC Merger (the “BTC Closing”), (a) all issued and outstanding shares of common stock of BTC Inc, par
value $0.00005 per share, and preferred stock of BTC Inc, par value $0.00005 per share, were, collectively, converted into the right
to receive 259,886,237 shares of Common Stock ( the “BTC Merger Shares”), and (b) the Company reserved 78,427,012 shares
of Common Stock for issuance in connection with fully-vested BTC stock options assumed by the Company (“BTC Stock Options”
together with BTC Merger Shares, the “BTC Consideration”). Based
on the closing price of Common Stock of $0.248 on February 19, 2026 (the day prior to the BTC Closing), the aggregate value of the shares
of Common Stock issued or issuable as BTC Consideration, net of aggregate strike prices for the BTC Stock Options, is equal to approximately
$75,065,352. The shares of Common Stock issued as BTC Consideration will bear customary legends and transfer of such shares will be subject
to certain restrictions, including those in the form of lock-up agreements entered into with the Company (the “Lock-Up Agreements”. Pursuant
to the BTC Merger Agreement, 24,835,418 shares of Common Stock were withheld from the BTC Consideration and will be available to offset
any post-closing adjustments to the BTC Consideration and to support indemnification obligations (the “BTC Holdback Shares”).
Certain stockholders of BTC will receive their pro rata portions of the BTC Holdback Shares subject to the conditions in and in accordance
with the BTC Merger Agreement. As
of the BTC Closing, each BTC Stock Option that was outstanding immediately prior to the BTC Closing, whether or not then vested or exercisable,
was assumed by the Company and was accelerated, fully-vested and automatically converted into an option to acquire shares of Common Stock. Each
such BTC Stock Option as so assumed and converted (after such conversion, an “Assumed Option”) continues to have the same
terms and conditions as applied to the BTC Stock Option immediately prior to the BTC Closing, except that, as of the BTC Closing, each
such Assumed Option will constitute an option to acquire that number of whole shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (A) the
number of shares of BTC common stock subject to such BTC Stock Option immediately prior to the BTC Closing multiplied by (B) the exchange
ratio of 137, at an exercise price per share of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the exercise price per share
of such BTC Stock Option by (y) the exchange ratio of 137. 88 The
conversion is designed to preserve the economic value of each BTC Stock Option while converting them into shares of Common Stock. The
adjustment ensures that the total cost to exercise the Assumed Options remains the same as it was under the original BTC Stock Options. In
connection with the BTC Closing, (a) Mr. Bailey, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, received 107,068,147 shares of
Common Stock as his pro rata portion of the BTC Merger Shares (inclusive of BTC Holdback Shares) (b) Mr. Evans, our Chief Investment
Officer, received 6,588,809 shares of Common Stock as his pro rata portion of the BTC Merger Shares (inclusive of BTC Holdback Shares),
and (c) Ms. Calli Bailey, who became an affiliate of the Company upon the BTC Closing (together, with Tyler Evans and David Bailey, the
“Nakamoto Affiliates”), received 109,937,024 shares of Common Stock as her pro rata portion of the BTC Merger Shares (inclusive
of BTC Holdback Shares). Each of the Nakamoto Affiliates signed a Lock-Up Agreement restricting the shares of Common Stock they received
as BTC Merger Shares at the BTC Closing, as further described below. In
connection with the Company’s assumption of BTC Stock Options, (a) Tyler Evans will be eligible to receive 25,421,822 shares of
Common Stock upon exercise of fully vested BTC Stock Options held by Evans and (b) Andrew Creighton, the Company’s Chief Commercial
Officer, will be eligible to receive 1,685,500 shares of Common Stock upon exercise of fully vested BTC Stock Options held by Andrew
Creighton. During
2025, the Company incurred approximately $1,263,906 included in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of
Income with BTC Inc under a marketing and services agreement in which BTC Inc provides marketing and other administrative support. As
of December 31, 2025, $570,152 was owed to BTC Inc. UTXO
Merger Agreement On
February 16, 2026, BTC Inc exercised the BTC Option to acquire UTXO. In order to more efficiently effectuate the closing of the transactions
contemplated by the BTC Option and the Nakamoto Option, UTXO, BTC Inc and the Company agreed to effect the transactions contemplated
by the exercise of the BTC Option and Nakamoto Option through the simultaneous acquisition of UTXO and BTC Inc by the Company. Accordingly,
concurrently with BTC Inc’s exercise of the BTC Option, the Company entered into the UTXO
Merger Agreement.
Pursuant to the UTXO Merger Agreement, UTXO Merger Sub will merge with and into UTXO, with UTXO surviving the merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. The Board unanimously
approved the Company’s entry into the UTXO Merger Agreement. Contemporaneously
with the BTC Closing, the UTXO Merger closed pursuant to the UTXO Merger Agreement (the “UTXO Closing” and together with
the BTC Closing, the “Closing”). At the UTXO Closing, all issued and outstanding equity interests of UTXO were converted
into the right to receive 26,481,860 shares of Common Stock (the “UTXO Consideration”). Based on the closing price of Common
Stock of $0.248 on February 19, 2026 (the day prior to the UTXO Closing), the value of the UTXO Consideration is equal to approximately
$6,567,501. The shares of Common Stock issued as UTXO Consideration will bear customary legends and transfer of such shares will be subject
to certain restrictions, including those in the Lock-Up Agreements. Pursuant
to the UTXO Merger Agreement, 2,648,186 shares of Common Stock were withheld from the UTXO Consideration and will be available to offset
any post-closing adjustments to the UTXO Consideration and to support any indemnification obligations (the “UTXO Holdback Shares”).
The UTXO equityholders will receive their pro rata portion of the UTXO Holdback Shares subject to conditions in and in accordance with
the UTXO Merger Agreement. In
connection with the UTXO Closing, (i) Mr. Bailey, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, received 13,240,930 shares of
Common Stock as his pro rata portion of the UTXO Consideration (inclusive of UTXO Holdback Shares) and (ii) Mr. Evans, our Chief Investment
Officer, received 13,240,930 shares of Common Stock as his pro rata portion of the UTXO Consideration (inclusive of UTXO Holdback Shares). 89 BTC
Inc and UTXO Lock-Up Agreements In
connection with the Mergers, certain equityholders of BTC Inc and UTXO will enter into Lock-Up Agreements. Under the Lock-Up Agreements, such holders will agree that, (i) during the period commencing
at the Closing and ending on the date that is six (6) months after the Closing, they will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, contract
to sell, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of, or engage in any hedging or derivative transactions with respect
to 50% of the shares of Common Stock received in the applicable Merger (other than, in the case of UTXO, the BTC Inc and UTXO Holdback
Shares) (or any securities issuable upon exercise, vesting or settlement of an option, warrant, restricted stock award, restricted stock
unit of either BTC Inc, UTXO, or the Company), and will not make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the registration
of such securities, and (ii) during the period commencing at the Closing and ending on the date that is twelve (12) months after the
Closing, they will be subject to the foregoing restrictions with respect to the remaining 50% of such securities, in each case subject
to customary permitted transfers (including transfers to affiliates, family members and trusts for estate planning purposes, to charitable
organizations, and pursuant to will or intestacy), provided that any permitted transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the Lock-Up
Agreement for the remainder of the applicable restricted period. Nakamoto
Holdings Merger Agreement On
August 14, 2025, the Company consummated the Nakamoto Merger, including the merger of Merger Sub with and into Nakamoto Holdings,
with Nakamoto Holdings surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The consideration for the Merger consisted of
approximately 22.3 million shares of Common Stock, to be issued to Nakamoto Holdings shareholders. In connection with the Merger,
the Company also entered into private placement subscription agreements associated with the PIPE Financings.  The gross proceeds were approximately $540.0 million before deducting
placement agent fees and other offering expenses. The net proceeds from the PIPE Financings have been used to acquire Bitcoin,
which positioned us to implement our Bitcoin treasury strategy, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. On May 12,
2025, we also agreed to issue a secured convertible debenture in the principal amount of $200.0 million to YA II PN, Ltd. (the
“Convertible Debt Transaction”). The Merger and PIPE Financings closed on August 14, 2025 and the Convertible Debt
Transaction closed on August 15, 2025. Registration
Rights Agreements In
connection with the Nakamoto Merger, the Company entered into that certain Registration Rights Agreement (the “RRA”) with
the stockholders of Nakamoto Holdings (the “Nakamoto Stockholders”) pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to
certain limitations set forth therein, certain holders of Common Stock have customary demand registration rights and the Company is obligated
to prepare and file a registration statement registering the offer and sale of all of their Common Stock. In addition, Mr. David Bailey,
the Chief Executive Officer and chairman of the Company, has the right to require the Company pursuant to the RRA, subject to certain
limitations set forth therein, to effect a distribution of any or all of their shares of Common Stock by means of an underwritten offering.
The Company is not obligated to effect any underwritten offering unless the dollar amount of Mr. Bailey’s registrable securities
is reasonably likely to result in gross sale proceeds of at least $25 million. The RRA also provides the Nakamoto Stockholders with certain
customary piggyback registration rights. These registration rights are subject to certain conditions and limitations, including the right
of the underwriters to limit the number of shares to be included in a registration or offering and the Company’s right to delay
or withdraw a registration statement under certain circumstances. 90 Indemnification
Agreements On
August 14, 2025, the Company entered into a standard form of indemnification agreement (the “Indemnification Agreements”)
with each of Perianne Boring, Tim Pickett, Mark Yusko, Greg Xethalis, Charles Blackburn, David Bailey, Eric Weiss, in connection with
the Closing. The Indemnification Agreements provide, among other things, that the Company will indemnify each of the directors under
the circumstances and to the extent provided for therein, for certain expenses they may be required to pay in connection with certain
claims to which they may be made a party by reason of their position as a director of the Company, and otherwise to the fullest extent
permitted under Utah law and the Company’s governing documents. In connection with the Closing, the Company also entered into Indemnification
Agreements with Tyler Evans, Andrew Creighton, Kyle Simon, and Amanda Fabiano on substantially the same terms as the foregoing. The Indemnification
Agreement is identical in all material respects to the indemnification agreements entered into with other Company directors. PIPE
Investments On
August 14, 2025, the Company completed the PIPE Financings. The Acquired Securities were issued
in a private placement in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation
D promulgated thereunder and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. In
connection with the Closing, certain directors and executive officers of the Company also participated in the PIPE Financings on the
same terms as the other PIPE Subscribers. Mark Yusko, Tyler Evans, and Andrew Creighton participated in the PIPE Financings. Specifically,
Mark Yusko, a member of the Board, agreed to purchase and received 2,100,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock; Tyler Evans,
the Company’s Chief Investment Officer, agreed to purchase and received 178,571 shares of the Company’s Common Stock; and
Andrew Creighton, the Company’s Chief Commercial Officer, agreed to purchase and received 892,857 shares of the Company’s
Common Stock. The purchases by Messrs. Yusko, Evans, and Creighton were made for investment purposes and on terms no more favorable than
those applicable to the other PIPE Subscribers. Consulting
and Employment Agreements The
information included in Item 11 under the heading “ Consulting and Employment Agreements ” is incorporated herein by
reference. Treasury
B.V. Investment On
September 4, 2025, Nakamoto Holdings made a minority investment in Treasury B.V. (“Treasury”), a private limited
liability company under the laws of the Netherlands (the “Minority Investment”). In connection with the Minority
Investment, Nakamoto Holdings entered into a Private Deed of Issuance (the “Private Deed”) by and among Treasury,
Stichting Administratiekantoor Treasury, a foundation under the laws of the Netherlands (“Stichting”), and Nakamoto
Holdings, pursuant to which Treasury agreed to issue to Stichting 1,363,027 (the “Issuance”) ordinary shares of
Treasury, par value EUR 0.01 (the “Shares”), in exchange for €12,835,870.08 (approximately $15.0 million). In
connection with the Issuance, Stichting issued 1,363,027 depositary receipts, representing each of the Shares, to Nakamoto Holdings
in exchange for a subscription price of approximately €9.42 (approximately $10.98) per depositary receipt, for an aggregate of
€12,835,870.08 (approximately $15.0 million) to be paid directly to Treasury by Nakamoto Holdings in USD Coin
(USDC). Following
the Minority Investment, Treasury intends to list on a European exchange. As a condition to the Minority Investment, Nakamoto Holdings
was required to deliver a customary lock-up agreement to Treasury, pursuant to which Nakamoto Holdings agreed not to sell, transfer,
pledge, assign, lend, grant any option over or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any securities of ListCo (“ListCo
Securities”) received by Nakamoto Holdings in exchange for the depositary receipts, for a 90-day period pursuant to a phased release
of the ListCo Securities, commencing on the effective date of listing on the exchange. In
connection with the contemplated Reverse Listing, Treasury entered into (i) a definitive agreement for the purchase of Bitcoin Decentralized
B.V., a private company with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands (“Bitcoin BV”), and (ii) a media services
and licensing agreement with BTC Media LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company (“BTC Media,” and (i) and (ii) collectively
with the Minority Investment, the “Transaction”). Both agreements were negotiated on an arm’s length basis and the
Minority Investment was not a condition to the closing of either agreement. The
Audit Committee approved the Minority Investment pursuant to the Company’s Related Person Transaction Policy because (a) at the
time of the Minority Investment, BTC Inc was not a subsidiary of the Company and (b) (i) both Bitcoin BV and BTC Media are affiliates
of BTC Inc, and (ii) David Bailey, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board was an officer, director and
equityholder of BTC Inc; Tyler Evans, the Company’s Chief Investment Officer, was an officer, director and equityholder of BTC
Inc; and Andrew Creighton, the Company’s Chief Commercial Officer, was an officer and equityholder of BTC Inc. 91 Metaplanet
Investment On
September 9, 2025, Nakamoto Holdings made a commitment to purchase up to $30 million of shares of common stock of Metaplanet
Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Japan, (TSE: 3350) (OTC: MTPLF) (“Metaplanet”), in connection with Metaplanet’s
previously announced international equity financing (the “International Offering”). Nakamoto
Holdings paid a purchase price of approximately $3.75 per share for a total of 8,000,000 shares of Metaplanet’s common stock
(the “Metaplanet Stock”). The International Offering closed on September 17, 2025. No separate share purchase agreement
or subscription document was required to be signed by the Company in connection with its commitment. The
Audit Committee approved the $30 million investment pursuant to the Company’s Related Person Transaction Policy. This approval
was required because David Bailey, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, serves on the advisory board
of Metaplanet; Tyler Evans, the Company’s Chief Investment Officer, is a director of Metaplanet; and Mark Yusko, a director of
the Company, is a director of Metaplanet. In
Q1 2026, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of its Metaplanet Stock for approximately $11.1 million. ITEM
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The
following table shows the fees billed for the applicable prior year audits of the Company’s consolidated financial statements and
for other services rendered by accountants in the years 2025 and 2024. Lead Audit Firm 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 295,000 $ 93,311 Audit-related fees (2) - - Tax fees (3) - - All other fees (4) - - Total: $ 295,000 $ 93,311 The
aggregate total of accounting fees was $295,000 in 2025 compared to $93,311 in 2024. (1) Fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company’s annual financial statements and review of financial
statements included in our Form 10-Qs, and for services that are normally provided by the accountants in connection with regulatory
filings or engagements. The lead audit firm in both 2025 and 2024 was Sadler, Gibb & Associates (the “Lead Audit
Firm”). The 2025 aggregated audit fee total was $295,000 compared to $93,311 in 2024. (2)
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our consolidated financial statements, such as fees for the adoption of new accounting standards. The Company did not incur
any audit-related fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. (3)
Tax fees consist of fees for tax filing, preparation and tax advisory services. The Lead Audit Firm did not charge the Company any
tax fees for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. In both 2025 and 2024, independent firms prepared the tax returns
and provided additional consulting required for state and federal compliance. The Company did not incur any audit-related fees for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. (4)
The Company did not incur any all other fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures Pursuant
to the charter of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee must pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit and tax services that may
be provided by our independent auditors. During 2025 and 2024, all services provided by the Lead Audit Firm were pre-approved by the
Audit Committee. The
Audit Committee may also delegate to one or more subcommittees the authority to approve any audit or permitted non-audit and tax services
to be provided to us by our independent auditors. Auditor
Independence The
Audit Committee has considered whether the provision of the services rendered for non-audit matters is compatible with maintaining auditor
independence and concluded that auditor independence was not impaired by performing such work for the Company, where applicable. 92 PART
IV ITEM
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibits See
the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this Registration Statement, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit
    Number Description 1.1 Sales Agreement, dated August 26, 2025, by and among the Company and TD Securities (USA) LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., B. Riley Securities, Inc., The Benchmark Company, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of Cohen & Company Securities, LLC, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Needham & Company, LLC and Yorkville Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company’s Form S-3, filed with the SEC on August 26, 2025). 2.1‡^ Merger Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2025). 2.2+‡ UTXO Merger Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2026). 2.3+‡ BTC Merger Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2026). 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of December 17, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 21, 2026). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment, dated as of January 16, 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 21, 2026). 3.3 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 21, 2026) 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 21, 2026). 4.1* Description of Securities. 4.2 Form of Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form S-3, filed with the SEC on August 26, 2025). 10.1 First Addendum to Warrant Agent Agreement, dated May 6, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2025). 10.2 Form of Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2025). 10.3 Form of Lock-up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2025). 10.4 Form of Equity PIPE Subscription Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2025, by and between Kindly and certain investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2025). 93 10.5‡ Marketing Services Agreement, dated May 12, 2025, by and between Nakamoto Holdings, Inc. and BTC Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2025). 10.6*# Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Tim Pickett dated September 15, 2023. 10.7# Addendum to Executive Employment Agreement with Tim Pickett dated May 12, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 16, 2025). 10.8^ Form of Equity PIPE Subscription Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2025, by and between Kindly and certain investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 20, 2025). 10.9† Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2025, by and among Kindly MD, Inc. and the stockholders of Nakamoto Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.10† Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2025, by and among Kindly MD, Inc., Nakamoto Holdings, Inc. and BTC Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.11† Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2025, by and between Kindly MD, Inc., BTC Inc. and certain subsidiaries of Kindly MD, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.12† Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant of Kindly MD, Inc., issued as of August 14, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.13 Form of Kindly MD Inc.’s Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.14# Addendum to Executive Employment Agreement with Tim Pickett, dated August 14, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.15# Consulting Agreement, by and between BTC Consulting, LLC and Kindly MD, Inc., dated August 14, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.16# Employment Agreement, by and between Tyler Evans and Kindly MD, Inc., dated August 14, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.17# Employment Agreement, by and between Andrew Creighton and Kindly MD, Inc., dated August 14, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 94 10.18# Consulting
    Agreement, by and between Second Gate Advisory LLC and Kindly MD, Inc. dated August 14, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.18 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 10.19 Private
    Deed, dated as of September 4, 2025, by and among Treasury, Stichting, and Nakamoto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
    the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 5, 2025). 10.20 Loan
    Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2025, among KindlyMD and Two Prime Lending Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 3, 2025). 10.21# Employment
    Agreement with Teresa Gendron, dated December 8, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 8, 2025). 10.22# Employment
    Agreement with John Dalton, dated December 8, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 8, 2025). 10.23 Master
    Loan Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2025, among Nakamoto Holdings Inc. and Payward Interactive, Inc. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 9, 2025). 10.24 First
    Amendment to the Master Loan Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2026, by and between Nakamoto Holdings, Inc. and Payward Interactive,
    Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February
    2, 2026). 10.25 Form
    of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
    SEC on February 17, 2026). 10.26# Kindly MD Inc.’s 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 filed with Kindly MD Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on September 12, 2025). 10.27# Kindly
    MD Inc.’s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 9, 2024) 14.1 Amended
    and Restated Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of Kindly MD, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2025). 19.1†‡ Amended
    and Restated Insider Trading Policy of Kindly MD, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 to the Company’s Current
    Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 21.1* Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1* Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 97.1 Amended
    and Restated Clawback Policy of Kindly MD, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025). 31.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101
    INS* Inline
    XBRL Instance Document 101
    SCH* Inline
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101
    CAL* Inline
    XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101
    DEF* Inline
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101
    LAB* Inline
    XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 101
    PRE* Inline
    XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104* Cover
    Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) *
Filed herewith. #
Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. †
Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted because they are not material and are the type of information
that the Company treats as private or confidential. +
The annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant
hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the Commission upon request. ‡
Certain schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally
a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request. ^
Certain personally identifiable information has been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. 95 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. By: /s/ David Bailey Name: David Bailey Title: Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Title Date /s/
    David Bailey Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman March
    30, 2026 (Principal
    Executive Officer) /s/
    Teresa Gendron Chief
    Financial Officer March
    30, 2026 (Principal
    Financial Officer) /s/
    John Dalton Chief
    Accounting Officer March
    30, 2026 (Principal
    Accounting Officer) /s/
    Charles Blackburn Director March
    30, 2026 /s/
    Perianne Boring Director March
    30, 2026 /s/
    Tim Pickett Director March
    30, 2026 /s/
    Greg Xethalis Director March
    30, 2026 /s/
    Mark Yusko Director March
    30, 2026 96

