TICKER: NEGG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Suppliers – Our Proprietary
Products We us the following principal suppliers
to manufacture the components in the products we develop and assemble: • Friend of Health (Chuzhou) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. • IMD Beijing Medical equipment Co, Ltd • China Medical Equipment Co. Ltd • C&D
                                                                                                                                  (Beijing)
                                                                                                                                  Co.,
                                                                                                                                  Ltd. • China National Electronic Device Corp. We believe the components provided by
our suppliers are widely available and do not anticipate that we will be unable to obtain these components from other suppliers
in the event our principal suppliers are unable or unwilling to supply us. We provide the technical specifications and files needed
for our suppliers to manufacture components. We purchase the same components from a wide variety of suppliers. We outsource the production of some of
our oxygen concentrators and air compressors to Friend of Health under production agreements. We provide the technical specifications
and files needed for Friend of Health to manufacture these proprietary products. We provide separately outsourced core parts to
Friend of Health to incorporate into the components they assemble and distribute for us. We test and approve each part produced
by Friend of Health before they begin mass production. We require Friend of Health to maintain minimum supplies of our proprietary
products and components for use in our proprietary products, and we permit them to sell our proprietary products only in Chuzhou.
Friend of Health delivers products to us on credit, and we are required to make payment within 45 days after the date of delivery.
Friend of Health is the only supplier that also assembles and distributes finished proprietary products for us. Assembly of Our Proprietary Products After our research and development team
designs the technical specifications and computer models for our proprietary products, we typically work with an independent contractor
to fabricate working prototypes before we commence with the production run of a product. We test prototypes to confirm that they
operate as expected and with the quality we require. During the prototyping process, we apply for SFDA approval as necessary.
Once both of these processes are completed, we commission a production run of components for assembly into our proprietary products. We depend on component and product manufacturing
and logistical services provided by third parties. All of our proprietary products are manufactured in whole or in part by a variety
of third-party manufacturers. While these arrangements may lower operating costs, they also reduce our direct control over production.
It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products or services, or on our flexibility
to respond to changing conditions. We maintain a 32,000 square foot product
center in Changping Science Park in Beijing. This product center contains our research and development area and our assembly facilities.
Final assembly of our products is currently performed in this facility by our 37 employees in assembly and by some of our external

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, such as Friend of Health. Currently, the supply and manufacture of many critical components is performed by sole-sourced
third-party vendors in China. Proprietary Rights for Our Proprietary Products We are developing a portfolio of intellectual
property rights in China to protect the technologies, inventions and improvements that we believe are significant to our business
in China. We have two practical patents issued in China for oxygen concentrators. We have five design patents related to our CPAP
devices (2), portable sleep screening (2) and diagnostic services (1). In addition, we obtained 9 software copyrights to
our C-arm X-Ray machine (1), CPAP machine (5), air compressor (1) and air concentrator (2). Moreover, we possess proprietary technology
and know-how in assembly processes, design and engineering. We have not filed for any patent protection outside of China. To protect
our brand name recognition, we have registered the brand name “Dehaier” for trademark protection in China. Our success in the medical equipment industry
depends in substantial part on effective management of both intellectual property assets and infringement risks. In particular,
we must be able to protect our own intellectual property as well as minimize the risk that any of our proprietary products may
infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. 4 We enter into agreements with all our
employees involved in research and development, under which all intellectual property generated during their employment belongs
to us, and they waive all relevant rights or claims to such intellectual property. All our employees involved in research and
development are also bound by a confidentiality obligation and have agreed to disclose and assign to us all inventions conceived
by them during their term of employment. We believe that we have successfully established
our brand in China. We have registered trademarks in China for the Dehaier name and logo used on our own-brand products. As part
of our overall strategy to protect and enhance the value of our brand, we actively enforce our registered trademarks against any
unauthorized use by a third party. Our Distributed Products Our management believes that our distributed
products, which are generally more expensive than products from Chinese companies, tend to be more attractive to larger city hospitals
and more affluent healthcare facilities and other end-users for whom perceived quality is a significant factor in deciding which
products to purchase. While we believe that the quality of our proprietary products is also strong, we understand that some consumers
in China associate more well-known international brands with higher quality than they associate with domestically produced brands. We serve as a significant distributor
in China for several foreign producers of medical devices and sleep respiratory and oxygen therapy products, including IMD, Timesco,
HEYER, eVent and GCE. We believe this extensive platform allows us to be responsive to local market demand. We distribute medical
devices and sleep respiratory and oxygen therapy products for these companies. Medical Devices • Mobile Medical X-Ray Image Devices. We
                                                                  provide two types of X-ray machines developed by other companies:
                                                                  the IMD Radius Series mobile and C-armed X-ray machine and the
                                                                  IMD Compact Series mobile-X-ray machine. • Medical Ventilators. We provide one type
                                                                  of ventilator developed by another company: the Inspiration
                                                                  Ventilators from eVent. The Inspiration Series of medical ventilators
                                                                  mechanically move breathable air to and from the lungs to support
                                                                  breathing support for patients who are physically unable to
                                                                  breathe or who are breathing insufficiently. • Anesthesia Machines . We provide two types
                                                                  of anesthesia machines developed by other companies: the Nakomat
                                                                  and Modular models from HEYER. These machines are used by anesthesiologists
                                                                  to support the administration of anesthesia. These machines
                                                                  administer a precise and continuous supply of anesthetic gases
                                                                  and vapors to the patient at accurate and safe pressure and
                                                                  flow levels. These machines maintain a continuous, closed-loop
                                                                  control over the pressure of gas within a patient’s respiratory
                                                                  system according to the selected pressure input. In addition,
                                                                  these machines feature a modular design for mobility and ease
                                                                  of maintenance, cleaning and disinfection. • Ultrasonic Nebulizers. We provide one type
                                                                  of ultrasonic nebulizer developed by another company: the Cumulus
                                                                  model from HEYER. These devices are used to treat patients with
                                                                  respiratory disease such as asthma, bronchitis and pneumonia.
                                                                  The ultrasonic nebulizers convert low viscosity liquid drug
                                                                  into fine like particles so that the particles can reach to
                                                                  infectious area in the respiratory tract. Our distributed model,
                                                                  the Cumulus, is the only model in the market to effectively
                                                                  treat infection in the lower respiratory tract area. • Laryngoscopes . We provide three types of laryngoscopes
                                                                  developed by other companies: the Optima, Optima XL and Eclipse
                                                                  lines of laryngoscopes from Timesco. Laryngoscopes are flexible
                                                                  lighted tubes that are used to look at the inside of the larynx.
                                                                  Anesthesiologists make use of laryngoscopes to assist with intubation
                                                                  in surgery. Sleep Respiratory and Oxygen Therapy Products • Oxygen Valve. We offer a high-flow oxygen
                                                                  device named EASE from Gas Control Equipment Corp. It can be
                                                                  connected with a portable oxygen tank or medical gas pipeline
                                                                  system to deliver high flows of oxygen to patients with minimal
                                                                  breathing resistance. In addition, it helps to deliver high-flow,
                                                                  minimal resistance oxygen to patients. This device effectively
                                                                  increases the degree of blood oxygen saturation and accelerates
                                                                  the recovery of cell functions when patients experience severe
                                                                  hypoxia. Our Relationships with Suppliers of Our Distributed
Products While we develop, assemble, market and
sell our proprietary products, we also serve as the distributor for a number of international companies looking to sell their
brands of products in China. We are a distribution agent for some or all products marketed in China by IMD (Italy), Timesco (UK),
HEYER (Germany), eVent (USA) and GCE (Sweden). In this capacity, we are responsible for sales, marketing and after-sale services
of these products. 5 We sign agency agreements with these international
suppliers annually with the aim of settling marketing promotion modes, costs, product training and resolution of customer service
issues. The agency agreements cover purchasing price, purchasing intervals, order quantity, transportation and type of payment,
spare part supply and after-sale service terms. We negotiate renewal of these agency agreements as they expire to confirm ongoing
distributor expectations. We seek to enlarge the scope of products
we are able to sell as agent for these companies and constantly try to identify competitive suppliers and products on the international
market to assist them with marketing and selling their products in China. Principal Suppliers – Our Distributed
Products In addition to the products we design, we distribute products
designed and manufactured by the following companies: • IMD (Italy) • Timesco (UK) • HEYER (Germany) • eVent (USA) • GCE (Sweden) The exact products from these suppliers
are available only from such suppliers; however, we believe that we will be able to obtain similar products from other suppliers
in the event our principal suppliers are unable or unwilling to supply us. Our Service Centers We maintain a 24-hour customer service
center in Beijing for technical support and repair. We staff our customer service center with senior technical support engineers
who provide preliminary support. Our engineers attempt to quickly diagnose and assist in repairing problems over the phone, or
determine whether a service visit to the customer’s premises is necessary. In some instances, our engineers will provide
on-site operating guidance and repair service. We periodically review customer calls to ensure that any issues raised by our customers
are resolved to their satisfaction. Customers We have three categories of customers:
(i) distributors, (ii) hospitals and government agencies and (iii) individual consumers to whom we sell directly. Our customer
base is widely dispersed on both a geographic and revenues basis. Our distributors. Sales
to our distributors make up the substantial majority of our revenues as over 90% of our sales are to distributors. Based on the
expected use of products sold to distributors, we estimate that they sell approximately 60% of our products to hospitals, 20%
to clinics and 10% to individuals. As a result, we estimate that approximately 67% of our products (on a revenue basis, rather
than unit basis) are sold to hospitals, approximately 21% to clinics and approximately 12% to individuals. We have contractual
distribution relationships with over 2,000 independent distributors. We do not own, employ or control these independent distributors. Hospital and governmental agency
customers. Our hospital and governmental agency customers primarily include hospitals as well as provincial level
public health bureaus and population and family planning bureaus. We also refer to these customers as our “Key Accounts.”
These customers typically place large volume orders that are awarded based on bids submitted by competing medical equipment companies
through a state-owned bidding agent. Individual consumers. We
sell our home respiratory therapy products directly to consumers through our customer experience centers, or “CECs”,
and plan to sell through third-party E-commerce platforms. Dependence on Major Customers. For
the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, approximately 13% of the Company’s revenues were received from each of two customers. Concentration of Receivables . At
December 31, 2011, receivables from two customers were approximately 12% and 10%, respectively. No customer represented more than
10% of amounts receivable at December 31, 2012. Dependence on Major Suppliers. At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, payables due to three suppliers were approximately 34%, 33%, 19% and 50%, 8%, 6%, respectively. 6 Competition The medical device industry is characterized
by rapid product development, technological advances, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary information. Across
all product lines and product tiers, we face direct competition from both domestic and international competitors. We compete based
on factors such as price, value, customer support, brand recognition, reputation, and product functionality, reliability and compatibility.
Each of our proprietary products competes against functionally similar products from domestic and international companies. Our competitors include publicly traded
and privately held multinational companies, such as Respironics, Inc., ResMed Inc., and Covidien, as well as domestic Chinese
companies such as Beijing Aoji, Beijing Ya’ao, Jiangsu Yuyue and Zhejiang Longfei. We believe that we can continue to compete
successfully in China because our established domestic distribution network and customer support and service network allows us
significantly better access to China’s small and medium-sized hospitals. In addition, our strong investment in research
and development, coupled with our low-cost operating model, allows us to compete effectively for sales to large hospitals. We believe our competitive position in
China varies depending on the product in question. While we are a much smaller company overall than, for example, General Electric,
Siemens or Philips and are unable to offer the range or depth of products each of those companies offers, we believe our market
position is favorable in several segments. The following charts provide our marketing department’s estimations of our primary
competitors by product, both as to our proprietary products and as to our distributed products: Proprietary Product Primary Competitors
        in China Dehaier’s
        Estimated Competitive Position* DHR Explorer Series C-armed X-ray machine Nanjing Pulang, Beijing Wantong, Beijing Smart, Shenzhen Nanyun Average DHR ORSA Series anesthesia machines Drugg, GE, Spacelab Average C250 and C280 air compressors Beijing Yi’an, Guangdong Puling Greater than average Trolleys An OEM business model, N/A N/A Sterilizers An OEM business model, N/A N/A DHR oxygen concentrator Beijing Aoji, Beijing Ya’ao, Jiangsu Yuyue and Zhejiang
    Longfei Smaller than average DHR CPAP C5 Foreign companies such as Respironics, ResMed, and Covidien Not in market yet DHR Homecare CPAP * DHR Homecare APAP * DHR Homecare S * DHR
    Homecare ST Foreign companies such as Respironics, ResMed, and
    Covidien Updated product line not in the market yet DHR 998* and DHR 999* screening and diagnosis products Foreign companies such as Respironics, ResMed, and Covidien Greater than average 7 Distributed Product Primary Competitors
        in China Dehaier’s
        Estimated Competitive Position IMD C-armed X-ray machine Philips, GE, Siemens Smaller than average eVent Ventilators Drugg (GER), GE, TYCO (USA), Newport (USA) Smaller than average HEYER Anesthesia Machine Drager (GER), Datex-Ohmeda (US), Primas (UK) Smaller than average HEYER Ultrasonic Nebulizer PARI (GER), YUYUE (China) Average Timesco laryngoscope Kirchner & Wilhelm (GER), WelchAllyn (USA) Greater than average *A “greater than average”
position indicates Dehaier estimates its competitive position in the top third of all competitors. “Average” indicates
Dehaier estimates its competitive position in the middle third of all competitors. “Smaller than average” indicates
Dehaier estimates its competitive position in the bottom third of all competitors. As we expand into international markets,
our competitors will include publicly traded and privately held multinational companies such as Respironics and Covidien. These
companies typically focus on the premium segments of the market. We believe we can successfully penetrate certain international
markets by offering products of comparable quality at lower prices. We will also face competition in international sales from
companies that have local operations in the markets in which we sell our proprietary products. We believe that we can compete
successfully with these companies by offering high quality proprietary products at comparable prices. Methods of Competition China’s medical device market currently
features a significant number of small distributors. We seek to distinguish our company from our competitors by being able to
offer proprietary and distributed products that address the device needs of customers that may have very different needs. For example, China is currently investing
heavily in health care nationwide; however, money for healthcare is currently unevenly distributed. There are a number of large
hospitals that have significant resources and a number of rural clinics that have extremely limited budgets. We are able to provide
distributed products that reach the more affluent customers, as these customers frequently tend to ascribe more perceived value
to products made by well-known foreign companies, such as Timesco and HEYER. We are also able to supply our proprietary products
to customers who tend to care less about perceived value and more about functionality. One of our strategies in competing in this
market is to make our products as mobile as possible. For this reason, our air compressors, mobile X-ray devices, trolleys and
the like are all portable. This portability addresses the budgetary limitations of, for instance, a rural clinic that can only
afford to purchase a single air compressor. We currently compete on three levels.
First, we have well-established distribution channels and close relations with more than 2,000 dealers and distributors, reaching
an estimated 3,000 hospitals. We maintain relationships with healthcare bureaus as well as other key accounts to actively participate
in state-level contracted procurement projects. Second, our proprietary homecare medical products are designed to provide an all-in-one
solution for end users. Together with our new home oxygen therapy service, we provide homecare medical solutions that combine
products and services. Third, we have emphasized international growth, including seeking approval to sell our products in Europe
and other countries and establishing a U.S. subsidiary to enable us to compete in North America. We focus on maintaining a high
quality to price ratio in our proprietary products. In addition, being a NASDAQ-listed company has helped to build our brand image
and reputation with potential customers and business partners. Employees As of March 18, 2013, we have 165 full-time
employees, of which, 37 are employed in assembly; 27 are in research and development; 15 are in general administration; 78 are
in marketing, sales, and customer support and service; and 8 are in procurement and supply management. As required by PRC regulations,
we participate in various employee benefit plans that are organized by municipal and provincial governments, including pension,
work-related injury benefits, maternity insurance, and medical and unemployment benefit plans. We are required under PRC law to
make contributions to the employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses, housing funds and certain
allowances of our employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time. We make contributions
to employee benefits equal to 10% of employee salaries. 8 Generally, we enter into a three-year
standard employment contract with all of our officers, managers and other key employees and a one-year standard employment contract
with all other employees. According to these employment contracts, all of our employees are prohibited from engaging in any activities
that compete with our business during the period of their employment with us. Under Chinese law, we may only terminate
employment agreements without cause and without penalty by providing notice of non-renewal one month prior to the date on which
the employment agreement is scheduled to expire. If we fail to provide this notice or if we wish to terminate an employment agreement
in the absence of cause, then we are obligated to pay the employee one month’s salary for each year we have employed the
employee. We are, however, permitted to terminate an employee for cause without penalty to our company, where the employee has
committed a crime or the employee’s actions or inactions have resulted in a material adverse effect to us. Regulations Our products are medical devices and are
subject to regulatory controls governing medical devices. As a distributor of medical equipment and supplies we are subject to
regulation and oversight by different levels of the food and drug administration in China, in particular the SFDA. We are also
subject to other PRC government laws and regulations. SFDA requirements include obtaining certifications, permits, compliance
with clinical testing standards, assembly practices, quality standards, applicable industry standards and adverse event reporting,
and advertising and packaging standards. China’s Regulation of Medical Devices Classification of Medical Devices In China, medical devices are classified
by the SFDA into three different categories, Class I, Class II and Class III, depending on the degree of risk associated
with each medical device and the extent of control needed to ensure safety and effectiveness. Classification of a medical device
is important because the class to which a medical device is assigned determines, among other things, whether a company needs to
obtain a permit and the level of regulatory authority involved in obtaining such permit. Classification of a device also determines
the types of registration required and the level of regulatory authority involved in effecting the product registration. Class I devices require product certification
and are those with low risk to the human body and are subject to “general controls.” Class I devices are regulated
by the city level food and drug administration where the company is located. Class II devices are those with medium risk
to the human body and are subject to “special controls.” Class II devices require product certification, usually
through a quality system assessment, and are regulated by the provincial level food and drug administration where the company
is located. Class III devices are those with high risk to the human body, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable
devices. Class III devices also require product certification and are regulated by the SFDA under the strictest regulatory
control. The majority of our products are classified
as Class II or Class III devices. Our anesthesia machines and ventilators are classified as Class III medical devices,
while the remainder of our products are either classified as Class II or, in the case of our ventilator trolleys and sterilizers,
not categorized devices. Assembly Permit A company must obtain a permit from the
provincial level food and drug administration before commencing the assembly of Class II and Class III medical devices.
No assembly permit is required for Class I devices, but the company must notify the provincial level food and drug administration
where the company is located and file for record with it. An assembly permit, once obtained, is valid for five years and is renewable
upon expiration. We have a single assembly permit, which
covers all products we assemble and is scheduled to expire on September 15, 2013. To renew an assembly permit, a company
needs to submit to the provincial level food and drug administration an application to renew the permit, along with required information
six months before the expiration date of the permit. If we are unable to renew the permit before it expires, we could lose our
ability to assemble our medical devices until the situation is rectified. Although we have not yet renewed our permit, we anticipate
filing our renewal application in the near future. Distribution License A manufacturer or distributor must obtain
a distribution license in order to engage in sales and distribution of Class II and Class III medical devices in China.
A distribution license is valid for five years and is renewable upon expiration. Our distribution license will expire on September
15, 2013. If we are unable to renew the permit before it expires, we could lose our ability to distribute medical devices until
the situation is rectified. Although we have not yet renewed our permit, we anticipate filing our renewal application in the near
future. 9 Registration Requirement Before a medical device can be manufactured
for commercial distribution, a company must affect medical device registration by proving the safety and effectiveness of the
medical device to the satisfaction of respective levels of the food and drug administration. In order to conduct a clinical trial
on a Class II or Class III medical device, the SFDA requires companies to apply for and obtain in advance a favorable
inspection result for the device from an inspection center jointly recognized by the SFDA and the Administration of Quality Supervision,
Inspection and Quarantine. The application to the inspection center must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and
laboratory testing results. If the inspection center approves the application for clinical trial, and the respective levels of
the food and drug administration approve the institutions which will conduct the clinical trials, the company may begin the clinical
trial. A registration application for a Class II or Class III device must provide required pre-clinical and clinical
trial data and information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, production and labeling.
The provincial level food and drug administration, within 60 days of receiving an application for the registration of a Class II
device, and the SFDA, within 90 days of receiving an application for the registration of a Class III device, will notify
the applicant whether the application for registration is approved. If approved, a registration certificate will be issued within
ten days of written approval. If the food and drug administration requires supplemental information, the approval process may
take much longer. The registration is valid for four years. The SFDA may change its policies, adopt
additional regulations, revise existing regulations or tighten enforcement, each of which could block or delay the approval process
for a medical device. The following table discloses the current
registration expiration dates for the products we sell. It is the obligation of that produces the product to seek registration
and any renewals. We are responsible for registering our proprietary products but must rely on the suppliers of other products
to seek registration for those products. We will either cease to sell such product or seek comparable products from other suppliers
in the event the registration is not renewed on expiration. Medical Devices (Including Related Supporting
Products) Product
        Type Product
        Model Registration Expiration Mobile Medical X-Ray Image Devices. Explorer Series mobile and C-armed
    X-ray machine July 2015 IMD Compact Series mobile-X-ray
    machine January 2015 Anesthesia Machines. DHR ORSA Series anesthesia machine February 2014 Ventilator Air Compressor. DHR280 Air Compressor for Ventilators September 2013 Laryngoscope Timesco Laryngoscope September 2014 Injection Pump JMS Injection Pump SP-500 May 2015 Anesthesia Machine Heyer Narkomat August 2015 Trolleys for Ventilators. Not applicable Not a medical
    device Sterilizers for Ventilators. Not applicable Not a medical
    device Respiratory and Oxygen Homecare Products Product
        Type Product
        Model Registration Expiration Oxygen Concentrating Products. Oxygen concentrator April 2014 Sleep Apnea Treatment Products. CPAP C5 Auto CPAP A8 Auto S-CPAP A9 July 2016 July 2016 July 2016 Diagnostic Products. DHR 998 DHR 999 Application stage Application stage Continuing SFDA Regulation We are subject to continuing regulation
by the SFDA. In the event of significant modification to an approved medical device, its labeling or its assembly process, a new
premarket approval or premarket approval supplement may be required. Our products are subject to, among others, the following
regulations: • SFDA’s quality system regulations which require companies
                                                                  to create, implement and follow certain design, testing, control,
                                                                  documentation and other quality assurance procedures; 10 • medical device reporting regulations, which require that
                                                                  companies report to the SFDA certain types of adverse reaction
                                                                  and other events involving their products; and • SFDA’s general prohibition against promoting products
                                                                  for unapproved uses. Class II and III devices may also
be subject to special controls applicable to them, such as supply purchase information, performance standards, quality inspection
procedures and product testing devices which may not be required for Class I devices. We believe we are in compliance with
the applicable SFDA guidelines, but we could be required to change our compliance activities or be subject to other special controls
if the SFDA changes or modifies its existing regulations or adopts new requirements. We are also subject to inspection and
market surveillance by the SFDA to determine compliance with regulatory requirements. If the SFDA decides to enforce its regulations
and rules, the agency can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions such as: • fines, injunctions and civil penalties; • recall or seizure of our products; • the imposition of operating restrictions, partial suspension
                                                                  or complete shutdown of assembly; and • criminal prosecution. China Compulsory Certification Requirements China Compulsory Certification, or CCC,
inclusive of a certificate and a mark, serves as evidence that the covered products can be imported, marketed or used in China.
The CCC mark is administered by the China National Certification and Accreditation Administration, which designates the China
Quality Certification Center to process CCC mark applications. Some medical devices are required to have a CCC mark. We have received
a certificate and a mark for each of our proprietary products for which a CCC mark is required. Other National and Provincial Level Laws and Regulations
in China Beyond those laws and regulations we consider
material to our business, we are subject to evolving regulations under many other laws and regulations administered by governmental
authorities at the national, provincial and city levels, some of which are, or may be, applicable to our business. Our hospital
customers are also subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations that could affect the nature and scope of their relationships
with us. Laws regulating the conduct of business
in our industry cover a broad array of subjects. We must comply with numerous additional state and local laws relating to matters
such as safe working conditions, environmental protection and fire hazard control, which affect all companies doing business in
China. We believe we are currently in compliance with these laws and regulations in all material respects. We may be required
to incur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations in the future. Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory
requirements or adoption of new requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Restriction on Foreign Ownership The principal regulation governing foreign
ownership of medical device businesses in the PRC is the 2011 Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance Catalogue (the “Catalogue”).
The Catalogue classifies the various industries into four categories: encouraged, permitted, restricted and prohibited. As confirmed
by the government authorities, BDL is engaged in an encouraged industry. Such a designation offers businesses distinct advantages.
For example, businesses engaged in encouraged industries: • are not subject to restrictions on foreign investment, and,
                                                                  as such, foreign can own a majority in Sino-foreign joint ventures
                                                                  or establish wholly-owned foreign enterprises in the PRC; • provided such company has total investment of less than
                                                                  $100 million, the company is subject to regional (not central)
                                                                  government examination and approval which are generally more
                                                                  efficient and less time-consuming; and • may import certain equipment while enjoying a tariff and
                                                                  import-stage value-added tax exemption. The National Development and Reform Commission
and the Ministry of Commerce periodically jointly revise the Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance Catalogue. As such, there
is a possibility that our company’s business may fall outside the scope of the definition of an encouraged industry in the
future. Should this occur, we would no longer benefit from such designation. 11 Regulation of Foreign Currency Exchange The principal regulations governing foreign
currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations (1996), as amended, and the Administration Rules
of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996). Under these regulations, Renminbi are freely convertible for current
account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
but not for most capital account items, such as direct investment, loan, repatriation of investment and investment in securities
outside China, unless the prior approval of SAFE or its local counterparts is obtained. In addition, any loans to an operating
subsidiary in China that is a foreign invested enterprise, cannot, in the aggregate, exceed the difference between its respective
approved total investment amount and its respective approved registered capital amount. Furthermore, any foreign loan must be
registered with SAFE or its local counterparts for the loan to be effective. Any increase in the amount of the total investment
and registered capital must be approved by the PRC Ministry of Commerce or its local counterpart. We may not be able to obtain
these government approvals or registrations on a timely basis, if at all, which could result in a delay in the process of making
these loans. The dividends paid by the subsidiary to
its shareholder are deemed shareholder income and are taxable in China. Pursuant to the Administration Rules of the Settlement,
Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), foreign-invested enterprises in China may purchase or remit foreign exchange, subject
to a cap approved by SAFE, for settlement of current account transactions without the approval of SAFE. Foreign exchange transactions
under the capital account are still subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant
PRC governmental authorities. Regulation of Dividend Distribution The principal regulations governing the
distribution of dividends by foreign holding companies include the Foreign Investment Enterprise Law (1986), as amended, and the
Administrative Rules under the Foreign Investment Enterprise Law (2001). Under these regulations, foreign investment
enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their retained profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, foreign investment enterprises in China are required to allocate at least 10% of their
respective retained profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds unless these reserves have reached 50% of the registered
capital of the enterprises. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Notice 75 On October 21, 2005, SAFE issued
Notice 75, which became effective as of November 1, 2005. According to Notice 75, prior registration with the local
SAFE branch is required for PRC residents to establish or to control an offshore company for the purposes of financing that offshore
company with assets or equity interests in an onshore enterprise located in the PRC. An amendment to registration or filing with
the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required for the injection of equity interests or assets of an onshore enterprise
in the offshore company or overseas funds raised by such offshore company, or any other material change involving a change in
the capital of the offshore company. Moreover, Notice 75 applies retroactively.
As a result, PRC residents who have established or acquired control of offshore companies that have made onshore investments in
the PRC in the past are required to complete the relevant registration procedures with the local SAFE branch. Under the relevant
rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in Notice 75 may result in restrictions being imposed
on the foreign exchange activities of the relevant onshore company, including the increase of its registered capital, the payment
of dividends and other distributions to its offshore parent or affiliate and capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may
also subject relevant PRC residents to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations. PRC residents who control our company
are required to register with SAFE in connection with their investments in us. Such individuals completed this registration in
2007, and 2008, as amended. If we use our equity interest to purchase the assets or equity interest of a PRC company owned by
PRC residents in the future, such PRC residents will be subject to the registration procedures described in Notice 75. Trademark Rights The PRC Trademark Law, adopted in 1982
and revised in 2001, with its implementation rules adopted in 2002, protects registered trademarks. The Trademark Office of the
State Administration of Industry and Commerce (“SAIC”), handles trademark registrations and grants trademark registrations
for a term of ten years. 12 Regulations on Offshore Parent Holding Companies’
Direct Investment in and Loans to Their PRC Subsidiaries An offshore company may invest equity
in a PRC company, which will become the PRC subsidiary of the offshore holding company after investment. Such equity investment
is subject to a series of laws and regulations generally applicable to any foreign-invested enterprise in China, which include
the Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Contractual Joint
Venture Enterprise Law, all as amended from time to time, and their respective implementing rules; the Tentative Provisions on
the Foreign Exchange Registration Administration of Foreign-Invested Enterprise; and the Notice on Certain Matters Relating to
the Change of Registered Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises. Under the aforesaid laws and regulations,
the increase of the registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise is subject to the prior approval by the original approval
authority of its establishment. In addition, the increase of registered capital and total investment amount shall both be registered
with SAIC and SAFE. Shareholder loans made by offshore parent
holding companies to their PRC subsidiaries are regarded as foreign debts in China for regulatory purpose, which is subject to
a number of PRC laws and regulations, including the PRC Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations, the Interim Measures on Administration
on Foreign Debts, the Tentative Provisions on the Statistics Monitoring of Foreign Debts and its implementation rules, and the
Administration Rules on the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange. Under these regulations, the shareholder
loans made by offshore parent holding companies to their PRC subsidiaries shall be registered with SAFE. Furthermore, the total
amount of foreign debts that can be borrowed by such PRC subsidiaries, including any shareholder loans, shall not exceed the difference
between the total investment amount and the registered capital amount of the PRC subsidiaries, both of which are subject to the
governmental approval. Item 1A.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components. Because we do not run any manufacturing
facilities, we contract some of the medical components to outside manufacturers in China. Most of our proprietary products require
light assembly by us before distribution. We sell our products primarily through
distributors, but we also make direct sales to hospitals, clinics, government health bureaus, government organizations and individuals.
We continue to further our market reach by introducing newer and more advanced product lines that address different end-user needs. Recent Developments • In
                                                                                                                                  January
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company received
                                                                                                                                  Conformité
                                                                                                                                  Européenne
                                                                                                                                  (CE)
                                                                                                                                  certification
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  sleep
                                                                                                                                  diagnostic
                                                                                                                                  devices
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  air
                                                                                                                                  compressors.
                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                  CE
                                                                                                                                  mark
                                                                                                                                  recognizes
                                                                                                                                  that
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  two
                                                                                                                                  products
                                                                                                                                  meet
                                                                                                                                  European
                                                                                                                                  Union
                                                                                                                                  (EU)
                                                                                                                                  health
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  safety
                                                                                                                                  standards
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  are
                                                                                                                                  approved
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  sale
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  27
                                                                                                                                  member
                                                                                                                                  states
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  EU
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  four
                                                                                                                                  members
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  European
                                                                                                                                  Free
                                                                                                                                  Trade
                                                                                                                                  Association
                                                                                                                                  (EFTA). • In
                                                                                                                                  March
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company won
                                                                                                                                  a
                                                                                                                                  new
                                                                                                                                  bid
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  implement
                                                                                                                                  a
                                                                                                                                  government
                                                                                                                                  procurement
                                                                                                                                  project
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  provide
                                                                                                                                  imaging
                                                                                                                                  equipment
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  township
                                                                                                                                  hospitals
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  Xi’an,
                                                                                                                                  Shaanxi,
                                                                                                                                  China. • Also
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  March
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company obtained
                                                                                                                                  two
                                                                                                                                  software
                                                                                                                                  copyrights
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  CPAP
                                                                                                                                  devices.
                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                  addition
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  these
                                                                                                                                  copyrights
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  our
                                                                                                                                  intellectual
                                                                                                                                  property
                                                                                                                                  portfolio
                                                                                                                                  reflects
                                                                                                                                  progress
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  our
                                                                                                                                  ongoing
                                                                                                                                  research
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  development
                                                                                                                                  efforts
                                                                                                                                  into
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  new
                                                                                                                                  generation
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  homecare
                                                                                                                                  CPAP
                                                                                                                                  devices. • In
                                                                                                                                  April
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company renewed
                                                                                                                                  its
                                                                                                                                  strategic
                                                                                                                                  cooperation
                                                                                                                                  agreement
                                                                                                                                  with
                                                                                                                                  Timesco
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  London
                                                                                                                                  Ltd.
                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                  agreement
                                                                                                                                  appoints
                                                                                                                                  Dehaier
                                                                                                                                  as
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  exclusive
                                                                                                                                  distributor
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  Timesco’s
                                                                                                                                  CXL
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  Eclipse
                                                                                                                                  series
                                                                                                                                  laryngoscope
                                                                                                                                  products
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  mainland
                                                                                                                                  China
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  three
                                                                                                                                  years. • In
                                                                                                                                  May
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company extended
                                                                                                                                  its
                                                                                                                                  exclusive
                                                                                                                                  distribution
                                                                                                                                  authorization
                                                                                                                                  with
                                                                                                                                  INTERMEDICAL
                                                                                                                                  (“IMD”),
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  distribute
                                                                                                                                  its
                                                                                                                                  RADIUS
                                                                                                                                  C-arm
                                                                                                                                  X-ray
                                                                                                                                  machines
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  mainland
                                                                                                                                  China.
                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                  extended
                                                                                                                                  term
                                                                                                                                  runs
                                                                                                                                  through
                                                                                                                                  2014. • In
                                                                                                                                  June
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company entered
                                                                                                                                  a
                                                                                                                                  three-year
                                                                                                                                  strategic
                                                                                                                                  mutual
                                                                                                                                  cooperation
                                                                                                                                  agreement
                                                                                                                                  with
                                                                                                                                  HEYER
                                                                                                                                  Medical
                                                                                                                                  AG
                                                                                                                                  (“Heyer”).
                                                                                                                                  According
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  this
                                                                                                                                  agreement, the
                                                                                                                                  Company will
                                                                                                                                  continue
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  be
                                                                                                                                  one
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  key
                                                                                                                                  Chinese
                                                                                                                                  distributors
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  Heyer’s
                                                                                                                                  anesthesia
                                                                                                                                  machines
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  exclusive
                                                                                                                                  distributor
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  its
                                                                                                                                  nebulizers
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  China. • Also
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  June
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company co-developed
                                                                                                                                  a
                                                                                                                                  “High-Efficiency
                                                                                                                                  Oxygen
                                                                                                                                  Inhaler”
                                                                                                                                  with
                                                                                                                                  Dr.
                                                                                                                                  Ding
                                                                                                                                  Jianzhang
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  Beijing
                                                                                                                                  Haidian
                                                                                                                                  Hospital.
                                                                                                                                  This
                                                                                                                                  inhaler
                                                                                                                                  is
                                                                                                                                  expected
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  begin
                                                                                                                                  selling
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  mainland
                                                                                                                                  China
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  third
                                                                                                                                  quarter
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  2012.
                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                  portable
                                                                                                                                  device
                                                                                                                                  is
                                                                                                                                  designed
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  use
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  homecare
                                                                                                                                  oxygen
                                                                                                                                  therapy,
                                                                                                                                  emergency
                                                                                                                                  treatment,
                                                                                                                                  disaster
                                                                                                                                  relief
                                                                                                                                  activities
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  high-altitude
                                                                                                                                  settings. • In
                                                                                                                                  July
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company received
                                                                                                                                  approval
                                                                                                                                  from
                                                                                                                                  China’s
                                                                                                                                  State
                                                                                                                                  Food
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  Drug
                                                                                                                                  Administration
                                                                                                                                  (“SFDA”)
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  its
                                                                                                                                  proprietary
                                                                                                                                  homecare
                                                                                                                                  medical
                                                                                                                                  CPAP
                                                                                                                                  device,
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  DHR-CPAP-C5.
                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                  certificate
                                                                                                                                  is
                                                                                                                                  valid
                                                                                                                                  until
                                                                                                                                  July
                                                                                                                                  1,
                                                                                                                                  2016
                                                                                                                                  (subject
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  renewal)
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  allows
                                                                                                                                  us
                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                  sell
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  product
                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                  mainland
                                                                                                                                  China. • Also
                                                                                                                                  between
                                                                                                                                  April
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  June
                                                                                                                                  2012, the
                                                                                                                                  Company obtained
                                                                                                                                  software
                                                                                                                                  copyrights
                                                                                                                                  from
                                                                                                                                  China’s
                                                                                                                                  National
                                                                                                                                  Copyright
                                                                                                                                  Administration
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  four
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  its
                                                                                                                                  proprietary
                                                                                                                                  technologies,
                                                                                                                                  including
                                                                                                                                  (1)
                                                                                                                                  Analysis
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  Monitoring
                                                                                                                                  Software
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  Adsorption
                                                                                                                                  Tower
                                                                                                                                  Oxygen
                                                                                                                                  Generation
                                                                                                                                  Process,
                                                                                                                                  (2)
                                                                                                                                  Dehaier
                                                                                                                                  Homecare
                                                                                                                                  CPAP
                                                                                                                                  Controlling
                                                                                                                                  Software,
                                                                                                                                  (3)
                                                                                                                                  Ventilator
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                  CPAP
                                                                                                                                  Controlling
                                                                                                                                  Software
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                  (4)
                                                                                                                                  Air
                                                                                                                                  Compressor
                                                                                                                                  Controlling
                                                                                                                                  Software.
                                                                                                                                  These
                                                                                                                                  copyrights
                                                                                                                                  have
                                                                                                                                  been
                                                                                                                                  approved
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                                  50
                                                                                                                                  years
                                                                                                                                  from
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                  grant
                                                                                                                                  date. • In September 2012, the Company won a 3-year procurement
                                                                  agreement for its proprietary air compressors and customized
                                                                  trolleys from a major medical equipment manufacturer in Ukraine. • In September 2012, the Company entered into a two-year distribution
                                                                  agreement with GCE group, a leading global compressed gas-equipment
                                                                  company, to become the exclusive distributor for GCE's EASE
                                                                  II product in Mainland China. The newly-distributed product
                                                                  can be widely used in many fields including disaster relief
                                                                  efforts, national defense, emergency rooms, ambulances, and
                                                                  medical institutions. • In September 2012, the Company signed three medical equipment
                                                                  procurement agreements with Beijing's Hospitals 304 and 307,
                                                                  two of China's most well-known first-tier hospitals, and with
                                                                  Beijing Kanglian Medicines Co. for the China Development Bank
                                                                  Rural Medical and Health Construction Project. 1 • In September 2012, the Company obtained Megapixels software
                                                                  copyrights for its DHR C-Arm X Ray Machine. The upgraded technology
                                                                  can produce optimized images with minimal user involvement through
                                                                  its advanced imaging technology. • In October 2012, the Company won a government procurement
                                                                  contract with Xinjiang Province to distribute medical equipments
                                                                  to Hospitals in Xinjiang. The contract will be implemented by
                                                                  the end of 2012. • In October 2012, the Company renewed its status of National
                                                                  High Technology Enterprises and received government subsidies
                                                                  of RMB118,100 for short-term bank loan interest, as a result
                                                                  of favorable treatment granted to High Technology Enterprises. • In December 2012, the Company was awarded a credit of A-
                                                                  from Beijing Zhongguancun Enterprises Credit Promotion Association,
                                                                  as a result of its improved performance of competitiveness in
                                                                  the industry, relatively strong enterprise system, sustainable
                                                                  business model and low credit risk. • In December 2012, the Company signed a medical equipment
                                                                  procurement agreement with Hebei province for the China
                                                                  Development Bank Rural Medical and Health Construction Project. • In December 2012, the Company presented its newly-developed
                                                                  Efficient Oxygen Supplement System ("EOS System")
                                                                  at the 2012 Military Surgical Symposium, held in Tianjin from
                                                                  November 30 to December 2, 2012. The symposium featured with
                                                                  highest level of forward-looking medical concepts & theories
                                                                  and best practice. Our Products Our proprietary and distributed products
include two major categories: (i) medical devices (including supporting products) and (ii) sleep respiratory and oxygen
therapy products (previously defined as respiratory and oxygen homecare products). Our medical devices proprietary and distributed
products are mainly used in hospitals and clinics, while the sleep respiratory and oxygen therapy products are mainly for hospitals,
sleep centers, at-home use by individual, emergency center, national defense and national disaster relief circumstances. Our Proprietary Products Our management believes that our proprietary
products, which are generally less expensive than products from foreign companies, tend to be more attractive to smaller city
and rural hospitals and healthcare facilities and other end-users for whom price is a significant factor in deciding whether to
purchase our products. Our proprietary products include medical devices and related supporting/technical service products, and
sleep respiratory and oxygen therapy products. Medical Devices (Including Related Supporting
Products) • Mobile Medical X-Ray Image Devices. We
                                                                  provide four types of DHR Explorer Series mobile and C-armed
                                                                  X-ray machines. X-ray is used for visualizing bone structures
                                                                  and other dense tissues such as tumors. These mobile and C-armed
                                                                  X-ray machines provide added convenience for use in hospitals
                                                                  and clinics. Our C-arm series of X-ray systems are suitable
                                                                  for ortho reduction and fixation procedures, intervertebral
                                                                  disc imaging and treatment, spinal operation, uterine and oviduct
                                                                  imaging, bladder and ureter imaging and gastric imaging. • Anesthesia Machines . We provide two types
                                                                  of DHR ORSA Series anesthesia machines. These machines are used
                                                                  by anesthesiologists to support the administration of anesthesia.
                                                                  These machines administer a precise and continuous supply of
                                                                  anesthetic gases and vapors to the patient at accurate and safe
                                                                  levels of pressure and flow. These machines maintain a continuous,
                                                                  closed-loop control over the pressure of gas within a patient’s
                                                                  mouth or respiratory according to the selected pressure input.
                                                                  In addition, these machines feature a modular design for mobility
                                                                  and ease of maintenance, cleaning and disinfection. • Ventilator Air Compressor. We provide
                                                                  two types of air compressors to support medical ventilators
                                                                  in surgery by supplying continuous airflow for the ventilator.
                                                                  Where a facility lacks a central pressured air supply system,
                                                                  our C250 and C280 air compressors provide a portable source
                                                                  of such pressured air. Our air compressors feature oil-less
                                                                  motors, large locking castors, high flow capacity, and spill-proof
                                                                  switches. We have designed our air compressors to be adaptable
                                                                  for use with any ventilator. • Trolleys for Ventilators. We provide
                                                                  three types of trolleys to hold ventilators and their accessories
                                                                  for mobility. These trolleys can be fit with a monitor to further
                                                                  enhance the portability and utility. • Sterilizers for Ventilators. We provide
                                                                  one type of sterilizer to treat the air from patients in order
                                                                  to control cross-contamination and infection in a facility in
                                                                  general and for subsequent ventilator patients in particular. 2 Sleep Respiratory and Oxygen Therapy
Products • Oxygen Concentrating Products . We provide
                                                                  two types of oxygen concentrator products, including, the DHR-3L/5L
                                                                  Oxi-Fairy and the DHR-3L/5L Oxi-Pioneer. These products use
                                                                  our patented advanced Pressure Swing Absorbing (“PSA”)
                                                                  technology to produce highly-concentrated, therapeutic-level
                                                                  oxygen (approximately 90% oxygen concentration) from air at
                                                                  normal temperatures. These products are used by patients with
                                                                  cardiovascular disease, respiratory diseases, such as chronic
                                                                  obstructive pulmonary disease, and geriatric patients. • Sleep Apnea Treatment Products. We have
                                                                  designed and expect to provide several products designed for
                                                                  obstructive sleep apnea (“OSA”) therapy. These products
                                                                  include our DHR CPAP C5, DHR Auto CPAP A8, and DHR Auto S-CPAP
                                                                  A9. Our DHR CPAP C5, Auto CPAP A8 and DHR S-CPAP A9 are in the
                                                                  process of obtaining SFDA approval and will not be available
                                                                  for sale until we receive such approval. While we expect to
                                                                  receive this approval within the first half of 2010, we cannot
                                                                  guarantee that we will obtain such SFDA approval in this timeframe
                                                                  or all. These products are all non-invasive therapy products
                                                                  that treat symptoms of sleep apnea. Our CPAP devices do not
                                                                  cure apnea but instead use air pressure to open customers’
                                                                  airways to reduce snoring and apnea disturbances during sleep.
                                                                  Our automatic CPAP products provide air pressure at a customized,
                                                                  adjustable level, while our traditional CPAP products provide
                                                                  a constant level of air pressure. • Sleep Apnea Diagnostic Products. We have
                                                                  designed and expect to provide two types of screening and diagnosis
                                                                  products are portable sleep respiratory recording devices that
                                                                  can be used in a healthcare facility or in a patient’s
                                                                  home to assist physicians in determining whether the patient
                                                                  has obstructive sleep apnea requiring use of a CPAP device.
                                                                  We have applied to SFDA for approval of our DHR 998 and DHR
                                                                  999 diagnostic products, and they will not be available for
                                                                  sale until we receive such approval. While we expect to receive
                                                                  this approval within the first half of 2010, we cannot guarantee
                                                                  that we will obtain such SFDA approval in this timeframe or
                                                                  all. • Effective Oxygen Supplement System. We integrate
                                                                  an effective oxygen supplement system on the basis of newly-distributed
                                                                  oxygen valve and portable oxygen tanks. This enhanced system
                                                                  can be widely applied to particular circumstances including
                                                                  hospital, emergency treatment, disaster relief, national defense,
                                                                  homecare and homecare oxygen therapy service (“HOTS”). Research and Development of Our Proprietary
Products Our success to date has in part resulted
from our strong research and development capabilities, which allow us to regularly introduce new and more advanced products at
competitive prices. We increased our annual investment in research and development activities as a percentage of net revenues
every year since 2003. Research and development costs were $230,854 and $268,038 for the years ended December 31, 2012 and
2011, respectively. Our research and development team consists of 27 engineers, representing more than one-tenth of our employees. Our project selection goals focus on projects
that we believe are commercially feasible, can generate significant revenue and can be introduced into the market in the near-term.
While our research and development department may conduct research into areas that are likely to lead to short-, medium- and long-range
business opportunities for our company, we focus our development of products on those solutions we believe are most likely to
generate significant near-term revenues. Thus, we would generally devote more resources to a solution expected to have an immediate
financial return (for example, a ventilator) than to a project with a potentially greater overall payoff that is more distant
and tenuous (for example, an artificial lung). Our management seeks feedback from our
distribution network to learn about needs for future products and improvements to existing products that our research and development
department can seek to address. Once we identify a product opportunity, our sales and service, research and development, and assembly
teams work closely together to determine potential market demand for a product and how it fits with our current design and assembly
capabilities. We organize regular meetings in which our sales and service, research and development and assembly teams review
progress and, if necessary, adjust the emphasis of our research and development projects. If we deem a new product to be commercially
feasible, our research and development team will work closely with our assembly team to move assembly forward. This integrated
approach allows us to identify potential difficulties in commercializing our proprietary product or product improvement. Furthermore,
it enables us to make adjustments as necessary and develop cost-efficient assembly processes prior to distribution. We believe
these abilities can significantly shorten the time it takes to launch a commercialized product. In the last three years, we have
developed and brought to market 7 new products, which appeal to a wide range of end-users. 3 We maintain a 5,400 square foot research
and development center in our facility in Beijing, which allows us to compete for skilled research and development technicians
and managers. In addition, we are enhancing our research and development ability by cooperating with the research institutes of
two top ranking Universities in China: Beijing University of Aeronautics & Astronautics and Beijing University of Technology
and Science. Principal Suppliers – Our Proprietary
Products We us the following principal suppliers
to manufacture the components in the products we develop and assemble: • Friend of Health (Chuzhou) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. • IMD Beijing Medical equipment Co, Ltd • China Medical Equipment Co. Ltd • C&D
                                                                                                                                  (Beijing)
                                                                                                                                  Co.,
                                                                                                                                  Ltd. • China National Electronic Device Corp. We believe the components provided by
our suppliers are widely available and do not anticipate that we will be unable to obtain these components from other suppliers
in the event our principal suppliers are unable or unwilling to supply us. We provide the technical specifications and files needed
for our suppliers to manufacture components. We purchase the same components from a wide variety of suppliers. We outsource the production of some of
our oxygen concentrators and air compressors to Friend of Health under production agreements. We provide the technical specifications
and files needed for Friend of Health to manufacture these proprietary products. We provide separately outsourced core parts to
Friend of Health to incorporate into the components they assemble and distribute for us. We test and approve each part produced
by Friend of Health before they begin mass production. We require Friend of Health to maintain minimum supplies of our proprietary
products and components for use in our proprietary products, and we permit them to sell our proprietary products only in Chuzhou.
Friend of Health delivers products to us on credit, and we are required to make payment within 45 days after the date of delivery.
Friend of Health is the only supplier that also assembles and distributes finished proprietary products for us. Assembly of Our Proprietary Products After our research and development team
designs the technical specifications and computer models for our proprietary products, we typically work with an independent contractor
to fabricate working prototypes before we commence with the production run of a product. We test prototypes to confirm that they
operate as expected and with the quality we require. During the prototyping process, we apply for SFDA approval as necessary.
Once both of these processes are completed, we commission a production run of components for assembly into our proprietary products. We depend on component and product manufacturing
and logistical services provided by third parties. All of our proprietary products are manufactured in whole or in part by a variety
of third-party manufacturers. While these arrangements may lower operating costs, they also reduce our direct control over production.
It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products or services, or on our flexibility
to respond to changing conditions. We maintain a 32,000 square foot product
center in Changping Science Park in Beijing. This product center contains our research and development area and our assembly facilities.
Final assembly of our products is currently performed in this facility by our 37 employees in assembly and by some of our external
vendors, such as Friend of Health. Currently, the supply and manufacture of many critical components is performed by sole-sourced
third-party vendors in China. Proprietary Rights for Our Proprietary Products We are developing a portfolio of intellectual
property rights in China to protect the technologies, inventions and improvements that we believe are significant to our business
in China. We have two practical patents issued in China for oxygen concentrators. We have five design patents related to our CPAP
devices (2), portable sleep screening (2) and diagnostic services (1). In addition, we obtained 9 software copyrights to
our C-arm X-Ray machine (1), CPAP machine (5), air compressor (1) and air concentrator (2). Moreover, we possess proprietary technology
and know-how in assembly processes, design and engineering. We have not filed for any patent protection outside of China. To protect
our brand name recognition, we have registered the brand name “Dehaier” for trademark protection in China. Our success in the medical equipment industry
depends in substantial part on effective management of both intellectual property assets and infringement risks. In particular,
we must be able to protect our own intellectual property as well as minimize the risk that any of our proprietary products may
infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. 4 We enter into agreements with all our
employees involved in research and development, under which all intellectual property generated during their employment belongs
to us, and they waive all relevant rights or claims to such intellectual property. All our employees involved in research and
development are also bound by a confidentiality obligation and have agreed to disclose and assign to us all inventions conceived
by them during their term of employment. We believe that we have successfully established
our brand in China. We have registered trademarks in China for the Dehaier name and logo used on our own-brand products. As part
of our overall strategy to protect and enhance the value of our brand, we actively enforce our registered trademarks against any
unauthorized use by a third party. Our Distributed Products Our management believes that our distributed
products, which are generally more expensive than products from Chinese companies, tend to be more attractive to larger city hospitals
and more affluent healthcare facilities and other end-users for whom perceived quality is a significant factor in deciding which
products to purchase. While we believe that the quality of our proprietary products is also strong, we understand that some consumers
in China associate more well-known international brands with higher quality than they associate with domestically produced brands. We serve as a significant distributor
in China for several foreign producers of medical devices and sleep respiratory and oxygen therapy products, including IMD, Timesco,
HEYER, eVent and GCE. We believe this extensive platform allows us to be responsive to local market demand. We distribute medical
devices and sleep respiratory and oxygen therapy products for these companies. Medical Devices • Mobile Medical X-Ray Image Devices. We
                                                                  provide two types of X-ray machines developed by other companies:
                                                                  the IMD Radius Series mobile and C-armed X-ray machine and the
                                                                  IMD Compact Series mobile-X-ray machine. • Medical Ventilators. We provide one type
                                                                  of ventilator developed by another company: the Inspiration
                                                                  Ventilators from eVent. The Inspiration Series of medical ventilators
                                                                  mechanically move breathable air to and from the lungs to support
                                                                  breathing support for patients who are physically unable to
                                                                  breathe or who are breathing insufficiently. • Anesthesia Machines . We provide two types
                                                                  of anesthesia machines developed by other companies: the Nakomat
                                                                  and Modular models from HEYER. These machines are used by anesthesiologists
                                                                  to support the administration of anesthesia. These machines
                                                                  administer a precise and continuous supply of anesthetic gases
                                                                  and vapors to the patient at accurate and safe pressure and
                                                                  flow levels. These machines maintain a continuous, closed-loop
                                                                  control over the pressure of gas within a patient’s respiratory
                                                                  system according to the selected pressure input. In addition,
                                                                  these machines feature a modular design for mobility and ease
                                                                  of maintenance, cleaning and disinfection. • Ultrasonic Nebulizers. We provide one type
                                                                  of ultrasonic nebulizer developed by another company: the Cumulus
                                                                  model from HEYER. These devices are used to treat patients with
                                                                  respiratory disease such as asthma, bronchitis and pneumonia.
                                                                  The ultrasonic nebulizers convert low viscosity liquid drug
                                                                  into fine like particles so that the particles can reach to
                                                                  infectious area in the respiratory tract. Our distributed model,
                                                                  the Cumulus, is the only model in the market to effectively
                                                                  treat infection in the lower respiratory tract area. • Laryngoscopes . We provide three types of laryngoscopes
                                                                  developed by other companies: the Optima, Optima XL and Eclipse
                                                                  lines of laryngoscopes from Timesco. Laryngoscopes are flexible
                                                                  lighted tubes that are used to look at the inside of the larynx.
                                                                  Anesthesiologists make use of laryngoscopes to assist with intubation
                                                                  in surgery. Sleep Respiratory and Oxygen Therapy Products • Oxygen Valve. We offer a high-flow oxygen
                                                                  device named EASE from Gas Control Equipment Corp. It can be
                                                                  connected with a portable oxygen tank or medical gas pipeline
                                                                  system to deliver high flows of oxygen to patients with minimal
                                                                  breathing resistance. In addition, it helps to deliver high-flow,
                                                                  minimal resistance oxygen to patients. This device effectively
                                                                  increases the degree of blood oxygen saturation and accelerates
                                                                  the recovery of cell functions when patients experience severe
                                                                  hypoxia. Our Relationships with Suppliers of Our Distributed
Products While we develop, assemble, market and
sell our proprietary products, we also serve as the distributor for a number of international companies looking to sell their
brands of products in China. We are a distribution agent for some or all products marketed in China by IMD (Italy), Timesco (UK),
HEYER (Germany), eVent (USA) and GCE (Sweden). In this capacity, we are responsible for sales, marketing and after-sale services
of these products. 5 We sign agency agreements with these international
suppliers annually with the aim of settling marketing promotion modes, costs, product training and resolution of customer service
issues. The agency agreements cover purchasing price, purchasing intervals, order quantity, transportation and type of payment,
spare part supply and after-sale service terms. We negotiate renewal of these agency agreements as they expire to confirm ongoing
distributor expectations. We seek to enlarge the scope of products
we are able to sell as agent for these companies and constantly try to identify competitive suppliers and products on the international
market to assist them with marketing and selling their products in China. Principal Suppliers – Our Distributed
Products In addition to the products we design, we distribute products
designed and manufactured by the following companies: • IMD (Italy) • Timesco (UK) • HEYER (Germany) • eVent (USA) • GCE (Sweden) The exact products from these suppliers
are available only from such suppliers; however, we believe that we will be able to obtain similar products from other suppliers
in the event our principal suppliers are unable or unwilling to supply us. Our Service Centers We maintain a 24-hour customer service
center in Beijing for technical support and repair. We staff our customer service center with senior technical support engineers
who provide preliminary support. Our engineers attempt to quickly diagnose and assist in repairing problems over the phone, or
determine whether a service visit to the customer’s premises is necessary. In some instances, our engineers will provide
on-site operating guidance and repair service. We periodically review customer calls to ensure that any issues raised by our customers
are resolved to their satisfaction. Customers We have three categories of customers:
(i) distributors, (ii) hospitals and government agencies and (iii) individual consumers to whom we sell directly. Our customer
base is widely dispersed on both a geographic and revenues basis. Our distributors. Sales
to our distributors make up the substantial majority of our revenues as over 90% of our sales are to distributors. Based on the
expected use of products sold to distributors, we estimate that they sell approximately 60% of our products to hospitals, 20%
to clinics and 10% to individuals. As a result, we estimate that approximately 67% of our products (on a revenue basis, rather
than unit basis) are sold to hospitals, approximately 21% to clinics and approximately 12% to individuals. We have contractual
distribution relationships with over 2,000 independent distributors. We do not own, employ or control these independent distributors. Hospital and governmental agency
customers. Our hospital and governmental agency customers primarily include hospitals as well as provincial level
public health bureaus and population and family planning bureaus. We also refer to these customers as our “Key Accounts.”
These customers typically place large volume orders that are awarded based on bids submitted by competing medical equipment companies
through a state-owned bidding agent. Individual consumers. We
sell our home respiratory therapy products directly to consumers through our customer experience centers, or “CECs”,
and plan to sell through third-party E-commerce platforms. Dependence on Major Customers. For
the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, approximately 13% of the Company’s revenues were received from each of two customers. Concentration of Receivables . At
December 31, 2011, receivables from two customers were approximately 12% and 10%, respectively. No customer represented more than
10% of amounts receivable at December 31, 2012. Dependence on Major Suppliers. At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, payables due to three suppliers were approximately 34%, 33%, 19% and 50%, 8%, 6%, respectively. 6 Competition The medical device industry is characterized
by rapid product development, technological advances, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary information. Across
all product lines and product tiers, we face direct competition from both domestic and international competitors. We compete based
on factors such as price, value, customer support, brand recognition, reputation, and product functionality, reliability and compatibility.
Each of our proprietary products competes against functionally similar products from domestic and international companies. Our competitors include publicly traded
and privately held multinational companies, such as Respironics, Inc., ResMed Inc., and Covidien, as well as domestic Chinese
companies such as Beijing Aoji, Beijing Ya’ao, Jiangsu Yuyue and Zhejiang Longfei. We believe that we can continue to compete
successfully in China because our established domestic distribution network and customer support and service network allows us
significantly better access to China’s small and medium-sized hospitals. In addition, our strong investment in research
and development, coupled with our low-cost operating model, allows us to compete effectively for sales to large hospitals. We believe our competitive position in
China varies depending on the product in question. While we are a much smaller company overall than, for example, General Electric,
Siemens or Philips and are unable to offer the range or depth of products each of those companies offers, we believe our market
position is favorable in several segments. The following charts provide our marketing department’s estimations of our primary
competitors by product, both as to our proprietary products and as to our distributed products: Proprietary Product Primary Competitors
        in China Dehaier’s
        Estimated Competitive Position* DHR Explorer Series C-armed X-ray machine Nanjing Pulang, Beijing Wantong, Beijing Smart, Shenzhen Nanyun Average DHR ORSA Series anesthesia machines Drugg, GE, Spacelab Average C250 and C280 air compressors Beijing Yi’an, Guangdong Puling Greater than average Trolleys An OEM business model, N/A N/A Sterilizers An OEM business model, N/A N/A DHR oxygen concentrator Beijing Aoji, Beijing Ya’ao, Jiangsu Yuyue and Zhejiang
    Longfei Smaller than average DHR CPAP C5 Foreign companies such as Respironics, ResMed, and Covidien Not in market yet DHR Homecare CPAP * DHR Homecare APAP * DHR Homecare S * DHR
    Homecare ST Foreign companies such as Respironics, ResMed, and
    Covidien Updated product line not in the market yet DHR 998* and DHR 999* screening and diagnosis products Foreign companies such as Respironics, ResMed, and Covidien Greater than average 7 Distributed Product Primary Competitors
        in China Dehaier’s
        Estimated Competitive Position IMD C-armed X-ray machine Philips, GE, Siemens Smaller than average eVent Ventilators Drugg (GER), GE, TYCO (USA), Newport (USA) Smaller than average HEYER Anesthesia Machine Drager (GER), Datex-Ohmeda (US), Primas (UK) Smaller than average HEYER Ultrasonic Nebulizer PARI (GER), YUYUE (China) Average Timesco laryngoscope Kirchner & Wilhelm (GER), WelchAllyn (USA) Greater than average *A “greater than average”
position indicates Dehaier estimates its competitive position in the top third of all competitors. “Average” indicates
Dehaier estimates its competitive position in the middle third of all competitors. “Smaller than average” indicates
Dehaier estimates its competitive position in the bottom third of all competitors. As we expand into international markets,
our competitors will include publicly traded and privately held multinational companies such as Respironics and Covidien. These
companies typically focus on the premium segments of the market. We believe we can successfully penetrate certain international
markets by offering products of comparable quality at lower prices. We will also face competition in international sales from
companies that have local operations in the markets in which we sell our proprietary products. We believe that we can compete
successfully with these companies by offering high quality proprietary products at comparable prices. Methods of Competition China’s medical device market currently
features a significant number of small distributors. We seek to distinguish our company from our competitors by being able to
offer proprietary and distributed products that address the device needs of customers that may have very different needs. For example, China is currently investing
heavily in health care nationwide; however, money for healthcare is currently unevenly distributed. There are a number of large
hospitals that have significant resources and a number of rural clinics that have extremely limited budgets. We are able to provide
distributed products that reach the more affluent customers, as these customers frequently tend to ascribe more perceived value
to products made by well-known foreign companies, such as Timesco and HEYER. We are also able to supply our proprietary products
to customers who tend to care less about perceived value and more about functionality. One of our strategies in competing in this
market is to make our products as mobile as possible. For this reason, our air compressors, mobile X-ray devices, trolleys and
the like are all portable. This portability addresses the budgetary limitations of, for instance, a rural clinic that can only
afford to purchase a single air compressor. We currently compete on three levels.
First, we have well-established distribution channels and close relations with more than 2,000 dealers and distributors, reaching
an estimated 3,000 hospitals. We maintain relationships with healthcare bureaus as well as other key accounts to actively participate
in state-level contracted procurement projects. Second, our proprietary homecare medical products are designed to provide an all-in-one
solution for end users. Together with our new home oxygen therapy service, we provide homecare medical solutions that combine
products and services. Third, we have emphasized international growth, including seeking approval to sell our products in Europe
and other countries and establishing a U.S. subsidiary to enable us to compete in North America. We focus on maintaining a high
quality to price ratio in our proprietary products. In addition, being a NASDAQ-listed company has helped to build our brand image
and reputation with potential customers and business partners. Employees As of March 18, 2013, we have 165 full-time
employees, of which, 37 are employed in assembly; 27 are in research and development; 15 are in general administration; 78 are
in marketing, sales, and customer support and service; and 8 are in procurement and supply management. As required by PRC regulations,
we participate in various employee benefit plans that are organized by municipal and provincial governments, including pension,
work-related injury benefits, maternity insurance, and medical and unemployment benefit plans. We are required under PRC law to
make contributions to the employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses, housing funds and certain
allowances of our employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time. We make contributions
to employee benefits equal to 10% of employee salaries. 8 Generally, we enter into a three-year
standard employment contract with all of our officers, managers and other key employees and a one-year standard employment contract
with all other employees. According to these employment contracts, all of our employees are prohibited from engaging in any activities
that compete with our business during the period of their employment with us. Under Chinese law, we may only terminate
employment agreements without cause and without penalty by providing notice of non-renewal one month prior to the date on which
the employment agreement is scheduled to expire. If we fail to provide this notice or if we wish to terminate an employment agreement
in the absence of cause, then we are obligated to pay the employee one month’s salary for each year we have employed the
employee. We are, however, permitted to terminate an employee for cause without penalty to our company, where the employee has
committed a crime or the employee’s actions or inactions have resulted in a material adverse effect to us. Regulations Our products are medical devices and are
subject to regulatory controls governing medical devices. As a distributor of medical equipment and supplies we are subject to
regulation and oversight by different levels of the food and drug administration in China, in particular the SFDA. We are also
subject to other PRC government laws and regulations. SFDA requirements include obtaining certifications, permits, compliance
with clinical testing standards, assembly practices, quality standards, applicable industry standards and adverse event reporting,
and advertising and packaging standards. China’s Regulation of Medical Devices Classification of Medical Devices In China, medical devices are classified
by the SFDA into three different categories, Class I, Class II and Class III, depending on the degree of risk associated
with each medical device and the extent of control needed to ensure safety and effectiveness. Classification of a medical device
is important because the class to which a medical device is assigned determines, among other things, whether a company needs to
obtain a permit and the level of regulatory authority involved in obtaining such permit. Classification of a device also determines
the types of registration required and the level of regulatory authority involved in effecting the product registration. Class I devices require product certification
and are those with low risk to the human body and are subject to “general controls.” Class I devices are regulated
by the city level food and drug administration where the company is located. Class II devices are those with medium risk
to the human body and are subject to “special controls.” Class II devices require product certification, usually
through a quality system assessment, and are regulated by the provincial level food and drug administration where the company
is located. Class III devices are those with high risk to the human body, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable
devices. Class III devices also require product certification and are regulated by the SFDA under the strictest regulatory
control. The majority of our products are classified
as Class II or Class III devices. Our anesthesia machines and ventilators are classified as Class III medical devices,
while the remainder of our products are either classified as Class II or, in the case of our ventilator trolleys and sterilizers,
not categorized devices. Assembly Permit A company must obtain a permit from the
provincial level food and drug administration before commencing the assembly of Class II and Class III medical devices.
No assembly permit is required for Class I devices, but the company must notify the provincial level food and drug administration
where the company is located and file for record with it. An assembly permit, once obtained, is valid for five years and is renewable
upon expiration. We have a single assembly permit, which
covers all products we assemble and is scheduled to expire on September 15, 2013. To renew an assembly permit, a company
needs to submit to the provincial level food and drug administration an application to renew the permit, along with required information
six months before the expiration date of the permit. If we are unable to renew the permit before it expires, we could lose our
ability to assemble our medical devices until the situation is rectified. Although we have not yet renewed our permit, we anticipate
filing our renewal application in the near future. Distribution License A manufacturer or distributor must obtain
a distribution license in order to engage in sales and distribution of Class II and Class III medical devices in China.
A distribution license is valid for five years and is renewable upon expiration. Our distribution license will expire on September
15, 2013. If we are unable to renew the permit before it expires, we could lose our ability to distribute medical devices until
the situation is rectified. Although we have not yet renewed our permit, we anticipate filing our renewal application in the near
future. 9 Registration Requirement Before a medical device can be manufactured
for commercial distribution, a company must affect medical device registration by proving the safety and effectiveness of the
medical device to the satisfaction of respective levels of the food and drug administration. In order to conduct a clinical trial
on a Class II or Class III medical device, the SFDA requires companies to apply for and obtain in advance a favorable
inspection result for the device from an inspection center jointly recognized by the SFDA and the Administration of Quality Supervision,
Inspection and Quarantine. The application to the inspection center must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and
laboratory testing results. If the inspection center approves the application for clinical trial, and the respective levels of
the food and drug administration approve the institutions which will conduct the clinical trials, the company may begin the clinical
trial. A registration application for a Class II or Class III device must provide required pre-clinical and clinical
trial data and information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, production and labeling.
The provincial level food and drug administration, within 60 days of receiving an application for the registration of a Class II
device, and the SFDA, within 90 days of receiving an application for the registration of a Class III device, will notify
the applicant whether the application for registration is approved. If approved, a registration certificate will be issued within
ten days of written approval. If the food and drug administration requires supplemental information, the approval process may
take much longer. The registration is valid for four years. The SFDA may change its policies, adopt
additional regulations, revise existing regulations or tighten enforcement, each of which could block or delay the approval process
for a medical device. The following table discloses the current
registration expiration dates for the products we sell. It is the obligation of that produces the product to seek registration
and any renewals. We are responsible for registering our proprietary products but must rely on the suppliers of other products
to seek registration for those products. We will either cease to sell such product or seek comparable products from other suppliers
in the event the registration is not renewed on expiration. Medical Devices (Including Related Supporting
Products) Product
        Type Product
        Model Registration Expiration Mobile Medical X-Ray Image Devices. Explorer Series mobile and C-armed
    X-ray machine July 2015 IMD Compact Series mobile-X-ray
    machine January 2015 Anesthesia Machines. DHR ORSA Series anesthesia machine February 2014 Ventilator Air Compressor. DHR280 Air Compressor for Ventilators September 2013 Laryngoscope Timesco Laryngoscope September 2014 Injection Pump JMS Injection Pump SP-500 May 2015 Anesthesia Machine Heyer Narkomat August 2015 Trolleys for Ventilators. Not applicable Not a medical
    device Sterilizers for Ventilators. Not applicable Not a medical
    device Respiratory and Oxygen Homecare Products Product
        Type Product
        Model Registration Expiration Oxygen Concentrating Products. Oxygen concentrator April 2014 Sleep Apnea Treatment Products. CPAP C5 Auto CPAP A8 Auto S-CPAP A9 July 2016 July 2016 July 2016 Diagnostic Products. DHR 998 DHR 999 Application stage Application stage Continuing SFDA Regulation We are subject to continuing regulation
by the SFDA. In the event of significant modification to an approved medical device, its labeling or its assembly process, a new
premarket approval or premarket approval supplement may be required. Our products are subject to, among others, the following
regulations: • SFDA’s quality system regulations which require companies
                                                                  to create, implement and follow certain design, testing, control,
                                                                  documentation and other quality assurance procedures; 10 • medical device reporting regulations, which require that
                                                                  companies report to the SFDA certain types of adverse reaction
                                                                  and other events involving their products; and • SFDA’s general prohibition against promoting products
                                                                  for unapproved uses. Class II and III devices may also
be subject to special controls applicable to them, such as supply purchase information, performance standards, quality inspection
procedures and product testing devices which may not be required for Class I devices. We believe we are in compliance with
the applicable SFDA guidelines, but we could be required to change our compliance activities or be subject to other special controls
if the SFDA changes or modifies its existing regulations or adopts new requirements. We are also subject to inspection and
market surveillance by the SFDA to determine compliance with regulatory requirements. If the SFDA decides to enforce its regulations
and rules, the agency can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions such as: • fines, injunctions and civil penalties; • recall or seizure of our products; • the imposition of operating restrictions, partial suspension
                                                                  or complete shutdown of assembly; and • criminal prosecution. China Compulsory Certification Requirements China Compulsory Certification, or CCC,
inclusive of a certificate and a mark, serves as evidence that the covered products can be imported, marketed or used in China.
The CCC mark is administered by the China National Certification and Accreditation Administration, which designates the China
Quality Certification Center to process CCC mark applications. Some medical devices are required to have a CCC mark. We have received
a certificate and a mark for each of our proprietary products for which a CCC mark is required. Other National and Provincial Level Laws and Regulations
in China Beyond those laws and regulations we consider
material to our business, we are subject to evolving regulations under many other laws and regulations administered by governmental
authorities at the national, provincial and city levels, some of which are, or may be, applicable to our business. Our hospital
customers are also subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations that could affect the nature and scope of their relationships
with us. Laws regulating the conduct of business
in our industry cover a broad array of subjects. We must comply with numerous additional state and local laws relating to matters
such as safe working conditions, environmental protection and fire hazard control, which affect all companies doing business in
China. We believe we are currently in compliance with these laws and regulations in all material respects. We may be required
to incur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations in the future. Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory
requirements or adoption of new requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Restriction on Foreign Ownership The principal regulation governing foreign
ownership of medical device businesses in the PRC is the 2011 Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance Catalogue (the “Catalogue”).
The Catalogue classifies the various industries into four categories: encouraged, permitted, restricted and prohibited. As confirmed
by the government authorities, BDL is engaged in an encouraged industry. Such a designation offers businesses distinct advantages.
For example, businesses engaged in encouraged industries: • are not subject to restrictions on foreign investment, and,
                                                                  as such, foreign can own a majority in Sino-foreign joint ventures
                                                                  or establish wholly-owned foreign enterprises in the PRC; • provided such company has total investment of less than
                                                                  $100 million, the company is subject to regional (not central)
                                                                  government examination and approval which are generally more
                                                                  efficient and less time-consuming; and • may import certain equipment while enjoying a tariff and
                                                                  import-stage value-added tax exemption. The National Development and Reform Commission
and the Ministry of Commerce periodically jointly revise the Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance Catalogue. As such, there
is a possibility that our company’s business may fall outside the scope of the definition of an encouraged industry in the
future. Should this occur, we would no longer benefit from such designation. 11 Regulation of Foreign Currency Exchange The principal regulations governing foreign
currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations (1996), as amended, and the Administration Rules
of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996). Under these regulations, Renminbi are freely convertible for current
account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
but not for most capital account items, such as direct investment, loan, repatriation of investment and investment in securities
outside China, unless the prior approval of SAFE or its local counterparts is obtained. In addition, any loans to an operating
subsidiary in China that is a foreign invested enterprise, cannot, in the aggregate, exceed the difference between its respective
approved total investment amount and its respective approved registered capital amount. Furthermore, any foreign loan must be
registered with SAFE or its local counterparts for the loan to be effective. Any increase in the amount of the total investment
and registered capital must be approved by the PRC Ministry of Commerce or its local counterpart. We may not be able to obtain
these government approvals or registrations on a timely basis, if at all, which could result in a delay in the process of making
these loans. The dividends paid by the subsidiary to
its shareholder are deemed shareholder income and are taxable in China. Pursuant to the Administration Rules of the Settlement,
Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), foreign-invested enterprises in China may purchase or remit foreign exchange, subject
to a cap approved by SAFE, for settlement of current account transactions without the approval of SAFE. Foreign exchange transactions
under the capital account are still subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant
PRC governmental authorities. Regulation of Dividend Distribution The principal regulations governing the
distribution of dividends by foreign holding companies include the Foreign Investment Enterprise Law (1986), as amended, and the
Administrative Rules under the Foreign Investment Enterprise Law (2001). Under these regulations, foreign investment
enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their retained profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, foreign investment enterprises in China are required to allocate at least 10% of their
respective retained profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds unless these reserves have reached 50% of the registered
capital of the enterprises. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Notice 75 On October 21, 2005, SAFE issued
Notice 75, which became effective as of November 1, 2005. According to Notice 75, prior registration with the local
SAFE branch is required for PRC residents to establish or to control an offshore company for the purposes of financing that offshore
company with assets or equity interests in an onshore enterprise located in the PRC. An amendment to registration or filing with
the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required for the injection of equity interests or assets of an onshore enterprise
in the offshore company or overseas funds raised by such offshore company, or any other material change involving a change in
the capital of the offshore company. Moreover, Notice 75 applies retroactively.
As a result, PRC residents who have established or acquired control of offshore companies that have made onshore investments in
the PRC in the past are required to complete the relevant registration procedures with the local SAFE branch. Under the relevant
rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in Notice 75 may result in restrictions being imposed
on the foreign exchange activities of the relevant onshore company, including the increase of its registered capital, the payment
of dividends and other distributions to its offshore parent or affiliate and capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may
also subject relevant PRC residents to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations. PRC residents who control our company
are required to register with SAFE in connection with their investments in us. Such individuals completed this registration in
2007, and 2008, as amended. If we use our equity interest to purchase the assets or equity interest of a PRC company owned by
PRC residents in the future, such PRC residents will be subject to the registration procedures described in Notice 75. Trademark Rights The PRC Trademark Law, adopted in 1982
and revised in 2001, with its implementation rules adopted in 2002, protects registered trademarks. The Trademark Office of the
State Administration of Industry and Commerce (“SAIC”), handles trademark registrations and grants trademark registrations
for a term of ten years. 12 Regulations on Offshore Parent Holding Companies’
Direct Investment in and Loans to Their PRC Subsidiaries An offshore company may invest equity
in a PRC company, which will become the PRC subsidiary of the offshore holding company after investment. Such equity investment
is subject to a series of laws and regulations generally applicable to any foreign-invested enterprise in China, which include
the Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Contractual Joint
Venture Enterprise Law, all as amended from time to time, and their respective implementing rules; the Tentative Provisions on
the Foreign Exchange Registration Administration of Foreign-Invested Enterprise; and the Notice on Certain Matters Relating to
the Change of Registered Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises. Under the aforesaid laws and regulations,
the increase of the registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise is subject to the prior approval by the original approval
authority of its establishment. In addition, the increase of registered capital and total investment amount shall both be registered
with SAIC and SAFE. Shareholder loans made by offshore parent
holding companies to their PRC subsidiaries are regarded as foreign debts in China for regulatory purpose, which is subject to
a number of PRC laws and regulations, including the PRC Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations, the Interim Measures on Administration
on Foreign Debts, the Tentative Provisions on the Statistics Monitoring of Foreign Debts and its implementation rules, and the
Administration Rules on the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange. Under these regulations, the shareholder
loans made by offshore parent holding companies to their PRC subsidiaries shall be registered with SAFE. Furthermore, the total
amount of foreign debts that can be borrowed by such PRC subsidiaries, including any shareholder loans, shall not exceed the difference
between the total investment amount and the registered capital amount of the PRC subsidiaries, both of which are subject to the
governmental approval. Item 1A.

