TICKER: NESR
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain
for our business. Additionally, any possible reprisals
as a consequence of military or other action, such as acts of terrorism in the Middle East, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, and financial condition. 20 Conditions
in the Middle East, including current uncertainty and instability resulting from the conflict between the United States, Israel and Iran,
as well as other regional hostilities could adversely affect our business. The
majority of our operations and facilities are located in the Middle East. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in
the Middle East and the surrounding region directly affect our business and could materially and adversely affect our business, operations,
or personnel. Most recently, on February 28, 2026, the security situation escalated significantly with the commencement of a major military
conflict involving the United States, Israel, and Iran. This situation has led to the closure of regional airspace and retaliatory strikes
impacting multiple nations in the Middle East where we operate, including Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Qatar. Such
conflict has resulted in, and could continue to result in, supply disruptions, damage to energy infrastructure, increased shipping and
insurance costs, delays or rerouting of oil and gas cargos, heightened security risks, and increased volatility in oil and gas prices,
all of which could affect our customers and our ability to do business with them. The
intensity and duration of this active conflict are difficult to predict. Although the current hostilities have not materially impacted
our business or operations as of the date of this Annual Report, the conflict is rapidly evolving and developing and it is not possible
to predict its long-term consequences on us or our customers. Any escalation and expansion of this conflict could have a negative impact
on both global and regional conditions and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The
Company is subject to various laws and regulations in the regions in which it operates, and changes in such laws and regulations, failure
to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, and disputes regarding compliance with such laws and regulations could adversely
affect the Company’s business. The
legal risk of doing business in the MENA region and elsewhere could adversely affect the Company’s operations and earnings. Such
risks include the impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of changes in laws or regulations, and the consequences of litigation
relating to current or future laws and regulations, all of which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations.
In addition, laws in some countries the Company operates in can be vague, inconsistently administered, and retroactively applied, which
can increase the Company’s exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings, which can be costly. For example,
the Company is currently party to litigation in Qatar and the UAE regarding ownership and historical profits of operating subsidiaries
acquired in the acquisition of NPS. See Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies , to the Company’s financial statements included
in this Annual Report. Failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of governmental or judicial authorities and rulings
that go against the Company could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, changes in commercial registrations,
administrative enforcement actions, effects on covenant compliance under the Company’s bank loans, fines, and civil and criminal
liability, which could then have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operating results and financial position. Physical
dangers are inherent in our operations and may expose us to significant potential liability and losses. Personnel and property may be
harmed during the process of drilling for oil and natural gas. Drilling
for and producing hydrocarbons, and the associated products and services that we provide, include inherent dangers that may lead to property
damage or damage to geological formations, personal injury or loss of life, or the discharge of hazardous materials into the environment.
Many of these events are outside our control. Typically, we provide products and services at a well site where our personnel and equipment
are located together with personnel and equipment of our customer and third parties, such as other service providers. At many sites,
we depend on other companies and personnel to conduct drilling operations in accordance with appropriate safety standards. From time
to time, personnel are injured or equipment or property is damaged or destroyed as a result of accidents, failed equipment, faulty products
or services, failure of safety measures, uncontained formation pressures or other dangers inherent in drilling for oil and natural gas.
Any of these events can be the result of human error. With increasing frequency, our products and services are deployed on more challenging
prospects both onshore and offshore, where the occurrence of the types of events mentioned above can have an even more catastrophic impact
on people, equipment and the environment. These risks could expose us to substantial liability for personal injury, wrongful death, property
damage, loss of oil and natural gas production, pollution and other environmental damages and could expose us to a variety of claims,
losses and remedial obligations. In addition, interruption of customer activity as a result of such events could adversely affect our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If
we do not effectively or efficiently integrate the operations of businesses or companies we acquire, our future growth will be limited. From time to time, we may evaluate and seek to acquire assets or businesses
that we believe complement our existing business and related assets. We
may not achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of various factors, including integration and collaboration challenges.
The success of any acquisition is subject to various risks, including: ● the
    inability to integrate the operations of recently acquired assets; ● the
    diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; ● the
    failure to realize expected volumes, revenues, profitability, or growth; ● the
    failure to realize any expected synergies and cost savings; ● the
    coordination of geographically disparate organizations, systems, and facilities; ● the
    assumption of unknown liabilities; ● the
    loss of customers or key employees; and ● potential
    environmental or regulatory liabilities and title problems. 21 The
assessment by our management of these risks is inexact and may not reveal or resolve all existing and potential risks. Realization of
any of these risks could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We
operate in a highly competitive industry, and many of our competitors are larger than us and have greater resources than we do. Several
of our primary competitors are diversified multinational companies with substantially larger operating staff and greater capital resources.
These larger competitors’ greater resources could allow them to better withstand industry downturns and to compete more effectively
on the basis of technology, geographic scope and retained skilled personnel. If
we are unable to keep pace with technology developments in the industry, including advancements in artificial intelligence, this could adversely affect our ability to maintain or grow
market share. The
oilfield service industry is subject to the introduction of new drilling and completion techniques, services using new technologies,
and emissions control requirements that could yield service innovations, some of which may be subject to patent or other intellectual
property protections. Some of these new technologies may be disruptive and lead to the rapid replacement of existing technologies. If we do not invest promptly in emerging technology such as artificial
intelligence or fail to manage these technological advancements appropriately, our business may be adversely affected. We
intend to introduce and integrate new technologies and procedures used by North American and European based oilfield service companies;
however, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop and implement new technologies or services on a timely basis or at an acceptable
cost. The oilfield service industry is highly competitive and dominated by a few large players that have resources to invest in new technologies.
Our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to maintain or increase prices for our
services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. If we are unable to continue to acquire
or develop competitive technology or deliver it to our customers in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve,
it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. FINANCIAL,
REGULATORY, LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS Impairment
in the carrying value of goodwill could result in the incurrence of impairment charges. As
of December 31, 2025, we had goodwill of $645.1 million. We review the carrying value of our goodwill for impairment annually or more
frequently if certain indicators are present. In the event we determine that the value of goodwill has become impaired, an accounting
charge for the amount of the impairment during the period in which the determination is made may be recognized. While we have not recorded
any impairment charge for goodwill for the periods presented in this Annual Report, future changes in our business and operations or
external market conditions, among other factors, could require us to record an impairment charge for goodwill, which could lead to decreased
assets and reduced income. If a significant write-down is required, the charge could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. We
may not be fully indemnified against financial losses in all circumstances where damage to or loss of property, personal injury, death
or environmental harm occur. As
is customary in our industry, our contracts typically require that our customers indemnify us for claims arising from the injury or death
of their employees (and those of their other contractors), the loss or damage of their equipment (and that of their other contractors),
damage to the well or reservoir and environmental impacts originating from the customer’s equipment or from the reservoir (including uncontained
oil flow from a reservoir) and claims arising from catastrophic events, such as a well blowout, fire, explosion and from environmental impacts below
the surface. Conversely, we typically indemnify our customers for claims arising from the injury or death of our employees, the loss
or damage of our equipment (other than equipment lost in the hole) or environmental impacts originating from our equipment above the surface of the
earth or water. Our
indemnification arrangements may not protect us in every case. For example, from time to time we may enter into contracts with less favorable
indemnities or perform work without a contract that protects us. Our indemnity arrangements may also be held to be overly broad in some
courts and/or contrary to public policy in some jurisdictions, and to that extent unenforceable. Additionally, some jurisdictions which
permit indemnification nonetheless limit its scope by statute. We may be subject to claims brought by third parties or government agencies
with respect to which we are not indemnified. Furthermore, the parties from which we seek indemnity may not be solvent, may become bankrupt,
may lack resources or insurance to honor their indemnities or may not otherwise be able to satisfy their indemnity obligations to us.
The lack of enforceable indemnification could expose us to significant potential liability and losses. Further,
our assets generally are not insured against loss from political violence such as war, terrorism or civil unrest. If any of our assets
are damaged or destroyed as a result of an uninsured cause, we could recognize a loss of those assets. 22 We
operate in multiple countries and earn revenue in different currencies and as such may be exposed to risks arising from fluctuating exchange
rates and currency control restrictions, which may limit our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the
capital needs of our operations in other countries or to repatriate assets from some countries. A
portion of our consolidated revenue and consolidated operating expenses is in foreign currencies. As a result, we will be subject to
risks, including: ● foreign
    currency exchange risks resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the implementation of exchange controls; and ● potential
    limitations that might be imposed on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs
    of our operations in other countries. In
the future, we may enter into foreign currency hedging contracts to reduce foreign currency volatility. However, we currently do not
maintain foreign currency hedging contracts with respect to our foreign currencies, and any contracts we may enter into may not fully
mitigate our foreign currency risk, may prove disadvantageous or may create additional risks. Changes in international tax laws and the ongoing implementation of global minimum tax rules could increase our tax
liabilities and compliance costs and adversely affect our results of operations. We
have a presence in over 16 countries. Consequently, we are subject to the jurisdiction of a significant number of taxing
authorities. The income earned in these various jurisdictions is taxed on differing bases, including income actually earned, income
deemed earned, and revenue-based tax withholding. The final determination of our income tax liabilities involves the interpretation
of local tax laws, tax treaties, and related regulations in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant use of estimates and
assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and the nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. Changes in the
operating environment, including changes in or new interpretations of tax laws, could impact the determination of our income tax
liabilities for the year. The
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) has issued a series of reports and guidance addressing base
erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”), which are intended to limit perceived tax avoidance by multinational enterprises. These
initiatives have driven significant changes in tax laws and regulations in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, increased scrutiny
by tax authorities, and reduced the ability of multinational enterprises to engage in tax planning strategies historically available
to them. A
central component of the OECD’s BEPS initiative is the global minimum tax framework, commonly referred to as Pillar Two, which
is intended to ensure that large multinational groups are subject to a minimum effective tax rate of 15% on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction
basis. In October 2021, more than 130 jurisdictions agreed in principle to the Pillar Two framework, and a growing number of countries
have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, legislation to implement these rules. During
2025, certain jurisdictions in which we operate, including the UAE, Kuwait, Bahrain, and Qatar, introduced Domestic
Minimum Top-Up Taxes (“DMTT”), which are designed to ensure that income earned locally is subject to a minimum effective
tax rate. In addition, Qatar and Oman have implemented Income Inclusion Rules
(“IIR”), which permit tax authorities to impose top-up tax at the level of a parent entity where the effective tax rate of
constituent entities in other jurisdictions falls below the minimum threshold. Further, other jurisdictions in which we have a presence,
including the UK, the Netherlands, and Indonesia, have implemented Undertaxed Profits Rules (“UTPR”), which may
result in additional top-up taxes being allocated to those jurisdictions where income is not otherwise subject to tax under a qualified
IIR or DMTT. The
implementation of these rules significantly increases the complexity of our global tax structure and may result in increased current
tax liabilities, reduced cash flows, higher compliance and administrative costs, and increased volatility in our effective tax rate.
The application of the Pillar Two framework involves complex calculations, significant judgments, and reliance on financial information
from multiple jurisdictions, which increases the risk of errors, inconsistent interpretations, and disputes with tax authorities. In
addition, differences in how jurisdictions interpret, enact, and administer these rules, as well as changes in guidance over time, may
result in unexpected tax exposures, double taxation, and/or additional top-up taxes that we may not be able to mitigate through tax credits
or other relief mechanisms. We
continue to evaluate the potential impact of these developments; however, we cannot predict with certainty the manner, or the full
extent to which Pillar Two rules will apply to us. As a result, these developments could materially increase the amount of taxes
we are required to pay and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Lack
of consolidation of our fiscal results in a taxpaying jurisdiction prevents offsetting some losses against taxable profits. As a result of
our legal entity structure, annual fiscal losses in one of our subsidiaries may not be eligible to be offset against profits in another
subsidiary within the same jurisdiction to reduce consolidated tax liabilities. The
owners of NESR ordinary shares are subject to tax risks due to the possibility of changes in tax rules and regulations in foreign countries. Holders of our ordinary shares may be subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions,
including the jurisdictions in which we operate and in which our subsidiaries are organized. Changes in tax laws, regulations, treaties,
or administrative interpretations in any relevant jurisdiction, including changes in the tax treatment of dividends, capital gains, withholding
taxes, or other distributions, could adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in our ordinary shares. In addition, changes
to cross-border tax rules, anti-avoidance measures, minimum tax regimes, or information-reporting requirements could increase compliance
burdens or result in additional taxes for shareholders. These developments may reduce the after-tax return on an investment in our ordinary
shares and could adversely affect the market price of our shares. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding
the tax consequences of an investment in our ordinary shares in light of their particular circumstances. If
our subsidiaries are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in their debt agreements, they could default under the
terms of such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of repayment. If
our subsidiaries are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in their debt agreements, they could default under the
terms of these agreements. Our subsidiaries’ ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants, including meeting
financial ratios and tests, may be affected by events beyond their control. As a result, we cannot assure that our subsidiaries will
be able to comply with these restrictions and covenants or meet such financial ratios and tests. 23 If
our subsidiaries are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required
payments of principal, premium (if any), and interest on their indebtedness, or if they otherwise fail to comply with the various
covenants, including financial and operating covenants in the instruments governing their indebtedness they could default under the
terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such a default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to
declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under our
subsidiaries’ debt agreements could terminate their commitments to lend, cease making further loans, seize collateral and
institute foreclosure proceedings against their assets, and our subsidiaries could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If any
of these events occur, the assets of our subsidiaries might not be sufficient to repay in full all of their outstanding indebtedness
and we may be unable to find alternative financing. Even if we could obtain alternative financing, it might not be on terms that are
favorable or acceptable to us or our subsidiaries. Additionally, we may not be able to amend their debt agreements or obtain needed
waivers on satisfactory terms. To
service our indebtedness, we may require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash will depend on many factors beyond
our control. Our
ability to make payments on and to refinance our subsidiaries’ indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures depends
in part on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our growth and capital expenditure plan require substantial capital, and any
inability to obtain such capital could lead to a decline in our ability to sustain our current business, access new service markets
or grow our business. Our subsidiaries’ debt is required to be repaid through an installment structure that may unduly strain
our ability to meet our growth objectives. Our ability to service such indebtedness is, to a certain extent, subject to general
economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot provide assurance
that we will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that we will realize operating improvements on schedule, or that future
borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service and repay our subsidiaries’ indebtedness or
to fund their other liquidity needs. If we are unable to satisfy our subsidiaries’ debt obligations, we may have to undertake
alternative financing plans, such as: ● refinancing
    or restructuring their debt; ● selling
    assets; ● reducing
    or delaying capital investments; or ● seeking
    to raise additional capital. Collection
of receivables from work performed may not be sufficient to fund working capital needs. We have arranged financing in anticipation of
our projected cash requirements, but events beyond our control could cause cash collection to be less than projected and cause us not
to meet our subsidiaries’ debt obligations. We
cannot provide assurance that any additional refinancing or debt restructuring would be possible, that any assets could be sold or that,
if sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales would be favorable to us or that additional financing
could be obtained on acceptable terms. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy the debt obligations, or to obtain
alternative financing, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
For more information on our outstanding indebtedness and the terms and conditions related thereto, please see Note 10, Debt, to the consolidated
financial statements. 24 Our
borrowings under our various loan agreements and other financing arrangements expose us to interest rate risk and such arrangements also
include restrictive covenants that may impact our subsidiaries’ ability to make distributions to us. Our
earnings are exposed to interest rate risk associated with $312.3 million in borrowings under our various loan agreements and other
financing arrangements as of December 31, 2025. Each of these arrangements requires the payment of floating interest rates based
upon short-term interest rate indices. If interest rates increase, so will our interest costs, which may have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally,
the terms of these financing arrangements, including the restrictive covenants therein, may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries
to make distributions to us, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. We
are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties, and delay, non-payment, and/or non-performance by our customers could
have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We
are subject to risks of loss resulting from non-payment or non-performance by our customers and other counterparties. Customers may also
delay payments by imposing complex administrative processes, by disputing or rejecting invoices, or through other means. Any increase
in the non-payment and non-performance by our customers could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash
flows. Lower commodity prices may result in a significant reduction in the liquidity of our customers and their ability to make payment
or perform on their obligations to us. Furthermore, some of our customers may be leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory
risks, which increases the risk that they may default on their obligations to us. Limitations
on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including our trade secrets, could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive
advantage. Some
of our products or services, and the processes they use to produce or provide products and services, constitute trade secrets and confidential
know how. We may lose employees who have knowledge of important trade secrets and who may not be prohibited in the relevant countries
in which they work from using such trade secrets to compete with us. Our business may be adversely affected if any acquired patents are
unenforceable, the claims allowed under their patents are not sufficient to protect our technology, our patent applications are denied,
or our trade secrets are not adequately protected. In addition, our competitors may be able to independently develop technology that
is similar to the technology used by us without infringing on our patents or gaining access to our trade secrets, which could adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We
may be subject to litigation if another party claims that we have infringed upon such party’s intellectual property rights. The
tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components that we use to provide our services may infringe upon the intellectual property
rights of others. Infringement claims may result in significant legal and other costs and may distract our management from running our
core business. Royalty payments under licenses from third parties, if available, and developing non-infringing technologies would increase
our costs. If licenses were required and not available, we might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product, which
could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Environmental
compliance costs and liabilities could reduce our earnings and cash available for operations. We
are subject to increasingly stringent laws and regulations relating to the importation and use, storage, handling, transportation, and
disposal of hazardous materials, radioactive materials, chemicals and explosives, and to environmental protection and health and safety,
including laws and regulations governing air emissions, hydraulic fracturing, water and other discharges and waste management and natural
resources. For more information, see our regulatory disclosures titled “Environmental Regulation” and “Health and Safety
Regulation.” We expect to incur capital and operating costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations. The technical requirements
of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly complex, stringent and expensive to implement. Further, the environmental regulatory landscape has become increasingly unpredictable and divergent across and within
foreign jurisdictions, increasing compliance costs. Our
operations use and generate hazardous substances and waste. Accordingly, we could become subject to material liabilities relating to
the investigation and clean-up of potentially contaminated properties, and to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as the
result of exposures to, or releases of, hazardous substances or waste. Applicable laws may provide for “strict liability”
for remediation costs, damages to natural resources or threats to public health and safety. Strict liability can render a party liable
for damages without regard to negligence or fault on the part of the party. Some environmental laws provide for joint and several liabilities
for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances and wastes. Joint and several liability can render one party liable for
all damages arising from a spill or release even if other parties also contributed to the spill or release. 25 In
addition, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination
or the imposition of new or increased requirements could require us to incur costs, become the basis for new or increased liabilities,
subject us to certain government-imposed penalties or result in certain licenses being revoked. Any of these developments could reduce
our earnings and cash available for operations or otherwise result in interruptions or delays in our operations that could have an adverse
effect on our financial position. We
could be subject to substantial liability claims, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows. The
technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. Our products
and service offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives, and other equipment and services
that are deployed in challenging exploration, development, and production environments. An accident involving these services or equipment,
or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment,
or suspension of operations. Our insurance may not protect us against liability for certain kinds of events, including events involving
pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance for certain risks
or at levels of risk coverage or policy limits that we deem adequate. Any damages caused by our services or products that are not covered
by insurance or are in excess of policy limits or subject to substantial deductibles, could adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. Demand
for our products and services could be reduced by existing and future legislation or regulations. Environmental
advocacy groups and regulatory agencies in the U.S. and other countries have been focusing considerable attention on the emissions of
carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases and their role in climate change. Existing or future legislation and regulations related
to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, as well as government or private sector initiatives to conserve energy or promote the
use of alternative energy sources, or reduce greenhouse gas emissions, may significantly curtail demand and production of fossil fuels
such as oil and natural gas in areas of the world where our customers operate and thus adversely affect future demand for our services.
For more information, see our regulatory disclosure titled “Environmental Regulation.” Some
international, national, state, and local governments and agencies have also adopted laws and regulations or are evaluating proposed
legislation and regulations that are focused on the extraction of shale gas or oil using hydraulic fracturing. Hydraulic fracturing
is a stimulation treatment routinely performed on oil and natural gas wells in low-permeability reservoirs. Specially engineered
fluids with proppants are pumped at high pressure and rate into the reservoir interval to be treated, causing cracks in the target
formation. Future hydraulic fracturing-related legislation or regulations could limit or ban hydraulic fracturing, or lead to
operational delays and increased costs, including for the capture of fugitive methane emissions, and therefore reduce demand for our
pressure pumping services. If such additional international, national, state, or local legislation or regulations are enacted, it
could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 26 Increased
attention to climate change, ESG matters and conservation measures by regulators and investors may adversely impact our business. Increasing
attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, investor and societal expectations regarding
voluntary ESG disclosures, and consumer demand for alternative forms of energy may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our
services, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets.
Increasing attention to climate change and environmental conservation, for example, may result in demand shifts for oil and natural gas
products, additional governmental investigations, and private litigation against oil and natural gas operators. To the extent that societal
pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be incurred without regard to our causation
of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. All of these factors have the potential to adversely affect
demand for our services, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Moreover,
while we may make voluntary statements regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures
are based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or
forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain
and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach
to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. Consequently, while we continue to examine potential ESG-related risks and
opportunities, set goals, and implement mitigation measures, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will be successful. In addition,
as this is a continuously evolving area, we can provide no assurance that our current assessment of ESG-related risks and opportunities
is comprehensive or that the risks we identify and our conclusions about their effects and potential mitigation will not be subject to
change. In
addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes
for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting
decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and recent activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with energy-related assets could
lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us and our industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which
could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. Also, institutional lenders may decide not to
provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies based on climate change related concerns, which could affect our access to capital. Some
of our customers require bids for contracts in the form of long-term, fixed pricing contracts that require us to assume additional risks
associated with cost over-runs, operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, supplier and contractor pricing and performance,
and potential claims for liquidated damages. Some
of our customers, primarily NOCs, require bids for contracts in the form of long-term, fixed pricing contracts that require us to provide
integrated project management services outside our normal discrete businesses acting as project managers as well as service providers,
and require us to assume additional risks associated with cost over-runs. In addition, NOCs often operate in countries with unsettled
political conditions, war, civil unrest, or other types of community issues that may also result in cost over-runs, delays, and project
losses. 27 Providing
services on an integrated basis or long-term may also require us to assume additional risks associated with operating cost inflation,
labor availability and productivity, supplier pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages. We might rely on
third-party subcontractors and equipment providers to assist our customers with the completion of these types of contracts. To the extent
that we cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials in a timely manner and on reasonable terms or on terms consistent
with the customer contract, our ability to complete a project in accordance with stated deadlines or at a profit may be impaired. If
the amount we are required to pay for these goods and services exceeds the amount we have estimated in bidding for fixed-price work,
we could experience losses in the performance of these contracts. These delays and additional costs may be substantial, and we may be
required to compensate our customers for these delays. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project and
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our
failure to comply with complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We
are subject to complex U.S. and foreign jurisdictions’ laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
and various other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. At this time, while the U.K. Bribery Act has not been adopted to apply to
BVI companies, it applies to our employees and our subsidiaries that are U.K. citizens or residents, including any British overseas
territory citizens, and any subsidiaries formed in the U.K. We and our employees may also be subject to trade controls (including
export controls) and sanctions laws and regulations that restrict the movement of people, funds, certain goods, and technologies to,
and certain operations in, various countries or dealings with certain persons (individuals and entities). Thus, our ability to
transfer funds, people and products among certain countries and engage in certain transactions or activities are subject to
maintaining required licenses and complying with these laws and regulations. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and
employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing
employees, contractors, agents or other persons acting on our behalf from violating or circumventing such internal policies or
violating applicable laws and regulations. Any determination that we have violated or are responsible for violations of
anti-bribery, trade controls, sanctions or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
may result in fines and penalties, sanctions, administrative remedies or restrictions on business conduct, and could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation and our business. Regulatory
enforcement and accountability mechanisms have steadily changed the financial landscape for companies organized in the BVI. One major
regulatory development came in 2014 following the enactment in the U.S. of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”)
which was designed primarily to reduce tax evasion by U.S. persons using overseas accounts and financial services entities or institutions.
FATCA requires certain types of foreign entities to identify and report specific information to the United States Internal Revenue Service
(“IRS”) about U.S. taxpayers holding foreign accounts and financial assets. The reporting obligations under FATCA were directly
implemented into BVI Law in 2014, in relation to BVI entities carrying on certain activities. 28 Another
key regulatory change came following the BVI’s implementation of the “Common Reporting Standard” (“CRS”)
into its financial services legislation and oversight. CRS reporting in the BVI commenced during the second half of 2017. CRS obligations
were specifically designed to fight against tax evasion, and, as with FATCA, the CRS system requires certain types of financial services
entities or institutions established in the CRS jurisdiction to report certain financial account information to their national tax or
other relevant authority, who then share that information automatically on an annual basis with other CRS partner jurisdictions. We are
not currently required to comply with either CRS or FATCA. We
 are subject to sanctions and export control regimes adopted by the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We are subject to laws, reporting requirements and sanctions imposed by
the U.S. or by other jurisdictions where we do business that may restrict or prohibit us, certain of our affiliates, and our employees,
agents, and other representatives, from doing business in certain countries, with certain individuals or entities, including in the oil
and natural gas sector, or engaging in certain transactions or activities. Countries in the Middle East, Asia, and Africa are among the
locations in which the U.S., the United Nations, the UK and the EU have imposed economic sanctions that may restrict or impede contracting
and other transactions or dealings involving identified sanctioned countries or parties. We cannot predict what sanctions might be imposed
in the future against any country in which we or our subsidiaries might operate or might receive contracts for performing services. In
addition, the U.S. Commerce Department and State Department administer export controls that regulate the types of commodities and technologies
that can be sold or provided to certain countries or recipients if such commodities are subject to U.S. jurisdiction. Such export controls
are modified from time to time and can change without notice. Trade restrictions, export controls and sanctions could adversely impact
our potential income, existing business operations, or our ability to pursue new undeveloped business objectives. The
U.S. government has implemented mechanisms to collect information from issuers related to certain business activities that might be sanctionable
under the various U.S. sanctions programs. Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 requires an annual
or quarterly “219 Report” to be filed with the SEC by any issuer, and requires the company to disclose certain business activities
relating to U.S. sanctions, which includes certain activities involving the Iranian energy sector, even if the activity is not prohibited
by U.S. sanctions for the foreign company. Such reporting of any future activities that we or our subsidiaries may engage in, could initiate
an investigation by the U.S. government and require us to engage counsel to monitor or respond to such investigations. A 219 Report is
required for knowingly engaging in certain activities, including activities that constitute an investment in the Iranian energy sector
of $5 million each, or in the aggregate of over $20 million in a 12-month period, among other types of transactions. A 219 Report is
also required for knowingly engaging in any transaction with certain individuals or entities identified in the U.S. Department of the
Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control’s (“OFAC”) List of Specially Designated Nationals (“SDNs”)
and Blocked Persons (“SDN List”), whether or not located in Iran, depending on the reason such persons were designated as
SDNs. The risk of an investigation or inadvertent action that relates to sanctionable activity could increase costs and have an adverse
impact on financial conditions and results of operations. Our
operations in the Middle East and other countries could require us to incur additional costs in order to comply with U.S., UK and EU
sanctions-related regulations restricting or prohibiting activities with certain individuals and entities or in certain jurisdictions. The U.S. government, the UK government and the EU have established lists
of persons (individuals and entities) with which engaging in business with a person (individuals and entities) subject to the jurisdiction
of such government authority is prohibited without a license. For example, the property and interests in property of persons identified
on the SDN List are blocked when in the U.S. or in the possession or control of U.S. persons. U.S. persons are broadly prohibited from
engaging in transactions or dealings of any nature with persons on the SDN List or with entities owned 50 percent or more (directly or
indirectly) by persons on the SDN List. Non-U.S. persons are also prohibited from engaging in transactions or dealings with persons on
the SDN List or with entities owned 50 percent or more (directly or indirectly) by persons on the SDN List, if such transactions or dealings
involve U.S. persons or activity occurring from, through or within the U.S. In addition, non-U.S. persons can become subject to so-called
“secondary sanctions” for significant dealings outside the U.S. with U.S. sanctions targets, even if such dealings have no
U.S. nexus. OFAC may designate an individual or entity on the SDN List for a variety of reasons, depending on the applicable sanctions
program that serves as the authority for the designation. There is no advance notice or advance due process for the listed person. If
any person were to be added to the SDN List, no U.S. persons could be involved (directly or indirectly) in contracting with or providing
services to, or otherwise engaging in transactions or dealings involving, such listed person or entities owned 50% or more (directly or
indirectly) by such listed person without prior authorization. Disclosure in a 219 Report is also required for knowingly engaging in any
transaction or dealing with certain SDNs. 29 Similarly,
the UK government publishes a UK Sanctions List, which provides details of those persons designated under the UK Sanctions and Anti-Money
Laundering Act 2018, and the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation (“OFSI”) also publishes a Consolidated List of
Financial Sanction Targets, which covers all financial sanctions designations imposed by the UK. UK financial sanctions apply to any
individual or entity within the UK’s territory, or that carry out activities within the UK’s territory. UK nationals and
entities, including their overseas branches, must comply with UK sanctions regardless of where they are located or where their activities
take place. Financial sanctions measures can include targeted asset freezes on individuals and entities, which may prohibit any persons
or companies from (1) dealing with funds or economic resources belonging to, or controlled by, a designated person, or (2) making any
funds available, directly, indirectly or otherwise for the benefit of a designated person. Any suspected or actual breach must be reported
to the OFSI, and breaches of any financial sanctions may result in significant fines (or carry a penal sentence for individuals). EU
sanctions also target companies, groups, organizations, or individuals through similar measures including asset freezes or other economic
measures. The European Commission similarly maintains an EU-specific consolidated list of persons, groups and entities subject to EU
financial sanctions, with EU sanctions being binding on EU nationals or persons located in the EU or companies doing business in the
EU. Although
we cannot be assured that no individual or entity with which or with whom we or our subsidiaries conduct business
will be identified on the SDN List or other relevant denied party lists in the future, we have confirmed that to the best of our knowledge
none of our key employees, key

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, or any companies with which we are currently conducting business, nor or any of our subsidiaries,
their key employees, key vendors, or any company with which they are currently conducting business are listed on the SDN List or similar
lists in the EU and UK. If any customer, employee or vendor were to be listed on the SDN List in the future (or similar lists in the
EU and UK), we would need to incur costs to seek legal advice, and good-faith related enforcement. We
are subject to litigation risks that may not be covered by insurance. In
the ordinary course of business, we and our subsidiaries may become the subject of various claims, lawsuits, and administrative
proceedings seeking damages or other remedies concerning our commercial operations, employees, and other matters. We maintain
insurance to cover certain potential losses and are subject to various self-insurance retentions and deductibles under our insurance
policies. It is possible, however, that a judgment could be rendered against us in cases in which we could be uninsured and beyond
the amounts that we currently have reserved or anticipate incurring for such matters. If we were made a party to lawsuits to which
our subsidiaries are currently a party, we could be exposed to one or more judgments that are in excess of what our management may
believe that it should pay and would not likely be covered by insurance. In addition, insurance coverage is increasingly expensive,
including with respect to directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, or “D&O insurance.” We may not
be able to maintain D&O insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may
arise. We
may be unable to obtain, maintain or renew permits necessary for our operations, which could inhibit our ability to do business. In
order to perform our operations, we are required to obtain and maintain a number of government permits, licenses and approvals with terms
and conditions containing a significant number of prescriptive limits and performance standards. While this is a common scenario for
foreign investors operating in the region, we must comply with relevant foreign ownership restrictions and/or applicable licenses, permits,
and approvals for the operation of foreign owned entities in the jurisdictions of the GCC. The GCC has made efforts to increase local
content and in country value requirements. All the permits, licenses, approval limits, and standards require a significant amount of
monitoring, record keeping, and reporting in order to demonstrate compliance with the underlying permit, license, approval limit or standard.
Noncompliance or incomplete documentation of our compliance status may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive relief.
A decision by a government agency to deny or delay the issuance of a new or existing material permit or other approval, or to revoke
or substantially modify an existing permit or other approval, could adversely affect our ability to initiate or continue operations at
the affected location or facility. Furthermore, such a decision could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 30 We
might require additional equity or debt financing to fund operations and/or future acquisitions. We
may need access to additional debt or equity capital to fund operations or to fund potential acquisitions. If additional capital is required,
we may not be able to obtain debt and/or equity financing on terms favorable to us, or at all. The failure to obtain additional funding
could result in a curtailment of our operations and future development, which in turn could adversely affect our business, results of
operations, and financial condition. The
assessment by our management of these risks is inexact and may not reveal or resolve all existing and potential risks. Realization of
any of these risks could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As
of January 1, 2026, we were no longer a foreign private issuer and we are required to comply with the provisions of the Exchange Act,
and the rules of Nasdaq, applicable to U.S. domestic issuers, which will continue to require us to incur significant expenses and expend
time and resources. As
of January 1, 2026, we were no longer a foreign private issuer, and we are required to comply with all of the provisions applicable to
a U.S. domestic issuer under the Exchange Act, including filing an annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly periodic reports and current
reports for certain events, complying with the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, requiring insiders
to file public reports of their share ownership and trading activities and insiders being liable for profit from trades made in a short
period of time. We are also no longer exempt from the requirements of Regulation FD promulgated under the Exchange Act related to selective
disclosures. In addition, we are no longer permitted to follow our home country’s rules in lieu of the corporate governance obligations
imposed by Nasdaq and are required to comply with the governance practices required by U.S. domestic issuers listed on Nasdaq. The regulatory and compliance costs associated
with the reporting and governance requirements applicable to U.S. domestic issuers may be significantly higher than the costs we previously
incurred as a foreign private issuer. We expect to continue to incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses and
to expend greater time and resources to comply with these requirements. In addition, we may need to develop our reporting and compliance
infrastructure and may face challenges in complying with the new requirements applicable to us RISKS
RELATED TO OUR CAPITAL STRUCTURE The
market price of our ordinary shares may decline. Fluctuations
in the price of our ordinary shares could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. The trading price of our ordinary
shares could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of
the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment and our ordinary shares may trade at prices significantly
below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our ordinary shares may not recover and may experience
a further decline. Factors
affecting the trading price of our ordinary shares may include: ● actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar
    to us; ● changes
    in the market’s expectations about our operating results; ● success
    of competitors; ● our
    operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; ● changes
    in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the market in general; ● operating
    and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; ● our
    ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; ● changes
    in laws and regulations affecting our business; ● commencement
    of, or involvement in, litigation or regulatory inquiries involving us; ● changes
    in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; ● the
    volume of securities available for public sale; ● any
    major change in our board or management; ● the
    sale of a substantial amount of our ordinary shares by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception
    that such sales could occur; and ● general
    economic and political conditions such as recession, world health events, changes in interest rates, fuel prices, international currency
    fluctuations, and acts of war or terrorism. 31 Many
of the factors listed above are beyond our control. In addition, broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price
of our ordinary shares irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, has
experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular
companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of our ordinary shares, which currently trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market, may
not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive
to be similar to us could depress the price of our securities regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results
of operations. A decline in the market price of our ordinary shares also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities
and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they
change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the price and trading volume of our ordinary shares could decline. The
trading market for our ordinary shares relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us
or our business. We do not control these analysts. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade or provide negative
outlook on our stock or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
business, the price of our ordinary shares could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our business or fail to
publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume
to decline. We
are a holding company. Our sole material asset is our equity interest in our subsidiaries and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions
from them to cover our corporate and other overhead expenses. We
are a holding company and have no material assets other than our equity interest in our subsidiaries. We have no independent means of
generating revenue. To the extent the subsidiaries have available cash, we intend to cause them to make non-pro rata payments to us to
reimburse us for our corporate and other overhead expenses. To the extent that we need funds and the subsidiaries are restricted from
making such distributions or payments under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any financing arrangements due to restrictive
covenants or otherwise, or are otherwise unable to provide such funds, our liquidity and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. Future
sales of our ordinary shares could reduce our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible
securities may dilute your ownership in us. We
may sell additional securities in subsequent public or private offerings. On December 31, 2025, 100,787,173 ordinary shares were outstanding. 32 We
cannot predict the size of future issuances of our ordinary shares or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of
our ordinary shares will have on the market price of our ordinary shares. Sales of substantial amounts of our ordinary shares (including
shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market
prices of our ordinary shares. Because
we currently have no approved plans to pay cash dividends on our ordinary shares, you may not receive any return on investment
unless you sell your ordinary shares for a price greater than what you paid for it. We currently do not have an approved plan to pay any cash dividends on
our ordinary shares. During 2025, our Board of Directors considered a plan to pay cash dividends on our ordinary shares however this has
not yet been approved and any future determination to pay cash dividends or other distributions on our ordinary shares will be at the
discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent on our earnings, financial condition, operation results, capital requirements,
and contractual, regulatory and other restrictions, including restrictions contained in the agreements governing any existing and future
outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries may incur, on the payment of dividends by us or by our subsidiaries to us, and other factors
that our Board of Directors deems relevant. As
a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our ordinary shares unless you sell the ordinary shares for a price greater
than  what you paid for it. OTHER
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS Cybersecurity
risks and threats could adversely affect our business. We
rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or
limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material
impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented
or breached, this could result in the loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information, including customer data, and
disruption of our business operations. A
cyber incident or attack could result in the disclosure of confidential or proprietary customer information, employee information,
theft or loss of intellectual property, damage to our reputation with our customers and the market, failure to meet customer
requirements or customer dissatisfaction, theft or exposure to litigation and enforcement actions including under data privacy laws
and regulations, damage to equipment (which could cause environmental or safety issues) and other financial costs and losses. In
addition, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be required to devote additional resources to continue to enhance our
protective measures or to investigate or remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities. The increased use of artificial intelligence
has heightened cybersecurity risks as cyberattacks utilize artificial intelligence to expose vulnerabilities and evade traditional
security measures. We do not presently maintain insurance coverage to protect against cybersecurity risks and such insurance may not
be available to us in the future on acceptable terms and with the desired coverage limits if we seek to acquire it. If we procure
such coverage in the future, we cannot ensure that it will be sufficient to cover any particular losses we may experience as a
result of such cyberattacks. We
depend on our suppliers to provide services and equipment in a timely manner and any delays, interruptions or failures by suppliers could
expose us to increased costs or inability to meet contractual obligations. We
rely on suppliers of equipment and spare parts as well as suppliers of technical labor to perform certain contractual obligations with
our customers. Failure by suppliers to provide goods and services in a timely manner could lead to delays by us in fulfilling contractual
obligations, the inability to fulfill such obligations, or additional costs in seeking replacement suppliers. We
have engaged in related party transactions, the termination of which may inhibit business, and such transactions present possible conflicts
of interest that could have an adverse effect on us. We
rely at times upon services and products supplied by related parties if no other suitable alternatives are available. In
addition, these related party transactions create the possibility of conflicts of interest. Such a conflict could cause such persons
to seek to advance their economic interests above ours. Further, the appearance of conflicts of interest created by related party transactions
could impair the confidence of our investors. While the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors regularly reviews these transactions,
related party transactions presenting a conflict of interest could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations
and financial condition. The
loss or unavailability of any of our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. We
depend on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees to manage our operations. The loss or unavailability of any of
our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we expect all of our key
personnel to remain with us, it is possible that we will lose some key personnel, the loss of which could negatively impact our business
operations and profitability. In addition, the delivery of our services and products requires personnel with specialized skills and experience.
Our ability to be productive and profitable will depend upon our ability to employ and retain such skilled workers. 33 Our
growth potential and ability to operate could be materially and adversely affected if we cannot employ and retain technical personnel
at a competitive cost. Many
of the products and services we provide and sell are complex and highly engineered and often must perform in harsh conditions. Our success
depends upon our ability to employ and retain technical personnel with the ability to design, utilize, and enhance these services and
products. A significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in increased competition for the skilled labor
force we require, increases in the wage rates that we must pay, or both. If either of these events were to occur, our cost structures
could increase, our margins could decrease, and our growth potential, if any, could be impaired. We
are not subject to the supervision of the Financial Services Commission of the BVI and so our shareholders are not protected by any regulatory
inspections in the BVI. We
are not an entity subject to any regulatory supervision in the BVI by the Financial Services Commission. As a result, shareholders are
not protected by any regulatory supervision or inspections by any regulatory agency in the BVI and we are not required to observe any
restrictions in respect of our conduct save as disclosed in this Annual Report or our Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended
and restated. An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. Prospective investors are urged to consult
their tax advisers with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. Substantially
all of our assets are located outside the U.S.; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce U.S. federal securities laws or their
other legal rights. Substantially
all of our assets are located outside of the U.S. Thus, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the U.S.
to enforce their legal rights or to enforce judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties under U.S.
laws. Investors
may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and their ability to protect their rights through the U.S. federal courts may be
limited, because we are formed under BVI law. We
are a company formed under the laws of the BVI. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce judgments obtained in the U.S.
courts against some of our directors or officers. 34 Our
corporate affairs are governed by our Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended and restated, the BVI Business Companies Act,
2004, as amended (the “Companies Act”) and the common law of the BVI. The rights of shareholders to take action against the
directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under BVI law are governed by the
Companies Act and the common law of the BVI. The common law of the BVI is derived from English common law, and while the decisions of
the English courts are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the BVI. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
responsibilities of our directors under BVI law may not be as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent
in some jurisdictions in the U.S. In particular, the BVI has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the U.S., and some
states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory
provisions do exist in BVI law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in BVI companies may not have
standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the U.S. The circumstances in which any such action may be
brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders
of a BVI company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the U.S. Accordingly, shareholders may have
fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred. The
BVI Courts are also unlikely: ● to
    recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the U.S. based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws
    where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; and ● to
    impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the BVI, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities
    laws that are penal in nature. There
is no statutory recognition in the BVI of judgments obtained in the U.S., although the courts of the BVI will in certain circumstances
recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that
no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that: ● the
    U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident
    or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; ● the
    judgment is final and for a liquidated sum; ● the
    judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; ● in
    obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court; ● recognition
    or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the BVI; and ● the
    proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice. In
appropriate circumstances, a BVI Court may give effect in the BVI to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as declaratory orders,
orders for performance of contracts and injunctions. As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company. Our
Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended and restated, permit the Board of Directors by resolution to create additional classes
of securities, including shares with rights, preferences, designations and limitations as they determine which may have an anti-takeover
effect. Our
Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended and restated, permits the Board of Directors by resolution to amend the Memorandum
and Articles of Association, as amended and restated, to designate rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to the
preferred shares as they determine in their discretion, without shareholder approval with respect to the terms or the issuance. If issued,
the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of the preferred shares would be set by the Board of Directors and could operate
to the disadvantage of the outstanding ordinary shares the holders of which would not have any pre-emption rights in respect of such
an issue of preferred shares. Such terms could include, among others, preferences as to dividends and distributions on liquidation, or
could be used to prevent possible corporate takeovers. 35 ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY Risk
Management and Strategy As
a leading provider of oilfield services across diverse and often challenging environments, NESR recognizes that secure and reliable access
to operational technology, field communications networks, and proprietary customer data is essential to maintaining
safe, efficient, and uninterrupted operations. We
have implemented a comprehensive Cybersecurity Risk Management Program designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability
of our information systems and digital assets. This program covers all aspects of our operations, including corporate information technology
(“IT”) systems, field-based digital infrastructure, remote monitoring platforms, and customer-facing digital applications . We
apply a layered defense approach that combines technical, administrative, and physical controls to prevent, detect, and respond to cyber
threats. These controls include network security measures, endpoint protection, multi-factor authentication, encryption, access management,
and continuous monitoring supported by incident detection and response capabilities. We
are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of information entrusted to us by our customers, clients, vendors, and suppliers.
Our cybersecurity and data protection controls are designed to safeguard sensitive and proprietary data throughout its lifecycle, from
collection and transmission to storage and disposal. We implement strict access controls, data handling procedures, and confidentiality
obligations to help ensure that such information is used solely for legitimate business purposes and remains protected against unauthorized
access, disclosure, or misuse. We
also enforce device compliance through centralized endpoint management tools to ensure that only authorized and secure devices can access
company systems and data. These measures strengthen control over configurations, software updates, and data protection across all connected
devices. Advanced email security systems and phishing detection tools are deployed to protect against social engineering and email-borne
threats. Given
the nature of our field operations, which often take place in remote and complex environments, NESR has implemented enhanced cybersecurity
procedures to help safeguard its operational systems and digital infrastructure from unauthorized access or disruption. We conduct regular
vulnerability assessments, penetration testing, and simulation exercises, often with independent experts, to evaluate the resilience
of our IT environments and to strengthen defenses where necessary. Cybersecurity
awareness is a core element of our defense strategy. All employees receive periodic cybersecurity training and simulated phishing exercises
to reinforce security awareness, data protection, and incident-reporting responsibilities. Targeted training is provided to personnel
with elevated access to sensitive systems or information. We
also maintain cybersecurity insurance to mitigate potential financial losses associated with certain types of incidents, however, such
coverage may not fully offset all costs, operational impacts, or reputational effects that could result from a cybersecurity event. 36 Governance Cybersecurity
risk management is an integral component of NESR’s overall governance and risk oversight structure. The Board of Directors oversees
cybersecurity as part of its broader oversight responsibilities, while the Audit Committee holds primary responsibility for cybersecurity
matters . The Audit Committee receives periodic updates from management on cybersecurity risks, threat trends, and the effectiveness of
control measures. Our
Head of Information Technology (“Head of IT”) leads the Company’s global information security program and has more
than 15 years of experience in cybersecurity and industrial control system security. The Head of IT reports to our CFO,
who provides quarterly updates to the broader executive management team and the Audit Committee , as well as our Vice President of Operations .
The IT organization collaborates closely with executive management, field operations and technical teams, functional leadership, business
segment directors, compliance, and HSE to ensure coordinated risk identification, mitigation, and response across the enterprise. Incident
Response and Monitoring NESR
maintains a formally documented and regularly tested Incident Response Plan that defines clear procedures for identifying, containing,
investigating, and remediating cybersecurity incidents. The plan includes coordination with external specialists, law enforcement authorities,
and regulators when appropriate. For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, NESR did not experience any cybersecurity incidents that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Nonetheless, as is typical within
the energy services sector, NESR continues to be the target of attempts by malicious actors seeking unauthorized access to systems or
data. The Company continuously monitors these threats and enhances its cybersecurity posture as needed. Third-Party
and Supply Chain Risk Management NESR’s
operations rely on a global network of suppliers, contractors, and technology service providers. We manage cybersecurity risks associated
with these third parties through a Vendor Risk Management Program that includes due diligence, contractual requirements for data protection
and breach notification, and ongoing monitoring of cybersecurity performance. NESR requires critical vendors to maintain appropriate
cybersecurity controls and to promptly notify the Company of any incidents that could impact NESR’s systems, operations, or data. ITEM
2. PROPERTIES We
have operations in 16 countries including Algeria, Bahrain, Chad, Congo, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Iraq, Kuwait, Libya, Oman, Qatar,
Saudi Arabia, and UAE. In most countries, we have localized support bases that house equipment and personnel that are used to
deliver the services we provide. Additionally, we operate NORI (part of our Unallocated long-lived assets, See Note 8, Goodwill,
Intangible, and Other Assets , to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “ Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data ,” of this Annual Report) within in the heart of Saudi Arabia’s industrial research, technology,
and academic hub, DTV. NORI allows us the ability to drive energy sector research and innovation across the MENA region through
activities such as providing advanced core analysis and reservoir studies for our customers. Our principal executive offices are in
Houston, Texas, U.S., with our regional headquarters in Dubai, UAE. No single tangible fixed asset is individually material to our
operations. Our owned properties have no material encumbrances. We believe all properties that we currently occupy are suitable
for their intended use. ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The
information with respect to Item 3. Legal Proceedings is contained in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated
financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” of this Annual Report. ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not
applicable. 37 PART
II ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market
Information Our ordinary
shares, no par value per share, are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “NESR.” As of December 31,
2025, there were approximately 11 registered holders of record of our ordinary shares. Because many shares are held by brokers and other
institutions on behalf of beneficial owners, the actual number of beneficial holders is substantially greater than the number of record
holders. Corporate
Performance Graph The
following graph compares the yearly change in our cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares with the cumulative total
return on the published Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index, the cumulative total return on the S&P
500 Oil and Gas Equipment and Services Index, and the Philadelphia Oil Service Index (“OSX”) over the preceding five year
period. Although the Company is not a component of the OSX, this index represents a large group of companies with similar industry exposure,
many of which provide the same or similar equipment and services as the Company. Comparison
of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return NESR, S&P 500 Stock Index,
S&P 500 Oil and Gas Equipment and Services Index, and OSX 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 National Energy Services Reunited Corp.(“NESR”) $ 100.00 $ 95.17 $ 69.89 $ 61.43 $ 90.23 $ 157.70 S&P 500 Stock Index 100.00 126.89 102.22 126.99 156.59 182.25 S&P 500 O&G Oil and Gas Equipment and Services Index 100.00 118.93 189.17 189.22 163.77 165.42 Philadelphia Oil Service Index (“OSX”) 100.00 111.35 179.61 190.38 177.84 184.37 The
comparison of total return on investment (change in year-end stock price plus reinvested dividends) assumes that $100 was invested on
December 31, 2019, in NESR ordinary shares, the S&P 500 Index, the S&P 500 Oil and Gas Equipment and Services Index, and the
OSX. The
corporate performance graph and related information shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed”
with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, except to the extent that NESR specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 38 ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The
following discussion and analysis is provided to increase the understanding of, and should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. In addition, see

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Raw Materials We
purchase various component parts in connection with delivering our products and services. These materials are generally, but not
always, available from multiple sources and may be subject to price volatility. While we generally do not experience significant
long-term shortages of these materials, we have from time to time experienced temporary shortages of particular component parts. We
are always seeking ways to ensure the availability of resources, as well as managing costs of component parts. Capital
Expenditures During
the three most recent fiscal years, the Company’s capital expenditures were $316.8 million in the aggregate, comprising $143.5
million during the year ended December 31, 2025, $105.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, and $68.2 million during
the year ended December 31, 2023. The primary geographies for the Company’s capital expenditures were Saudi Arabia, Oman,
Kuwait, and UAE. The Company has utilized these capital expenditures predominantly to purchase equipment to support revenue
growth. For more information on our capital expenditures and requirements, see “ Liquidity and Capital Resources ”
within Item 7, “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations .” Additionally,
the Company’s Integrated Production Management (“IPM”) projects are focused on developing and managing production on
behalf of the Company’s customers under long-term agreements. The Company invests its own services and products, and in some cases
cash, into the field development activities and operations. Although in certain arrangements the Company is paid for a portion of the
services or products it provides, generally the Company is not paid at the time of providing its services or upon delivery of its products.
Instead, the Company is compensated based upon cash flow generated. The Company invested $0 (zero) million, $0 (zero) million, and $16.0
million in IPM projects during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The Company has no plans for additional
IPM capital expenditures as of the date of this filing. 9 Since
March 2023, and continuing through December 31, 2026, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) was given final
responsibility for the Company’s capital expenditure process, under the supervision of the Board of Directors. Research
and Development To
date, the Company has not incurred significant expenditures on research and development activities, other than through strategic
investments and partnerships intended to expand its NEDA and
Drilling and Evaluation portfolios. These investments are individually insignificant but in the aggregate totaled $25.2 million and
$24.3 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The
Company accounts for these investments under the measurement alternative in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 321 ,
Investments – Equity Securities , and records them at cost, net of impairment, as none of the investments have readily determinable
fair values. In accordance with ASC 321, the Company monitors these investments for indicators of impairment, including recent transactions
involving the investees, liquidity position, operating performance, and other qualitative and quantitative factors. For
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $5.1 million related to one investment that is expected
to exhaust its remaining cash during 2026 and currently has limited ability to recapitalize. In addition, the Company identified two
investments with heightened risk of impairment, with potential exposure of up to $7.1 million, for the year ending December 31, 2026,
due to stressed liquidity conditions in one instance and uncertainty surrounding the ultimate realization of earn-out consideration in
another instance. No impairments or other downward adjustments were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company
contributed an additional $1.0 million to one of its investments, increasing the carrying value of the overall portfolio to $26.2 million. Intellectual
Property We
own and control a variety of intellectual property, including but not limited to proprietary information and software tools and applications
that, in the aggregate, are material to our business. No individual instance of intellectual property is material to the Company. To
date, the Company has not made significant expenditures on research and development activities aside from strategic investments and partnerships
with companies to expand the NEDA and Drilling and Evaluation Services portfolios. Additionally, we operate NESR Oilfield Research &
Innovation Center (“NORI”) in the heart of Saudi Arabia’s industrial research, technology, and academic hub, Dharan
Techno Valley (“DTV”). NORI allows us the ability to drive energy sector research and innovation across the MENA region through
activities such as providing advanced core analysis and reservoir studies for our customers. Governmental
Regulations Our
business is significantly affected by country, regional and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations relate to,
among other things: ● worker
    safety standards; ● protection
    of the environment and natural resources; ● storage,
    handling, transportation, use and disposal of hazardous materials; and ● mobilization
    of our equipment to, and operations conducted at, our work sites. Numerous
permits are required for the conduct of our business and operation of our various facilities and equipment. These permits can be revoked,
modified, renewed or denied renewal by issuing authorities based on factors both within and outside our control. We
cannot predict the level of enforcement of existing laws and regulations or how such laws and regulations may be interpreted by enforcement
agencies or court rulings in the future. We also cannot predict whether additional laws and regulations will be adopted, including changes
in regulatory oversight, increases of federal, state or local taxes, increases of inspection costs, or the effect such changes may have
on us, our businesses or our financial condition. However, failure to comply with laws, regulations, or permits may result in fines,
the imposition of remedial obligations, or other penalties that have a material impact on our operations, including (in some instances)
the revocation of necessary authorizations. 10 We
are subject to numerous environmental and other governmental and regulatory requirements related to our operations worldwide. For
additional details, see “Financial, Regulatory, Legal and Compliance Risks” within

