TICKER: NMFC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers or customers or increase the cost of such goods, which may have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn could negatively impact us. We may suffer credit losses. Investments in small and middle market businesses are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk of credit loss. These risks are likely to increase during volatile economic periods, such as the United States and many other economies have recently been experiencing. There is uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments because most of our investments are, and may continue to be in private companies and recorded at fair value. In addition, the fair values of our investments are determined by our board of directors in accordance with our valuation policy. Most of our investments are and may be in the form of securities or loans that are not publicly traded, and these investments may not have a readily available market quotation. Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market quotation, at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, including reflection of significant events affecting the value of our securities. We value our investments for which we do not have readily available market quotations quarterly, or more frequently as circumstances require, at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors in accordance with our valuation policy, which is at all times consistent with GAAP and the 1940 Act. Our board of directors utilizes the services of one or more independent third-party valuation firms to aid it in determining the fair value with respect to our material unquoted assets in accordance with our valuation policy. The inputs into the determination of fair value of these investments may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data is available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. The types of factors that the board of directors takes into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate: available market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company's ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows and the markets in which it does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, comparable merger and acquisition transactions and the principal market and enterprise values. Since these valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty, our fair value determinations may cause our net asset value, on any given date, to be materially understated or overstated. In addition, investors purchasing our common stock based on an overstated net asset value would pay a higher price than the realizable value that our investments might warrant. We may adjust quarterly the valuation of our portfolio to reflect our board of directors' determination of the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our statement of operations as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 25 Table of Contents Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on key investment personnel of the Investment Adviser. If the Investment Adviser were to lose any of its key investment personnel, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. We depend on the investment judgment, skill and relationships of the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser, particularly Steven B. Klinsky, Robert A. Hamwee, John R. Kline and Laura C. Holson, as well as other key personnel to identify, evaluate, negotiate, structure, execute, monitor and service our investments. The Investment Adviser, as an affiliate of New Mountain Capital, is supported by New Mountain Capital's team, which as of December 31, 2025 consisted of approximately 305 employees and senior advisors of New Mountain Capital and its affiliates to fulfill its obligations to us under the Investment Management Agreement. The Investment Adviser may also depend upon New Mountain Capital to obtain access to investment opportunities originated by the professionals of New Mountain Capital and its affiliates. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of the key investment personnel of the Investment Adviser. The departure of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. The Investment Committee, which oversees our investment activities, is provided by the Investment Adviser. The Investment Committee currently consists of six members. The loss of any member of the Investment Committee or of other senior professionals of the Investment Adviser and its affiliates without suitable replacement could limit our ability to achieve our investment objective and operate as we anticipate. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. To achieve our investment objective, the Investment Adviser may hire, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals to participate in its investment selection and monitoring process. If the Investment Adviser is unable to find investment professionals or do so in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. The 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs, which could adversely affect our business. The 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs that do not apply to the other investment vehicles previously managed by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser. For example, under the 1940 Act, BDCs are required to invest at least 70.0% of their total assets primarily in "qualifying" assets such as U.S. private or thinly traded companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Moreover, qualification for taxation as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code requires satisfaction of source-of-income, asset diversification and annual distribution requirements. The failure to comply with these provisions in a timely manner could prevent us from qualifying as a BDC or as a RIC and could force us to pay unexpected taxes and penalties, which would have a material adverse effect on our performance. If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC or tax treatment as a RIC, our operating flexibility could be significantly reduced. We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and may not be able to compete effectively. We compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity and hedge funds), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors have greater experience operating under, or are not subject to, the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements that we must satisfy to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. We may lose investment opportunities if our pricing, terms and structure do not match those of our competitors. With respect to the investments that we make, we do not seek to compete based primarily on the interest rates we may offer, and we believe that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that may be lower than the rates we offer. In the secondary market for acquiring existing loans, we expect to compete generally on the basis of pricing terms. If we match our competitors' pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. If we are forced to match our competitors' pricing, terms and structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. Part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that we believe the market for middle market lending is underserved by traditional bank lenders and other financial sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. We may also compete for investment opportunities with accounts managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. Although the Investment Adviser allocates opportunities in accordance with its policies and procedures, allocations to such other accounts reduces the amount and frequency of opportunities available to us and may not be in our best interests and, 26 Table of Contents consequently, our stockholders. Moreover, the performance of investment opportunities is not known at the time of allocation. If we are not able to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, thus affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because of this competition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and take advantage of attractive investment opportunities that we identify or that we will be able to fully invest our available capital. Our business, results of operations and financial condition depend on our ability to manage future growth effectively. Our ability to achieve our investment objective and to grow depends on the Investment Adviser's ability to identify, invest in and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis is largely a function of the Investment Adviser's structuring of the investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us and its ability to access financing on acceptable terms. The Investment Adviser has substantial responsibilities under the Investment Management Agreement and may also be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our eligible portfolio companies. These demands on the time of the Investment Adviser and its investment professionals may distract them or slow our rate of investment. In order to grow, we and the Investment Adviser may need to retain, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals. However, these investment professionals may not be able to contribute effectively to the work of the Investment Adviser. If we are unable to manage our future growth effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The management fee and incentive fee may induce the Investment Adviser to make speculative investments. The incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser may create an incentive for the Investment Adviser to pursue investments that are risky or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during cyclical economic downturns. The incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser is calculated based on a percentage of our return on investment capital. This may encourage the Investment Adviser to use leverage to increase the return on our investments. In addition, because the base management fee is payable based upon our gross assets, which includes any borrowings for investment purposes, but excludes cash and cash equivalents for investment purposes, the Investment Adviser may be further encouraged to use leverage to make additional investments. Under certain circumstances, the use of leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would impair the value of our common stock. The incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser also may create an incentive for the Investment Adviser to invest in instruments that have a deferred interest feature, even if such deferred payments would not provide the cash necessary to pay current distributions to our stockholders. Under these investments, we would accrue the interest over the life of the investment but would not receive the cash income from the investment until the end of the investment's term, if at all. Our net investment income used to calculate the income portion of the incentive fee, however, includes accrued interest. Thus, a portion of the incentive fee would be based on income that we have not yet received in cash and may never receive in cash if the portfolio company is unable to satisfy such interest payment obligations. In addition, the "catch-up" portion of the incentive fee may encourage the Investment Adviser to accelerate or defer interest payable by portfolio companies from one calendar quarter to another, potentially resulting in fluctuations in timing and dividend amounts. We may be obligated to pay the Investment Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a loss. The Investment Adviser is entitled to incentive compensation for each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to a percentage of the excess of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that quarter (before deducting incentive compensation) above a performance threshold for that quarter. Accordingly, since the performance threshold is based on a percentage of our net asset value, decreases in our net asset value make it easier to achieve the performance threshold. Our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for incentive compensation purposes excludes realized and unrealized capital losses or depreciation that it may incur in the fiscal quarter, even if such capital losses or depreciation result in a net loss on our statement of operations for that quarter. Thus, we may be required to pay the Investment Adviser incentive compensation for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or we incur a net loss for that quarter. The incentive fee we pay to the Investment Adviser with respect to capital gains may be effectively greater than 20.0%. As a result of the operation of the cumulative method of calculating the capital gains portion of the incentive fee we pay to the Investment Adviser, the cumulative aggregate capital gains fee received by the Investment Adviser could be effectively greater than 20.0%, depending on the timing and extent of subsequent net realized capital losses or net unrealized depreciation. We cannot predict whether, or to what extent, this payment calculation would affect your investment in our common stock. 27 Table of Contents We may face risks due to shared employees between our Investment Adviser and its affiliates and other activities of the personnel of our Investment Adviser. Our Investment Adviser expects to rely heavily on the extensive expertise and industry relationships developed by the employees and certain senior advisors of certain of its affiliates to identify and evaluate potential investment opportunities for us. Research from the Investment Adviser's private equity strategy on our behalf will be used to benefit other strategies and clients of our Investment Adviser, its affiliates and affiliated funds. By reason of their responsibilities in connection with their other activities, certain personnel of our Investment Adviser (or employees and affiliates thereof) may acquire confidential or material non-public information or be restricted from initiating transactions in certain securities. In those instances, we will not be free to act upon any such information. Due to these restrictions, we may not be able to initiate a transaction that we otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to sell a portfolio investment that we otherwise might have sold. Conversely, we may not have access to material non-public information in the possession of our Investment Adviser and its affiliates which might be relevant to an investment decision to be made by us, and we may initiate a transaction or sell a portfolio investment which, if such information had been known to us, may not have been undertaken. See also "—The Investment Committee, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion." We may pay additional consulting fees to New Mountain Capital’s Executive Advisory Council. The Investment Adviser may consult New Mountain Capital's Executive Advisory Council from time to time concerning general industry trends, related matters and specific investment diligence. Members of the Executive Advisory Council may be paid by us for project‑related consulting fees and reimbursed by us for their reasonable and documented out‑of‑pocket expenses in connection with specific diligence for a potential portfolio company. We borrow money, which could magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested in us and increase the risk of investing in us. We borrow money as part of our business plan. Borrowings, also known as leverage, magnify the potential for gain or loss on invested equity capital and may, consequently, increase the risk of investing in us. We expect to continue to use leverage to finance our investments, through senior securities issued by banks and other lenders. Lenders of these senior securities have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to claims of our common stockholders and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of default. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause our net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had it not been leveraged. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause our net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could adversely affect our ability to make common stock distribution payments. In addition, because our investments may be illiquid, we may be unable to dispose of them or to do so at a favorable price in the event we need to do so if we are unable to refinance any indebtedness upon maturity and, as a result, we may suffer losses. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. Our ability to service any debt that we incur depends largely on our financial performance and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. Moreover, as the Investment Adviser's management fee is payable to the Investment Adviser based on gross assets, including those assets acquired through the use of leverage, the Investment Adviser may have a financial incentive to incur leverage which may not be consistent with our interests and the interests of our common stockholders. In addition, holders of our common stock will, indirectly, bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result of leverage, including any increase in the management fee payable to the Investment Adviser. The following tables summarizes our indebtedness outstanding at principal value and the weighted average interest rates of each credit facility for the year ended December 31, 2025: Borrowing Total Outstanding (in millions) Weighted Average Interest Rate Unsecured Notes $ 990.0 6.5 % Holdings Credit Facility 420.1 6.2 % SBA-guaranteed debentures 196.2 2.6 % NMFC Credit Facility 81.1 5.3 % Illustration. The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns, net of interest expense and adjusted for unsettled securities purchased. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical. Actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing below. The calculation assumes (i) $2,902.9 million in total assets as of December 31, 2025 , (ii) a weighted average cost of borrowing s of 5.9 %, which assumes 28 Table of Contents the weighted average interest rates as of December 31, 2025 for the Unsecured Notes, the Holdings Credit Facility, the SBA-guaranteed debentures and the NMFC Credit Facility, (iii) $1,687.4 million in debt outstanding and (iv) $1,182.2 million in net assets. Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (Net of Interest Expense) (10.0)% (5.0)% 0.0% 5.0% 10.0% Corresponding Return to Stockholder ( 33.0 )% ( 20.7 )% ( 8.4 )% 3.8 % 16.1 % If we are unable to comply with the covenants or restrictions in our borrowings, our business could be materially adversely affected. The Holdings Credit Facility includes covenants that, subject to exceptions, restrict our ability to pay distributions, create liens on assets, make investments, make acquisitions and engage in mergers or consolidations. The Holdings Credit Facility also includes a change of control provision that accelerates the indebtedness under the facility in the event of certain change of control events. Complying with these restrictions may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would help us grow our business or are otherwise consistent with our investment objective. These restrictions could also limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet extraordinary capital needs or otherwise restrict corporate activities. In addition, the restrictions contained in the Holdings Credit Facility could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders in certain circumstances, which could result in us failing to qualify as a RIC and thus becoming subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). Certain of our Unsecured Notes are subject to certain covenants, including covenants such as information reporting, maintenance of our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and a RIC under the Code, minimum stockholders' equity, minimum asset coverage ratio, and prohibitions on certain fundamental changes, as well as customary events of default with customary cure and notice, including, without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under our other indebtedness or certain significant subsidiaries, certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. In addition, we are obligated to offer to prepay the Unsecured Notes (excluding the 8.250% Unsecured Notes) at par if the Investment Adviser, or an affiliate thereof, ceases to be our investment adviser or if certain change in control events occur with respect to the Investment Adviser. The NMFC Credit Facility includes customary covenants, including certain financial covenants related to asset coverage and liquidity and other maintenance covenants, as well as customary events of default. The breach of any of the covenants or restrictions, unless cured within the applicable grace period, would result in a default under the applicable credit facility that would permit the lenders thereunder to declare all amounts outstanding to be due and payable. In such an event, we may not have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness. As a result, any default could have serious consequences to our financial condition. An event of default or an acceleration under the credit facilities could also cause a cross-default or cross-acceleration of another debt instrument or contractual obligation, which would adversely impact our liquidity. We may not be granted waivers or amendments to the credit facilities if for any reason we are unable to comply with it, and we may not be able to refinance the credit facilities on terms acceptable to us, or at all. The terms of our credit facilities may contractually limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. We will need additional capital to fund new investments and grow our portfolio of investments. We intend to access the capital markets periodically to issue debt or equity securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain such additional capital. We believe that having the flexibility to incur additional leverage could augment the returns to our stockholders and would be in the best interests of our stockholders. Even though our board of directors and our stockholders have approved a resolution permitting us to be subject to a 150.0% asset coverage ratio effective as of June 9, 2018, contractual leverage limitations under our existing credit facilities or future borrowings may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. Currently, our NMFC Credit Facility restricts our ability to incur additional indebtedness, if after incurring such additional debt, our debt to equity ratio exceeds 1.65x. The NMFC Credit Facility requires that we not exceed a secured debt ratio of 0.70 to 1.00 at any time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate a change to our credit facilities to allow us to incur additional leverage or that any such an amendment will be available to us on favorable terms. An inability on our part to amend the contractual asset coverage limitation and access additional leverage could limit our ability to take advantage of the benefits described above related to our ability to incur additional leverage and could decrease our earnings, if any, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of our shares of common stock. We may enter into reverse repurchase agreements, which are another form of leverage. We may enter into reverse repurchase agreements as part of our management of our investment portfolio. Under a reverse repurchase agreement, we will effectively pledge our assets as collateral to secure a short-term loan. Generally, the other party to the agreement makes the loan in an amount equal to a percentage of the fair value of the pledged collateral. At the 29 Table of Contents maturity of the reverse repurchase agreement, the payor will be required to repay the loan and correspondingly receive back its collateral. While used as collateral, the assets continue to pay principal and interest which are for our benefit. Our use of reverse repurchase agreements, if any, involves many of the same risks involved in our use of leverage, as the proceeds from reverse repurchase agreements generally will be invested in additional securities. There is a risk that the market value of the securities acquired with the proceeds of a reverse repurchase agreement may decline below the price of the securities that we have sold but remain obligated to repurchase under the reverse repurchase agreement. In addition, there is a risk that the market value of the securities effectively pledged by us may decline. If a buyer of securities under a reverse repurchase agreement were to file for bankruptcy or experience insolvency, we may be adversely affected. Also, in entering into reverse repurchase agreements, we would bear the risk of loss to the extent that the proceeds of such agreements at settlement are more than the fair value of the underlying securities being pledged. In addition, due to the interest costs associated with reverse repurchase agreements transactions, our net asset value would decline, and, in some cases, we may be worse off than if such instruments had not been used. If we are unable to obtain additional debt financing, or if our borrowing capacity is materially reduced, our business could be materially adversely affected. We may want to obtain additional debt financing, or need to do so upon maturity of our credit facilities, in order to obtain funds which may be made available for investments. Our $200.0 million in 2021A Unsecured Notes matured and was repaid on January 29, 2026, our $75.0 million in 2022A Unsecured Notes will mature on June 15, 2027, our $115.0 million in 8.250% Unsecured Notes will mature on November 15, 2028, our $300.0 million in 6.875% Unsecured Notes will mature on February 1, 2029 and our $300.0 million in 6.200% Unsecured Notes will mature on October 15, 2027. The SBA-guaranteed debentures have ten year maturities. The SBA-guaranteed debentures held by SBIC I began to mature on March 1, 2025 and the SBA-guaranteed debentures held by SBIC II will begin to mature on September 1, 2028. The Holdings Credit Facility will mature on March 28, 2030. The NMFC Credit Facility will mature on September 28, 2029. If we are unable to increase, renew or replace any such facilities and enter into new debt financing facilities or other debt financing on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity may be reduced significantly. In addition, if we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under any such facilities and are declared in default or are unable to renew or refinance these facilities, we may not be able to make new investments or operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as lack of access to the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, an economic downturn or an operational problem that affects us or third parties, and could materially damage our business operations, results of operations and financial condition. We may need to raise additional capital to grow. We may need additional capital to fund new investments and grow. We may access the capital markets periodically to issue equity securities. In addition, we may also issue debt securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain such additional capital. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs and limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. In addition, we are required to distribute at least 90.0% of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders to maintain our RIC status. As a result, these earnings will not be available to fund new investments. If we are unable to access the capital markets or if we are unable to borrow from financial institutions, we may be unable to grow our business and execute our business strategy fully, and our earnings, if any, could decrease, which could have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. A renewed disruption in the capital markets and the credit markets could adversely affect our business. As a BDC, we must maintain our ability to raise additional capital for investment purposes. If we are unable to access the capital markets or credit markets, we may be forced to curtail our business operations and may be unable to pursue new investment opportunities. The capital markets and the credit markets have experienced extreme volatility in recent periods, and, as a result, there have been and will likely continue to be uncertainty in the financial markets in general. Disruptions in the capital markets in recent years increased the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities, resulting in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets. In addition, a prolonged period of market illiquidity may cause us to reduce the volume of loans that we originate and/or fund and adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments. Unfavorable economic conditions could also increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and negatively impact our operating results. Ongoing disruptive conditions in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation in response to those conditions could restrict our business operations and, consequently, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 30 Table of Contents If the fair value of our assets declines substantially, we may fail to satisfy the asset coverage ratios imposed upon us by the 1940 Act and contained in the certain of the Unsecured Notes, Holdings Credit Facility and the NMFC Credit Facility. Any such failure would result in a default under such indebtedness and otherwise affect our ability to issue senior securities, borrow under our credit facilities and pay distributions, which could materially impair our business operations. Our liquidity could be impaired further by our inability to access the capital or credit markets. For example, we cannot be certain that we will be able to renew our credit facilities as they mature or to consummate new borrowing facilities to provide capital for normal operations, including new originations, or reapply for SBIC licenses. In recent years, reflecting concern about the stability of the financial markets, many lenders and institutional investors have reduced or ceased providing funding to borrowers. This market turmoil and tightening of credit have led to increased market volatility and widespread reduction of business activity generally in recent years. In addition, adverse economic conditions due to these disruptive conditions could materially impact our ability to comply with the financial and other covenants in any existing or future credit facilities. If we are unable to comply with these covenants, this could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital and net investment income. To the extent we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income depends, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, a significant change in market interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our net investment income in the event we use debt to finance our investments. In periods of elevated interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. Conversely, in periods of declining interest rates, we may earn less interest from our investments and our cost of funds will also decrease to a lesser extent, resulting in lower net investment income. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. These techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III are licensed by the SBA and are subject to SBA regulations. On August 1, 2014, August 25, 2017 and July 15, 2025, respectively, our wholly-owned direct subsidiaries, SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III, received licenses to operate as SBICs under the SBIC Act and are regulated by the SBA. The SBA places certain limitations on the financing terms of investments by SBICs in portfolio companies, regulates the types of financing an SBIC can provide, prohibits investing in small businesses with certain characteristics or in certain industries and requires capitalization thresholds that limit distributions to us. Compliance with SBA regulations may cause SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III to invest at less competitive rates in order to find investments that qualify under SBA regulations. The SBA regulations require, among other things, an periodic examination of a licensed SBIC by an SBA examiner to determine the SBIC's compliance with the relevant SBA regulations, and the performance of a financial audit by an independent auditor. If SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III fail to comply with applicable regulations, the SBA could, depending on the severity of the violation, limit or prohibit SBIC I's, SBIC II's and SBIC III's use of the debentures, declare outstanding debentures immediately due and payable, and/or limit SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III from making new investments. In addition, the SBA could revoke or suspend SBIC I's, SBIC II's and SBIC III's licenses for willful or repeated violation of, or willful or repeated failure to observe, any provision of the 1958 Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder. These actions by the SBA would, in turn, negatively affect us because SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III are our wholly-owned direct subsidiaries. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse to us, have a ten year maturity, and may be prepaid at any time without penalty. Pooling of issued SBA-guaranteed debentures occurs in March and September of each year. The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed at the time of pooling at a market-driven spread over ten year U.S. Treasury Notes. Leverage through SBA-guaranteed debentures is subject to required capitalization thresholds. Legislation adopted in 2018 raised the amount that any single SBIC may borrow to two tiers of leverage capped from $150.0 million to $175.0 million, subject to SBA approval, where each tier is equivalent to the SBIC's regulatory capital, which generally equates to the amount of equity capital in the SBIC. Currently, the SBIC I and SBIC II operate under the prior $150.0 million cap. SBIC III operates under the $175.0 million cap. The amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures that SBICs under common control can have outstanding is $350.0 million, subject to SBA approval. RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS Because we intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our stockholders to maintain our status as a RIC, we will continue to need additional capital to finance our growth. If additional funds are unavailable or not available on favorable terms, our ability to grow may be impaired. In order for us to qualify for the tax benefits available to RICs and to avoid payment of excise taxes, we intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our annual taxable income. As a result of these requirements, we may need to raise capital from other sources to grow our business. 31 Table of Contents As a BDC, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities and excluding SBA-guaranteed debentures as permitted by exemptive relief obtained from the SEC, to total senior securities, which includes all of our borrowings with the exception of SBA-guaranteed debentures, of at least 150.0% (which means we can borrow $2 for every $1 of our equity). This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow. Since we continue to need capital to grow our investment portfolio, these limitations may prevent us from incurring debt and require us to raise additional equity at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so. While we expect that we will be able to borrow and to issue additional debt securities and expect that we will be able to issue additional equity securities, which would in turn increase the equity capital available to us, we cannot assure you that debt and equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, as a BDC, we generally are not permitted to issue equity securities at a price below then-current net asset value without stockholder approval. If additional funds are not available us, we may be forced to curtail or cease new investment activities, and our net asset value could decline. SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III may be unable to make distributions to us that will enable us to meet or maintain our RIC tax treatment. In order for us to continue to qualify for tax benefits available to RICs and to minimize U.S. federal income tax, we generally must timely distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90.0% of our "investment company taxable income", which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, including investment company taxable income from SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III. We will be partially dependent on SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III for cash distributions to enable us to meet the RIC distribution requirements. SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III may be limited by SBA regulations governing SBICs from making certain distributions to us that may be necessary to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC. We may have to request a waiver of the SBA's restrictions for SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III to make certain distributions to maintain our RIC tax treatment. We cannot assure you that the SBA will grant such waiver and if SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III are unable to obtain a waiver, compliance with the SBA regulations may result in our income being subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates. Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. As a BDC, we are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with certain of our affiliates without the prior approval of a majority of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5.0% or more of our outstanding voting securities is an affiliate of ours for purposes of the 1940 Act. We are generally prohibited from buying or selling any securities (other than our securities) from or to an affiliate. The 1940 Act also prohibits us from participating in certain "joint" transactions with certain of our affiliates, including New Mountain Private Credit Fund, New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C., New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C., NMF SLF I, Inc. and other funds and accounts that the Investment Adviser manages, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. If a person acquires more than 25.0% of our voting securities, we are prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than our securities) from or to such person or certain of that person's affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors or their affiliates. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than any security of which we are the issuer) from or to any portfolio company of a fund managed by any affiliate of the Investment Adviser, or entering into joint arrangement, such as certain co-investments with these companies or funds, without the prior approval of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. We rely on exemptive relief granted to us, the Investment Adviser and certain of our affiliates by the SEC that allows us to engage in co‑investment transactions with other affiliated funds of the Investment Adviser, subject to certain terms and conditions. However, while the terms of the exemptive relief require that the Investment Adviser will be given the opportunity to cause us to participate in certain transactions originated by affiliates of the Investment Adviser, the Investment Adviser may determine that we will not participate in those transactions and for certain other transactions (as set forth in guidelines approved by the board of directors) the Investment Adviser may not have the opportunity to cause us to participate. The Investment Adviser has significant potential conflicts of interest with us and, consequently, your interests as stockholders which could adversely impact our investment returns. Our executive officers and directors, as well as the current or future investment professionals of the Investment Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by our affiliates. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in your interests as stockholders. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser and/or New Mountain Capital employees that provide services pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement may manage other funds which may from time to time have overlapping investment objectives with our own and, accordingly, may invest in, whether principally or secondarily, asset classes similar to those targeted by us. If this occurs, the Investment Adviser 32 Table of Contents may face conflicts of interest in allocating investment opportunities to us and such other funds. Although the investment professionals endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by the Investment Adviser or persons affiliated with the Investment Adviser or that certain of these investment funds may be favored over us. When these investment professionals identify an investment, they may be forced to choose which investment fund should make the investment. While we may co-invest with investment entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, the 1940 Act imposes significant limits on co-investment. On May 13, 2025, we, the Investment Adviser and certain of our affiliates were granted a new order for exemptive relief that superseded the prior order for exemptive relief (the “Exemptive Order”) by the SEC. The Exemptive Order allows us to co-invest in certain negotiated transactions with other funds managed by the Investment Adviser or certain affiliates pursuant to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to such Exemptive Order, we generally are permitted to co-invest with certain of our affiliates if such co-investments are done on the same terms and at the same time, as further detailed in the Exemptive Order. The Exemptive Order requires that a “required majority” (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our board of directors make certain findings (1) in most instances when we co-invest with our affiliates in an issuer where our affiliate has an existing investment in the issuer, and (2) if we dispose of an asset acquired in a transaction under the Exemptive Order unless the disposition is done on a pro rata basis, or is a sale of a tradable security. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, our board of directors oversees our participation in the co-investment program. As required by the Exemptive Order, we have adopted, and our board of directors has approved, policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the terms of the Exemptive Order, and the Investment Adviser and our Chief Compliance Officer will provide reporting to our board of directors. If the Investment Adviser manages certain other affiliates in the future, we may co-invest on a concurrent basis with such other affiliates, subject to compliance with applicable regulations and regulatory guidance or an exemptive order from the SEC and our allocation procedures. In addition, we pay management and incentive fees to the Investment Adviser and reimburse the Investment Adviser for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our common stock invest in us on a “gross” basis and receive distributions on a “net” basis after our expenses. Also, the incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser may create an incentive for the Investment Adviser to pursue investments that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangements. Any potential conflict of interest arising as a result of the arrangements with the Investment Adviser could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The Investment Committee, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion. The Investment Adviser’s investment professionals, Investment Committee or their respective affiliates may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, companies in which we invest. In the event that material non-public information is obtained with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the internal trading policies of those companies or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time from purchasing or selling the securities of such companies, and this prohibition may have an adverse effect on us and our stockholders. The valuation process for certain of our portfolio holdings creates a conflict of interest. Some of our portfolio investments are made in the form of securities that are not publicly traded. As a result, our board of directors determines the fair value of these securities in good faith. In connection with this determination, investment professionals from the Investment Adviser may provide our board of directors with portfolio company valuations based upon the most recent portfolio company financial statements available and projected financial results of each portfolio company. In addition, Steven B. Klinsky, a member of our board of directors, has an indirect pecuniary interest in the Investment Adviser. The participation of the Investment Adviser’s investment professionals in our valuation process, and the indirect pecuniary interest in the Investment Adviser by a member of our board of directors, could result in a conflict of interest as the Investment Adviser’s management fee is based, in part, on our gross assets and incentive fees are based, in part, on unrealized gains and losses. Conflicts of interest may exist related to other arrangements with the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. We have entered into a royalty-free license agreement with New Mountain Capital under which New Mountain Capital has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the names "New Mountain" and "New Mountain Finance", as well as the NMF logo. In addition, we reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, such as, but not limited to, the allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. This could create conflicts of interest that our board of directors must monitor. 33 Table of Contents The Investment Management Agreement with the Investment Adviser and the Administration Agreement with the Administrator were not negotiated on an arm’s length basis. The Investment Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement were negotiated between related parties. In addition, we may choose not to enforce, waive, or to enforce less vigorously, our respective rights and remedies under these agreements because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with the Investment Adviser, the Administrator and their respective affiliates. Any such decision, however, could cause us to breach our fiduciary obligations to our stockholders. The Investment Adviser’s liability is limited under the Investment Management Agreement, and we have agreed to indemnify the Investment Adviser against certain liabilities, which may lead the Investment Adviser to act in a riskier manner than it would when acting for its own account. Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser does not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for under that agreement, and it is not responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow the Investment Adviser’s advice or recommendations. Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser, its officers, members, personnel, any person controlling or controlled by the Investment Adviser are not liable for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard of the Investment Adviser’s duties under the Investment Management Agreement. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the Investment Adviser and each of its officers, directors, members, managers and employees from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted pursuant to authority granted by the Investment Management Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person’s duties under the Investment Management Agreement. These protections may lead the Investment Adviser to act in a riskier manner than it would when acting for its own account. The Investment Adviser can resign upon 60 days’ notice, and a suitable replacement may not be found within that time, resulting in disruptions in our operations that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser has the right to resign at any time upon 60 days’ written notice, whether a replacement has been found or not. If the Investment Adviser resigns, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If a replacement is not able to be found on a timely basis, our business, results of operations and financial condition and our ability to pay distributions are likely to be materially adversely affected and the market price of our common stock may decline. In addition, if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates, the coordination of its internal management and investment activities is likely to suffer. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, their integration into our business and lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The Administrator can resign upon 60 days’ notice from its role as Administrator under the Administration Agreement, and a suitable replacement may not be found, resulting in disruptions that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The Administrator has the right to resign under the Administration Agreement upon 60 days’ written notice, whether a replacement has been found or not. If the Administrator resigns, it may be difficult to find a new administrator or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms, or at all. If a replacement is not found quickly, our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our ability to pay distributions, are likely to be adversely affected, and the market price of our common stock may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and administrative activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a service provider or individuals with the expertise possessed by the Administrator. Even if a comparable service provider or individuals to perform such services are retained, whether internal or external, their integration into our business and lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we fail to operate as a BDC, our business and operating flexibility could be significantly reduced. We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs. For example, BDCs are required to invest at least 70.0% of their total assets in qualifying assets such as U.S. private companies or thinly-traded U.S. public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other 34 Table of Contents high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants. In addition, upon approval of a majority of our stockholders, we may elect to withdraw our election as a BDC. If we decide to withdraw our election, or if we otherwise fail to operate as a BDC, we may be subject to substantially greater regulation under the 1940 Act as a registered closed-end investment company. Compliance with these regulations would significantly decrease our operating flexibility and could significantly increase our cost of doing business. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be precluded from investing in certain assets or could be required to dispose of certain assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a BDC, we are prohibited from acquiring any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70.0% of our total assets are qualifying assets. We may acquire in the future other investments that are not qualifying assets to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we would be prohibited from investing in additional assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making follow on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inopportune times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of these investments quickly, it may be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. For example, we may have difficulty in finding a buyer and, even if a buyer is found, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Our ability to invest in public companies may be limited in certain circumstances. To maintain our status as a BDC, we are not permitted to acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70.0% of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Subject to certain exceptions for follow-on investments and distressed companies, an investment in an issuer that has outstanding securities listed on a national securities exchange may be treated as qualifying assets only if such issuer has a common equity market capitalization that is less than $250.0 million at the time of such investment. Regulations governing the operations of BDCs will affect our ability to raise additional equity capital as well as our ability to issue senior securities or borrow for investment purposes, any or all of which could have a negative effect on our investment objectives and strategies. Our business requires a substantial amount of capital. We may acquire additional capital from the issuance of senior securities, including borrowing under a credit facility or other indebtedness. In addition, we may also issue additional equity capital, which would in turn increase the equity capital available to us. However, we may not be able to raise additional capital in the future on favorable terms or at all. We may issue debt securities, preferred stock, and we may borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as "senior securities", up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act permits us to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150.0% after each issuance of senior securities (which means we can borrow $2 for every $1 of our equity). As a result of our SEC exemptive order, we are permitted to exclude the senior securities issued by SBIC I, SBIC II and SBIC III, if any, from the definition of senior securities in the 150.0% asset coverage ratio we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. If our asset coverage ratio is not at least 150.0%, we would be unable to issue additional senior securities, and certain provisions of certain of our senior securities may preclude us from making distributions to our stockholders. For example, our 2021A Unsecured Notes contained and 2022A Unsecured Notes contain a covenant that prohibits us from declaring or paying a distribution to our stockholders unless we satisfy the asset coverage ratio immediately after the distribution, and the 8.250% Unsecured Notes contain a covenant that would be triggered if we declare or pay a distribution to our stockholders resulting in an asset coverage ratio of less than 150.0% for more than six consecutive months. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to liquidate a portion of our investments and repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. 35 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our indebtedness as of December 31, 2025: Borrowing Maturity Date Permitted Borrowing Total Outstanding (in millions) (in millions) 2021A Unsecured Notes January 29, 2026 (2) N/A $ 200.0 2022A Unsecured Notes June 15, 2027 N/A 75.0 8.250% Unsecured Notes November 15, 2028 N/A 115.0 6.875% Unsecured Notes February 1, 2029 N/A 300.0 6.200% Unsecured Notes October 15, 2027 N/A 300.0 Holdings Credit Facility March 28, 2030 $ 730.0 420.1 SBA-guaranteed debentures September 1, 2030 (3) N/A 196.2 NMFC Credit Facility(1) September 28, 2029 527.1 81.1 Unsecured Management Company Revolver December 31, 2030 100.0 — $ 1,687.4 (1) Under the NMFC Credit Facility, we may borrow in United States dollars or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2025, we had borrowings denominated in Euro ("EUR") of €16.5 million and in British Pound Sterling ("GBP") of £8.7 million that have been converted to U.S. dollars. (2) The 2021A Unsecured Notes matured and were repaid on January 29, 2026. (3) Final SBA-guaranteed debentures mature on September 1, 2030. Please refer to Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 7. Borrowings for full maturity schedule. N/A - not applicable We may also obtain capital through the issuance of additional equity capital. As a BDC, we generally are not able to issue or sell our common stock at a price below then-current net asset value per share. If our common stock trades at a discount to our net asset value per share, this restriction could adversely affect our ability to raise equity capital. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below our net asset value per share of the common stock if our board of directors and independent directors determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any underwriting commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing more shares of our common stock, or if we issue senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, the percentage ownership of our stockholders may decline and you may experience dilution. Our business model in the future may depend to an extent upon our referral relationships with private equity sponsors, and the inability of the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business strategy. If the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser fail to maintain existing relationships or develop new relationships with other sponsors or sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser have relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and, therefore, there is no assurance that any relationships they currently or may in the future have will generate investment opportunities for us. We may experience fluctuations in our annual and quarterly results due to the nature of our business. We could experience fluctuations in our annual and quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the ability or inability of us to make investments in companies that meet our investment criteria, the interest rate payable on the debt securities acquired and the default rate on such securities, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in the markets in which we operate and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. 36 Table of Contents Our board of directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to your interests as stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority, except as otherwise provided in the 1940 Act, to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors may be able to change our investment policies and objectives without any input from our stockholders. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election to be regulated as, a BDC. Under Delaware law, we also cannot be dissolved without prior stockholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and the market price of our common stock. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates on all of our income if we are unable to maintain tax treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. Although we intend to continue to qualify annually as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, no assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain our RIC tax treatment. To maintain RIC tax treatment and be relieved of U.S. federal income taxes on income and gains distributed to our stockholders, we must meet the annual distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements described below. • The Annual Distribution Requirement for a RIC generally is satisfied if we timely distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to our stockholders on an annual basis at least 90.0% of our net ordinary taxable income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, if any. Because we use debt financing, we are subject to an asset coverage ratio requirement under the 1940 Act, and we are subject to certain financial covenants contained in the Holdings Credit Facility and other debt financing agreements (as applicable). This asset coverage ratio requirement and these financial covenants could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions to our stockholders, which distributions are necessary for us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, and thus are unable to make sufficient distributions to our stockholders, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). • The source-of-income requirement will be satisfied if at least 90.0% of our allocable share of our gross income for each year is derived from dividends and interest payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income from certain “qualified publicly traded partnerships” (as defined in the Code) or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities. • The asset diversification requirement will be satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. To satisfy this requirement, (i) at least 50.0% of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5.0% of the value of our assets or more than 10.0% of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and (ii) no more than 25.0% of the value of our assets can be invested in (a) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (b) the securities, other than securities of other RICs of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (c) the securities of one or more “qualified publicly traded partnerships”. Failure to meet these requirements may result in us having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of our RIC status. Because most of our investments are intended to be in private companies, and therefore may be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. If we fail to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC for any reason, and we do not qualify for certain relief provisions under the Code, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). In this event, the resulting tax liability could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. You may have current tax liabilities on distributions you reinvest in our common stock. Under the dividend reinvestment plan, if you own shares of our common stock registered in your own name, you will have all cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless you opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan by delivering notice by phone, internet or in writing to the plan administrator at least three days prior to the payment date of the next dividend or distribution. If you have not “opted out” of the dividend reinvestment plan, you will be deemed to have received, and be required to include income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount reinvested in our 37 Table of Contents common stock to the extent the amount reinvested was not a tax-free return of capital. As a result, you may have to use funds from other sources to pay your U.S. federal income tax liability on the value of the common stock received. We may not be able to pay you distributions on our common stock, our distributions to you may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions to you may be a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will continue to achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. If we are unable to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC, or if we violate certain covenants under the Unsecured Notes, the Holdings Credit Facility or the NMFC Credit Facility, our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders could be limited. All distributions are paid at the discretion of our board of directors and depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of our RIC status, compliance with applicable BDC regulations, compliance with covenants under the Unsecured Notes, the Holdings Credit Facility and the NMFC Credit Facility, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. The distributions that we pay to our stockholders in a year may exceed our taxable income for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital or gain from sale or exchange of property for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we include in our taxable income our allocable share of certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as original issue discount or accruals on a contingent payment debt instrument, which may occur if we receive warrants in connection with the origination of a loan or possibly in other circumstances or contracted PIK interest and dividends, which generally represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. Our allocable share of such original issue discount and PIK interest are included in our taxable income before we receive any corresponding cash payments. We also may be required to include in our taxable income our allocable share of certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash. Because in certain cases we may recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty making distributions to our stockholders that will be sufficient to enable us to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary for us to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC. Accordingly, we may need to sell some of our assets at times and/or at prices that we would not consider advantageous. We may need to raise additional equity or debt capital, or we may need to forego new investment opportunities or otherwise take actions that are disadvantageous to our business (or be unable to take actions that are advantageous to our business) to enable us to make distributions to our stockholders that will be sufficient to enable us to meet the annual distribution requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to enable us to meet the annual distribution requirement, we may fail to qualify for the U.S. federal income tax benefits allowable to RICs and, thus, become subject to a U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). Special tax issues regarding below investment grade securities We expect to invest in debt securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Investments in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when we may cease to accrue interest, original issue discount or market discount, when and to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. These and other issues will be addressed by us, to the extent necessary, to preserve our status as a RIC and to distribute sufficient income to not become subject to U.S. federal income tax. Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. Changes in the laws or regulations or the interpretations of the laws and regulations that govern BDCs, RICs or non-depository commercial lenders could significantly affect our operations and our cost of doing business. Our portfolio companies are subject to U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations. New legislation may be enacted or new interpretations, rulings or regulations could be adopted, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, including with respect to the types of investments we are permitted to make, and your interests as stockholders potentially with retroactive effect. In addition, any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations relating to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to make available to ourselves new or different opportunities. These changes could result in material changes to our strategies which may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of the Investment Adviser to other types of investments in which the Investment Adviser may have less expertise or little or no 38 Table of Contents experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and, consequently, the value of your investment in us. We cannot predict how tax reform legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business. Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Similarly, there are a number of proposals in Congress that would also modify the Code. The likelihood of any such legislation being enacted is uncertain, but new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could have adverse consequences, including significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or otherwise impact the U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable  to us and our stockholders of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences. Stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding tax legislative, regulatory, or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing in recent years. While we are currently not subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, due to the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we may in the future become the target of securities litigation or shareholder activism. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert the attention of our management and board of directors and resources from our business. Additionally, such securities litigation and stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation or activist stockholder matters. Further, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation or stockholder activism. The effect of global climate change may impact the operations and valuation of our portfolio companies. Climate change creates physical and financial risk and some of our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. For example, the needs of customers of energy companies vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of our portfolio companies if the use of energy products or services is material to their business. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our portfolio companies’ financial condition through, for example, decreased revenues, which may, in turn, impact the valuation of such portfolio companies. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. In December 2015 the United Nations adopted a climate accord (the "Paris Agreement") with the long-term goal of limiting global warming and the short-term goal of significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The current presidential administration has announced the United States would cease participation. As a result, some of our portfolio companies may become subject to new or strengthened regulations or legislation, which could increase their operating costs and/or decrease their revenues, which may, in turn, impact their ability to make payments on our investments. The Small Business Credit Availability Act ("SBCA") allows us to incur additional leverage, which could increase the risk of investing in our securities. The SBCA amends the 1940 Act to permit a BDC to reduce the required minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to 150.0% (which means we can borrow $2 for every $1 of our equity), subject to certain requirements described therein. On April 12, 2018, our board of directors, including a "required majority" (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the SBCA, and recommended the submission of a proposal for stockholders to approve the application of the 150.0% minimum asset coverage ratio to us at a special meeting of stockholders, which was held on June 8, 2018. The stockholder proposal was approved by the required votes of our stockholders at such special meeting of stockholders, and thus we became subject to the 150.0% minimum asset coverage ratio on June 9, 2018. Changing the asset coverage ratio permits us to double our leverage, which results in increased leverage risk and increased expenses. 39 Table of Contents Leverage magnifies the potential for loss on investments in our indebtedness and on invested equity capital. As we use leverage to partially finance our investments, you will experience increased risks of investing in our securities. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the net asset value attributable to our common stock to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged our business. Similarly, any increase in our income in excess of interest payable on the borrowed funds would cause our net investment income to increase more than it would without the leverage, while any decrease in our income would cause net investment income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to pay common stock dividends, scheduled debt payments or other payments related to our securities. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. Additionally, in June 2018, legislation amending the SBIC Act increased the individual leverage limit available to a single SBIC from $150.0 million to $175.0 million, subject to SBA approval. SBICs are generally eligible to borrow up to the individual leverage limit as long as the licensee satisfies the required amount of regulatory capital (equal to $75.0 million for SBIC I and SBIC II and $87.5 million for SBIC III), has received a capital commitment from the SBA, and has been through an examination by the SBA subsequent to licensing. SBIC I and SBIC II operate under the prior $150.0 million cap. SBIC III operates under the $175.0 million cap. The maximum leverage available to a "family" of affiliated SBIC funds is $350.0 million, subject to SBA approval. We may issue additional SBIC debentures and if we incur this additional indebtedness in the future, your risk of an investment in our securities may increase. We incur significant costs as a result of being a publicly traded company. As a publicly traded company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses, which are paid by us, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements applicable to a company whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act, as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”, and other rules implemented by the SEC. Efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. We are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. Under current SEC rules, since our fiscal year ending December 31, 2012, our management has been required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. We are required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we expect to continue to incur additional expenses, which may negatively impact our financial performance and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. This process also may result in a diversion of management’s time and attention. We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of any evaluation, testing and remediation actions or the impact of the same on our operations, and we are not able to ensure that the process is effective or that our internal control over financial reporting is or will continue to be effective in a timely manner. In the event that we are unable to maintain or achieve compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, we and, consequently, the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. Our business is highly dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay distributions. Our business is highly dependent on the communications and information systems of the Investment Adviser and its affiliates. Any failure or interruption of such systems could cause delays or other problems in our activities. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and, consequently, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. In addition, because many of our portfolio companies operate and rely on network infrastructure and enterprise applications and internal technology systems for development, marketing, operational, support and other business activities, a disruption or failure of any or all of these systems in the event of a major telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, fire, earthquake, severe weather conditions or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, delays in product development and loss of critical data and could otherwise disrupt their business operations. The failure of cybersecurity protection systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. We, and others in our industry, are the targets of malicious cyber activity, which we work hard to prevent. A successful cyber-attack, whether perpetrated by criminal or state-sponsored actors, against us or our service providers, or an accidental disclosure of non-public information, could have an adverse effect on our ability to communicate or conduct business, negatively impacting our operations and financial condition. This adverse effect can become particularly acute if those 40 Table of Contents events affect our electronic data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems, or impact the availability, integrity, or confidentiality of our data. We depend heavily upon computer systems to perform necessary business functions. Despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our computer systems, networks, and data, like those of other companies, could be subject to unauthorized access, acquisition, use, alteration, or destruction, such as from the insertion of malware (including ransomware). physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary, personal, and other information processed, stored in, and transmitted through our computer systems and networks. Such an attack could cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in financial losses, litigation, regulatory enforcement action and penalties, client dissatisfaction or loss, reputational damage, and increased costs associated with mitigation of damages and remediation. If unauthorized parties gain access to such information and technology systems, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify private and sensitive information, including nonpublic personal information related to stockholders (and their beneficial owners) and material nonpublic information. The systems we have implemented to manage risks relating to these types of events could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our and our Investment Adviser’s operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to stockholders, material nonpublic information and other sensitive information in our possession. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. Third parties with which we do business are sources of cybersecurity or other technological risk. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information, as well as client, counterparty, employee, and borrower information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, acquisition, use, alteration, destruction, or other cybersecurity incident that affects our data, resulting in increased costs and other consequences as described above. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data.  If we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our businesses, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Additionally, there continues to be significant evolution and developments in the use of artificial intelligence technologies and machine learning (collectively "AI Technologies") including generative artificial intelligence such as ChatGPT. The rapid development of AI Technologies may cause cybersecurity attached and related risks more difficult to detect, contain and mitigate. We, the Investment Adviser and our portfolio companies are subject to risks associated with “phishing” and other cyber-attacks. Our business and the business of our portfolio companies relies upon secure information technology systems for data processing, storage and reporting. Despite careful security and controls design, implementation and updating, ours and our portfolio companies’ information technology systems could become subject to cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems (e.g., through “hacking”, malicious software coding, social engineering or “phishing” attempts) for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Cyber-attacks may also be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of service attacks on websites (i.e., efforts to make network services unavailable to intended users). The Investment Adviser’s employees have been and expect to continue to be the target of fraudulent calls, emails and other forms of activities. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen information, misappropriation of assets, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our business relationships, regulatory fines or penalties, or other adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective 41 Table of Contents measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks related to cyber-attacks. The Investment Adviser’s and other service providers’ increased use of mobile and cloud technologies could heighten the risk of a cyber-attack as well as other operational risks, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond their control. The Investment Adviser’s and other service providers’ reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks could disrupt their operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information. In addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures against cyber-attacks may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase the speed and computing power available. Additionally, remote working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to cyber-attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts. Accordingly, the risks associated with cyber-attacks are heightened under current conditions. We are subject to risks associated with artificial intelligence and machine learning technology Recent technological advances in AI Technologies, as well as the rapid growth and widespread use thereof, pose risks to our business, products, portfolio companies and investments. AI Technologies have the potential to result in significant and disruptive changes in companies, sectors or industries, including those in which we invest, and any such changes could create new and unpredictable operational, legal and/or regulatory risks. To the extent our competitors make more efficient or extensive use of AI technologies, there is a possibility that such competitors will gain a competitive advantage. RISKS RELATING TO OUR INVESTMENTS Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of any of our investments. Companies in which we invest could deteriorate as a result of, among other factors, an adverse development in their business, a change in the competitive environment or an economic downturn. As a result, companies which we expect to be stable may operate, or expect to operate, at a loss or have significant variations in operating results, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations or to maintain their competitive position, or may otherwise have a weak financial condition or be experiencing financial distress. In some cases, the success of our investment strategy will depend, in part, on the ability to restructure and effect improvements in the operations of a portfolio company. The activity of identifying and implementing restructuring programs and operating improvements at portfolio companies entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that any person (including us) will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements. Although the Investment Adviser’s investment strategy includes a focus on tight control of risk, there can be no assurance that the various risks of an investment will be successfully controlled or that losses can be avoided. Investments in small and middle market businesses are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk of credit loss. These risks are likely to increase during volatile economic periods, such as the United States and many other economies have recently experienced. Among other things, these companies: • may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt instruments that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood that we realize any guarantees from subsidiaries or affiliates of our portfolio companies that we may have obtained in connection with our investment, as well as a corresponding decrease in the value of any equity components of our investments; • may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines, smaller market shares and/or more significant customer concentrations than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors' actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; • are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; • may be targets of cybersecurity or other technological risks; • generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, or may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence; 42 Table of Contents • may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; and • generally have less publicly available information about their businesses, operations and financial condition. In addition, in the course of providing significant managerial assistance to certain of our eligible portfolio companies, certain of our officers and directors may serve as directors on the boards of such companies. To the extent that litigation arises out of our investments in these companies, our officers and directors may be named as defendants in such litigation, which could result in an expenditure of funds (through our indemnification of such officers and directors) and the diversion of management time and resources. Our investment strategy, which is focused primarily on privately held companies, presents certain challenges, including the lack of available information about these companies. We invest primarily in privately held companies. There is generally little public information about these companies, and, as a result, we must rely on the ability of the Investment Adviser to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from, and risks related to, investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Also, privately held companies frequently have less diverse product lines and smaller market presence than larger competitors. They are, thus, generally more vulnerable to economic downturns and may experience substantial variations in operating results. These factors could adversely affect our investment returns. Our investments in securities rated below investment grade are speculative in nature and are subject to additional

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components—a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to the Investment Adviser and any incentive fees paid in cash to the Investment Adviser are borne by us and, as a result, are indirectly borne by our common stockholders. Base Management Fees Pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Management Agreement dated November 1, 2021 ("Amendment No.1") the base management fee was calculated at an annual rate of 1.4% of our "gross assets", which equals our total assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents. Pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to the Investment Management Agreement dated January 29, 2025 ("Amendment No. 2"), the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.25% of our gross assets. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets, which equals our total assets, as determined in accordance with GAAP, less cash and cash equivalents at the end of each of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted on a pro rata basis for any equity capital raises or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. To the extent we invest in derivatives, we use the actual value of the derivatives, as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, for purposes of calculating the base management fee. We entered into a fee waiver agreement, dated March 31, 2021, as subsequently amended on November 2, 2021 and August 3, 2023, pursuant to which, effective as of and for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 through the quarter ended December 31, 2024, the Investment Adviser waived base management fees in order to reach a target base management fee of 1.25% on gross assets. Following the expiration of the Fee Waiver Agreement on December 31, 2024, the Investment Adviser agreed to waive an amount of the base management fee that it may have been entitled to under the Investment Advisory Agreement for the period of January 1, 2025 through January 28, 2025, that would be in excess of an annual rate of 1.25% of our gross assets. The Investment Adviser cannot recoup management fees that the Investment Adviser has previously waived. For the year ended December 31, 2025, total management fees waived were approximately $0.3 million. Incentive Fees The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals 20.0% of our "Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income" for the immediately preceding quarter, subject to a "preferred return", or "hurdle", and a "catch-up" feature. "Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income" means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, upfront, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, as amended and restated (the "Administration Agreement"), with the Administrator, and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock (of which there were none as of December 31, 2025), but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, will be compared to a "hurdle rate" of 2.0% per quarter (8.0% annualized), subject to a "catch-up" provision measured as of the end of each calendar quarter. The hurdle rate is appropriately pro-rated for any partial periods. The calculation of our incentive fee with respect to the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for each quarter is as follows: • No incentive fee is payable to the Investment Adviser in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 2.0% (the "preferred return" or "hurdle"). • 100.0% of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 2.5% in any calendar quarter (10.0% annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser. This portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 2.5%) is referred to as the "catch-up". The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.0% on all of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds 2.5% in any calendar quarter. 13 Table of Contents • 20.0% of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds 2.5% in any calendar quarter (10.0% annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved. For the year ended December 31, 2025, incentive fees waived were approximately $12.8 million. The Investment Adviser cannot recoup incentive fees that the Investment Adviser has previously waived. The second part of the incentive fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement) and will equal 20.0% of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fee. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946, Financial Services—Investment Companies ("ASC 946"), we accrue a hypothetical capital gains incentive fee based upon the cumulative net realized capital gains and realized capital losses and the cumulative net unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. Actual amounts paid to the Investment Adviser are consistent with the Investment Management Agreement and are based only on actual realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year as if the entire portfolio was sold at fair value. Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee for Each Calendar Quarter: Alternative 1 Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25% Hurdle rate(1) = 2.00% Management fee(2) = 0.3125% Other expenses (legal, accounting, safekeeping agent, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20% Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income – (management fee + other expenses)) = 0.74% Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate, therefore there is no income related incentive fee. Alternative 2 Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.90% Hurdle rate(1) = 2.00% Management fee(2) = 0.3125% Other expenses (legal, accounting, safekeeping agent, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20% Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income – (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.39% Incentive fee = 100.00% × Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (subject to "catch-up")(4) = 100.00% × (2.39% – 2.00%) = 0.39% Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the hurdle rate, but does not fully satisfy the "catch-up" provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.39%. Alternative 3 Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.50% Hurdle rate(1) = 2.00% Management fee(2) = 0.3125% 14 Table of Contents Other expenses (legal, accounting, safekeeping agent, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20% Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income – (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.99% Incentive fee = 100.00% × Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (subject to "catch-up")(4) Incentive fee = 100.00% × "catch-up" + (20.00% × (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 2.50%)) Catch-up = 2.50% – 2.00% = 0.50% Incentive fee = (100.00% × 0.50%) + (20.00% × (2.99% – 2.50%)) = 0.50% + (20.00% × 0.49%) = 0.50% + 0.10% = 0.60% Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the hurdle rate, and fully satisfies the "catch-up" provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.60% . (1) Represents 8.00% annualized hurdle rate. (2) Assumes 1.25% annualized base management fee effective January 29, 2025 per Amendment No. 2 of the Investment Management Agreement. (3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. (4) The "catch-up" provision is intended to provide the Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.00% on all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.50% in any calendar quarter. Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee: Alternative 1: Assumptions Year 1: $20.0 million investment made in Company A ("Investment A"), and $30.0 million investment made in Company B ("Investment B") Year 2: Investment A sold for $50.0 million and fair market value ("FMV") of Investment B determined to be $32.0 million Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $25.0 million Year 4: Investment B sold for $31.0 million The capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: Year 1: None Year 2: Capital gains incentive fee of $6.0 million—($30.0 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20.0%) Year 3: None—$5.0 million (20.0% multiplied by ($30.0 million cumulative capital gains less $5.0 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less $6.0 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) Year 4: Capital gains incentive fee of $0.2 million—$6.2 million ($31.0 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20.0%) less $6.0 million (capital gains incentive fee taken in Year 2) 15 Table of Contents Alternative 2 Assumptions Year 1: $20.0 million investment made in Company A ("Investment A"), $30.0 million investment made in Company B ("Investment B") and $25.0 million investment made in Company C ("Investment C") Year 2: Investment A sold for $50.0 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be $25.0 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be $25.0 million Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $27.0 million and Investment C sold for $30.0 million Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be $35.0 million Year 5: Investment B sold for $20.0 million The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: Year 1: None Year 2: $5.0 million capital gains incentive fee—20.0% multiplied by $25.0 million ($30.0 million realized capital gains on Investment A less $5.0 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) Year 3: $1.4 million capital gains incentive fee—$6.4 million (20.0% multiplied by $32.0 million ($35.0 million cumulative realized capital gains less $3.0 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less $5.0 million capital gains incentive fee received in Year 2 Year 4: $0.6 million capital gains incentive fee—$7.0 million (20.0% multiplied by $35.0 million cumulative realized capital gains) less cumulative $6.4 million capital gains incentive fee received in Year 2 and Year 3 Year 5: None—$5.0 million (20.0% multiplied by $25.0 million (cumulative realized capital gains of $35.0 million less realized capital losses of $10.0 million)) less $7.0 million cumulative capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2, Year 3 and Year 4(1) (1) As noted above, it is possible that the cumulative aggregate capital gains fee received by the Investment Adviser ($7.0 million) is effectively greater than $5.0 million (20.0% of cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less net realized capital losses or net unrealized depreciation ($25.0 million)). Payment of Expenses Our primary operating expenses are interest payable on our debt, the payment of a base management fee and any incentive fees under the Investment Management Agreement and the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement. We bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: • organizational and offering expenses; • the investigation and monitoring of our investments; • the cost of calculating net asset value; • interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments; • the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; • management and incentive fees payable pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement; • fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments (including third-party valuation firms); • transfer agent and custodial fees; • fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts (including attendance at investment conferences and similar events); • federal and state registration fees; • any exchange listing fees; • federal, state, local and foreign taxes; • independent directors' fees and expenses; • brokerage commissions; • costs of proxy statements, stockholders' reports and notices; • costs of preparing government filings, including periodic and current reports with the SEC; 16 Table of Contents • fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; • costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; • fidelity bond, liability insurance and other insurance premiums; and • printing, mailing and all other direct expenses incurred by either the Investment Adviser or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that are based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, including the allocable portion of the compensation of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Board Consideration of the Investment Management Agreement Our board of directors initially approved our Investment Management Agreement between the Company and the Adviser on March 25, 2014. Thereafter, our stockholders approved the Investment Management Agreement on May 6, 2014. The Investment Management Agreement first became effective on May 8, 2014. Our board of directors determined at a virtual meeting held on November 1, 2021 to approve Amendment No. 1, the sole purpose of which was to reduce the base management fee from 1.75% of the Company's gross assets to 1.4% of the Company's gross assets. Our board of directors determined at the board meeting held on January 29, 2025 to approve Amendment No. 2, the sole purpose of which was to reduce the base management fee from 1.4% of the Company's gross assets to 1.25% of the Company's gross assets. On February 11, 2026, our board of directors held a board meeting to re-approve the Investment Management Agreement for an additional one year period ending March 1, 2027. In its consideration of the re-approval of the Investment Management Agreement, our board of directors focused on information they had received relating to, among other things: • the nature, extent and quality of advisory and other services provided by the Investment Adviser, including information about our investment performance relative to our stated objectives and in comparison to our performance peer group and relevant market indices, and concluded that such advisory and other services are satisfactory and our investment performance is reasonable; • the experience and qualifications of the personnel providing such advisory and other services, including information about the backgrounds of the investment personnel, the allocation of responsibilities among such personnel and the process by which investment decisions are made, and concluded that the investment personnel of the Investment Adviser have extensive experience and are well qualified to provide advisory and other services to us; • the current fee structure, the existence of any fee waivers, and our anticipated expense ratios in relation to those of other investment companies having comparable investment policies and limitations, and concluded that the current fee structure is reasonable; • the advisory fees charged to us by the Investment Adviser and comparative data regarding the advisory fees charged by other investment advisers to BDCs with similar investment objectives, and concluded that the advisory fees charged to us by the Investment Adviser are reasonable; • the direct and indirect costs, including for personnel and office facilities, that are incurred by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates in performing services for us and the basis of determining and allocating these costs, and concluded that the direct and indirect costs, including the allocation of such costs, are reasonable; • the total of all assets managed by the Adviser, as well as total number of investment companies and other clients serviced by the Adviser and possible economies of scale arising from our size and/or anticipated growth, and the extent to which such economies of scale are reflected in the advisory fees charged to us by the Investment Adviser, and concluded that some economies of scale may be possible in the future; • other possible benefits to the Investment Adviser and its affiliates arising from their relationships with us, and concluded that any such other benefits were not material to the Investment Adviser and its affiliates; and • possible alternative fee structures or bases for determining fees and the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers, and concluded that our current fee structure and bases for determining fees are satisfactory. Based on the information reviewed and the discussions detailed above, our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors, concluded that the fees payable to the Investment Adviser pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement were reasonable, and comparable to the fees paid by other management investment companies with similar investment objectives, in relation to the services to be provided. As a result, our board of directors approved the Investment Management Agreement for a period of 12 months commencing on March 1, 2026. Our board of directors did not assign 17 Table of Contents relative weights to the above factors or the other factors considered by it. Individual members of our board of directors may have given different weights to different factors. Qualifying Assets Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as "qualifying assets", unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70.0% of the BDC's total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an "eligible portfolio company", or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; (b) is not an investment company (other than an SBIC wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and (c) satisfies any of the following: i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than $250.0 million; iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than $4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than $2.0 million. 2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that the BDC controls. 3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the BDC already owns 60.0% of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. As of December 31, 2025, 15.4% of our total assets are represented by investments at fair value that are considered non-qualifying assets. Significant Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies BDCs generally must offer to make available to the eligible issuers of its securities significant managerial assistance, except in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or 18 Table of Contents business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Administrator or its affiliate provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that accept our offer of managerial assistance. Temporary Investments Pending investments in other types of qualifying assets, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment (collectively, as “temporary investments”), so that 70.0% of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. We had no temporary investments as of December 31, 2025. Repurchase Agreements A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25.0% of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. The Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. We had no repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2025. Senior Securities We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150.0% immediately after each such issuance (which means we can borrow $2 for every $1 of our equity). If our asset ratio coverage is not at least 150.0%, we would be unable to issue additional senior securities, and certain provisions of our senior securities may preclude us from making distributions to our stockholders. We may also borrow amounts up to 5.0% of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to our asset coverage. We will include our assets and liabilities and all of our wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries for purposes of calculating the asset coverage ratio. We received exemptive relief from the SEC on November 5, 2014, allowing us to modify the asset coverage requirement to exclude SBA-guaranteed debentures from this calculation. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A.—

