TICKER: NODK
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, and/or workforce. Our business operations could be substantially interrupted
by flooding, snow, ice, wind, and other weather-related incidents, or from fire, pandemics, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorism,
or other such events. Our business continuity plans may not sufficiently remediate all risks associated with future significant business
interruptions. Any damage caused by such a failure or loss may cause interruptions in our business operations that may adversely affect
our service levels and business. Trade policies, including tariffs, could adversely impact our financial
condition and operating results. We maintain reserves to cover estimated unpaid losses and expenses
necessary to settle claims. The reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses that we have established are estimates of amounts needed
to pay reported and unreported claims and related expenses, based on facts and circumstances known to us at the time we established the
reserves. Reserves are actuarially projected based on historical claims information, industry statistics, anticipated trends, and other
factors. Changes in U.S. trade policy, including changes in tariffs, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. The imposition of new tariffs or increases in existing tariffs on goods imported from other countries could
result in increased costs for raw materials, components, or finished goods and adversely impact loss severity. In addition, tariffs or
other trade restrictions may lead to continuing uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and commodity
markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation, and diminished expectations for the economy. Such conditions could have
a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. We are unable to predict the ultimate result and duration
of any tariff actions by the U.S. government or countermeasures that may be taken by other nations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity risk is an important and evolving focus for the Company. The increased sophistication and activities of unauthorized parties attempting to access our systems is an ever-present risk. Cybersecurity risks may also arise from human error, fraud, or malice on the part of employees or third parties who have authorized access to our systems or information. Our information security program is directly managed by a dedicated Chief Information Officer, whose team is responsible for enterprise-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. Company employees are periodically required to affirm their understanding of several policies and standards, including those related to cybersecurity. Our cybersecurity strategy is primarily focused on network security, data security, vulnerability management, incident management, and disaster recovery. We utilize internal resources as well as third-party consultants and vendors to periodically conduct cybersecurity vulnerability testing, facilitate employee training, perform system assessments, and provide recommendations based on industry best practices. The Chief Information Officer provides periodic reports to our ERMC related to cybersecurity risks and threats, the status of projects to strengthen our information security systems and controls, assessments of the information security program and related third-party service providers, and the emerging threat landscape. The ERMC provides oversight and support related to our cybersecurity program and consists of our Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, and other appropriate members of senior management who possess the relevant expertise to assess and manage cybersecurity risks as part of the broader enterprise risk management process. Periodic reports are also provided to appropriate members of senior management that include information regarding prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts related to cybersecurity incidents. Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Information Officer also provide periodic reports to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors regarding ERMC activities and assessments, including those related to cybersecurity and cybersecurity incidents. The Audit Committee of the board oversees our risk management program, which focuses on the most significant risks we face in the short-, intermediate-, and long-term timeframes. Audit Committee meetings include discussions of specific risk areas throughout the year, including, among others, those relating to cybersecurity threats, and reports from management on our enterprise risk profile on an annual basis. As of the date of this 2025 Annual Report, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Refer to the risk factor captioned “Cyberattacks, security breaches, or similar events affecting the technologies and systems we rely on to 23 operate our business and to maintain and protect sensitive Company and customer data could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation, and result in material losses” in Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, components, or finished goods and adversely impact loss severity. In addition, tariffs or
other trade restrictions may lead to continuing uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and commodity
markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation, and diminished expectations for the economy. Such conditions could have
a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. We are unable to predict the ultimate result and duration
of any tariff actions by the U.S. government or countermeasures that may be taken by other nations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity risk is an important and evolving focus for the Company. The increased sophistication and activities of unauthorized parties attempting to access our systems is an ever-present risk. Cybersecurity risks may also arise from human error, fraud, or malice on the part of employees or third parties who have authorized access to our systems or information. Our information security program is directly managed by a dedicated Chief Information Officer, whose team is responsible for enterprise-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. Company employees are periodically required to affirm their understanding of several policies and standards, including those related to cybersecurity. Our cybersecurity strategy is primarily focused on network security, data security, vulnerability management, incident management, and disaster recovery. We utilize internal resources as well as third-party consultants and vendors to periodically conduct cybersecurity vulnerability testing, facilitate employee training, perform system assessments, and provide recommendations based on industry best practices. The Chief Information Officer provides periodic reports to our ERMC related to cybersecurity risks and threats, the status of projects to strengthen our information security systems and controls, assessments of the information security program and related third-party service providers, and the emerging threat landscape. The ERMC provides oversight and support related to our cybersecurity program and consists of our Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, and other appropriate members of senior management who possess the relevant expertise to assess and manage cybersecurity risks as part of the broader enterprise risk management process. Periodic reports are also provided to appropriate members of senior management that include information regarding prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts related to cybersecurity incidents. Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Information Officer also provide periodic reports to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors regarding ERMC activities and assessments, including those related to cybersecurity and cybersecurity incidents. The Audit Committee of the board oversees our risk management program, which focuses on the most significant risks we face in the short-, intermediate-, and long-term timeframes. Audit Committee meetings include discussions of specific risk areas throughout the year, including, among others, those relating to cybersecurity threats, and reports from management on our enterprise risk profile on an annual basis. As of the date of this 2025 Annual Report, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Refer to the risk factor captioned “Cyberattacks, security breaches, or similar events affecting the technologies and systems we rely on to 23 operate our business and to maintain and protect sensitive Company and customer data could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation, and result in material losses” in Part I,

