TICKER: NRP
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains and created significant volatility in the financial markets. In addition, the pandemic resulted in travel restrictions, business closures and the institution of quarantining and other restrictions on movement in many communities and global trading markets. Coal markets faced substantial challenges prior to the pandemic, and widespread increases in unemployment and decreases in electricity and steel demand further reduced demand and prices for coal in 2020. In addition, demand for and prices of soda ash decreased in 2020, as global manufacturing slowed. Our Board of Directors determined to suspend cash distributions to our common unitholders with respect to the first quarter of 2020 in order to preserve liquidity due to uncertainties created by the pandemic. In addition, Sisecam Wyoming suspended cash distributions to its members in 2020 due to adverse effects of the pandemic on the global and domestic soda ash markets. Both companies have resumed distributions, however there remains a risk that distributions could be suspended in the future due to another global pandemic. Prices for both metallurgical and thermal coal are volatile and depend on a number of factors beyond our control. Declines in prices could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Coal prices continue to be volatile and prices could decline substantially from current levels. Production by some of our lessees may not be economic if prices decline further or remain at current levels. The prices our lessees receive for their coal depend upon factors beyond their or our control, including: • the supply of and demand for domestic and foreign coal; • domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; • changes in fuel consumption patterns of electric power generators; • the price and availability of alternative fuels, especially natural gas; • global economic conditions, including the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies; • global and domestic demand for steel; • tariff rates on imports and trade disputes, particularly involving the United States and China; • the availability of, proximity to and capacity of transportation networks and facilities; • global or national health concerns, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease; • weather conditions; and • the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures. Natural gas is the primary fuel that competes with thermal coal for power generation, and renewable energy sources continue to gain market share in power generation. The abundance and ready availability of cheap natural gas, together with increased governmental regulations on the power generation industry has caused a number of utilities to switch from thermal coal to natural gas and/or close coal-powered generation plants. This switching has resulted in a decline in thermal coal prices, and to the extent that natural gas prices remain low, thermal coal prices will also remain low. Reduced international demand for export thermal coal and increased competition from global producers has also put downward pressure on thermal coal prices. Our lessees produce a significant amount of metallurgical coal that is used for steel production domestically and internationally. Since the amount of steel that is produced is tied to global economic conditions, declines in those conditions could result in the decline of steel, coke and metallurgical coal production. Since metallurgical coal is priced higher than thermal coal, some mines on our properties may only operate profitably if all or a portion of their production is sold as metallurgical coal. If these mines are unable to sell metallurgical coal, they may not be economically viable and may be temporarily idled or closed. Any potential future lessee bankruptcy filings could create additional uncertainty as to the future of operations on our properties and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. To the extent our lessees are unable to economically produce coal over the long term, the carrying value of our coal mineral rights could be adversely affected. A long-term asset generally is deemed impaired when the future expected cash flow from its use and disposition is less than its book value. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we had immaterial impairment charges related to properties that we believe our current or future lessees are unable to operate profitably. Future impairment analyses could result in additional downward adjustments to the carrying value of our assets. Changes to trade regulations, including trade restrictions, sanctions, tariffs, or duties, could significantly harm our results of operations. Restrictions on international trade, such as sanctions, tariffs, duties and other governmental controls on imports or exports of goods, could adversely affect our business. For example, the Chinese tariffs on U.S. coal, which were implemented in 2025, could continue to negatively affect the overall price of coal. If new legislation or additional trade restrictions are adopted or geopolitical tensions were to increase and reduce the price received by our lessees for coal sales, the amount of royalties that we receive from our lessees would also be reduced which could adversely affect our free cash flow. 27 Table of Contents Prices for soda ash are volatile. Any substantial or extended decline in soda ash prices could have an adverse effect on Sisecam Wyoming ’ s ability to continue to make distributions to its members and on our results of operations. The market price of soda ash directly affects the profitability of Sisecam Wyoming’s soda ash production operations. If the market price for soda ash declines, Sisecam Wyoming’s sales will decrease. Historically, the global market and, to a lesser extent, the domestic market for soda ash has been volatile, and those markets are likely to remain volatile in the future. Currently, global soda ash prices are suffering a severe decline and Sisecam Wyoming’s profitability has been negatively affected. We cannot predict when or whether soda ash prices will recover to a point where Sisecam Wyoming will resume distribution payments to us. The prices Sisecam Wyoming receives for its soda ash depend on numerous factors beyond Sisecam Wyoming’s control, including worldwide and regional economic and political conditions impacting supply and demand. In addition, the impact of the Sisecam Chemicals Resources' exit from ANSAC and Sisecam Wyoming’s transition to the utilization of Sisecam Group’s global distribution network for some of its export operations beginning 2021 could affect prices received for export sales. Glass manufacturers and other industrial customers drive most of the demand for soda ash, and these customers experience significant fluctuations in demand and production costs. Competition from increased use of glass substitutes, such as plastic and recycled glass, has had a negative effect on demand for soda ash. Substantial or extended declines in prices for soda ash could have a material adverse effect on Sisecam Wyoming’s ability to continue to make distributions to its members and on our results of operations. We derive a large percentage of our revenues and other income from a small number of coal lessees. Challenges in the coal mining industry have led to significant consolidation activity. We own significant interests in several of Alpha's mining operations, which accounted for approximately 26% of our total revenues in 2025. We also own significant interests in all of Foresight’s mining operations, which accounted for approximately 21% of our total revenues in 2025. We also own a significant interest in Alabama Kanu's Oak Grove operation, which accounted for approximately 11% of our total revenues in 2025. Certain other lessees have made acquisitions over the past few years resulting in their having an increased interest in our coal. Any interruption in these lessees’ ability to make royalty payments to us could have a disproportionate material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Bankruptcies in the coal industry, and/or the idling or closure of mines on our properties could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. While current coal prices have recovered substantially, the recent coal price environment, together with high operating costs and limited access to capital, has caused a number of coal producers to file for protection under The U.S. Bankruptcy Code and/or idle or close mines that they cannot operate profitably. To the extent our leases are accepted or assigned in a bankruptcy process, pre-petition amounts are required to be cured in full, but we may ultimately make concessions in the financial terms of those leases in order for the reorganized company or new lessor to operate profitably going forward. To the extent our leases are rejected, operations on those leases will cease, and we will be unlikely to recover the full amount of our rejection damages claims. More of our lessees may file for bankruptcy in the future, which will create additional uncertainty as to the future of operations on our properties and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Mining operations are subject to operating risks that could result in lower revenues to us. Our revenues are largely dependent on the level of production of minerals from our properties, and any interruptions to or increases in costs of the production from our properties may reduce our revenues. The level of production and costs thereof are subject to operating conditions or events beyond our or our lessees’ control including: • difficulties or delays in acquiring necessary permits or mining or surface rights; • reclamation costs and bonding costs; • changes or variations in geologic conditions, such as the thickness of the mineral deposits and the amount of rock embedded in or overlying the mineral deposit; • mining and processing equipment failures and unexpected maintenance problems; • the availability of equipment or parts and increased costs related thereto; • the availability of transportation networks and facilities and interruptions due to transportation delays; • adverse weather and natural disasters, such as heavy rains and flooding; • labor-related interruptions and trained personnel shortages; and • mine safety incidents or accidents, including hazardous conditions, roof falls, fires and explosions. While our lessees maintain insurance coverage, there is no assurance that insurance will be available or cover the costs of these risks. Many of our lessees are experiencing rising costs related to regulatory compliance, insurance coverage, permitting and reclamation bonding, transportation, and labor. Increased costs result in decreased profitability for our lessees and reduce the competitiveness of coal as a fuel source. In addition, we and our lessees may also incur costs and liabilities resulting from third-party claims for damages to property or injury to persons arising from their operations. The occurrence of any of these events or conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 28 Table of Contents The adoption of climate change legislation and regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases and other hazardous air pollutants has resulted in changes in fuel consumption patterns by electric power generators and a corresponding decrease in coal production by our lessees and reduced coal-related revenues. Enactment of laws and passage of regulations regarding emissions from the combustion of coal by the U.S., some of its states or other countries, or other actions to limit such emissions, have resulted in and could continue to result in electricity generators switching from coal to other fuel sources and in coal-fueled power plant closures. Further, regulations regarding new coal-fueled power plants could adversely impact the global demand for coal. The potential financial impact on us of existing and future laws, regulations or other policies will depend upon the degree to which any such laws or regulations force electricity generators to diminish their reliance on coal as a fuel source. The amount of coal consumed for domestic electric power generation is affected primarily by the overall demand for electricity, the price and availability of competing fuels for power plants and environmental and other governmental regulations. We expect that substantially all newly constructed power plants in the United States will be fired by natural gas because of lower construction and compliance costs compared to coal-fired plants and because natural gas is a cleaner burning fuel. The increasingly stringent requirements of rules and regulations promulgated under the federal Clean Air Act have resulted in more electric power generators shifting from coal to natural-gas-fired power plants, or to other alternative energy sources such as solar and wind. These changes have resulted in reduced coal consumption and the production of coal from our properties and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on our coal-related revenues. In addition to EPA’s greenhouse gas initiatives, there are several other federal rulemakings regulating emissions of nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide, and the Mercury and Air Toxics Rule ("MATS"), which regulates emissions of hazardous air pollutants. Installation of additional emissions control technologies and other measures required under these and other EPA regulations have made it more costly to operate many coal-fired power plants and have resulted in and are expected to continue to result in plant closures. Further reductions in coal’s share of power generating capacity as a result of compliance with existing or proposed rules and regulations would have a material adverse effect on our coal-related revenues. For more information on regulation of greenhouse gas and other air pollutant emissions, see " Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties—Regulation and Environmental Matters .” Concerns about the environmental impacts of coal combustion, including perceived impacts on global climate issues, are also resulting in unfavorable lending and investment policies by institutions and insurance companies which could significantly affect our ability to raise capital or maintain current insurance levels. Global climate issues continue to attract public and scientific attention. Numerous reports have engendered concern about the impacts of human activity, especially fossil fuel combustion, on global climate issues. In addition to government regulation of greenhouse gas and other air pollutant emissions, there have also been efforts in recent years affecting the investment community, including investment advisors, sovereign wealth funds, public pension funds, universities and other groups, promoting the divestment of fossil fuel equities and also pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuels, such as coal. Recently, the Net Zero Banking Alliance, a group of over 100 banks worldwide representing over 40% of global banking assets that were committed to aligning their investment portfolios with net zero emissions by 2050, ceased operations, reflecting growing political and market headwinds. Further, in October 2023, the Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. released a finalized set of principles guiding financial institutions with $100 billion or more in assets on the management of physical and transition risks associated with climate change. However, in October 2025, the three banking agencies withdrew this guidance. Nevertheless, the impact of any such efforts may adversely affect our ability to raise capital. In addition, a number of insurance companies have taken action to limit coverage for companies in the coal industry, which could result in significant increases in our costs of insurance or in our inability to maintain insurance coverage at current levels. Increased attention to climate change, environmental, sustainability matters and conservation measures may adversely impact our business. Increasing attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, and investor and societal expectations regarding sustainability matters and disclosures, may result in increased costs, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our access to capital. Any laws or regulations imposing more stringent requirements on our business related to the disclosure of climate-related risks may increase compliance costs, and result in potential restrictions on access to capital to the extent we do not meet any climate-related expectations or requirements of financial institutions. In addition, some states (such as California) have adopted or are considering adopting laws requiring the disclosure of certain climate-related risks and GHG emission reduction claims. Lawsuits have been filed challenging the implementation of these laws, but we cannot predict the outcome of these suits at this time. As a result, the ultimate impact of any climate-related disclosure requirements imposed in the future on our business is uncertain and may result in increased compliance costs and increased costs of and restrictions on access to capital. Organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to sustainability matters, and many of these ratings processes are inconsistent with each other. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable sustainability ratings and recent activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with energy-related assets could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us and our industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. Furthermore, if our competitors’ sustainability performance is perceived to be greater than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest in our competitors instead. 29 Table of Contents In addition to climate change and other Clean Air Act legislation, our businesses are subject to numerous other federal, state and local laws and regulations that may limit production from our properties and our profitability. Thus, any changes in environmental laws and regulations or reinterpretations of enforcement policies, or in presidential administrations, that result in more stringent or costly obligations could adversely affect our performance. The operations of our lessees and Sisecam Wyoming are subject to stringent health and safety standards under increasingly strict federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws, including mine safety regulations and governmental enforcement policies. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, the issuance of injunctions to limit or cease operations, the suspension or revocation of permits and other enforcement measures that could have the effect of limiting production from our properties. New environmental legislation, new regulations and new interpretations of existing environmental laws, including regulations governing permitting requirements, or changes in presidential administrations, could further regulate or tax mining industries and may also require significant changes to operations, the incurrence of increased costs or the requirement to obtain new or different permits, any of which could decrease our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Under SMCRA, our coal lessees have substantial reclamation obligations on properties where mining operations have been completed and are required to post performance bonds for their reclamation obligations. To the extent an operator is unable to satisfy its reclamation obligations or the performance bonds posted are not sufficient to cover those obligations, regulatory authorities or citizens groups could attempt to shift reclamation liability onto the ultimate landowner, which if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition to governmental regulation, private citizens’ groups have continued to be active in bringing lawsuits against coal mine operators and landowners, alleging violations of water quality standards resulting from ongoing discharges of pollutants from reclaimed mining operations, including selenium and conductivity. Any determination that a landowner or lessee has liability for discharges from a previously reclaimed mine site would result in uncertainty as to continuing liability for completed and reclaimed coal mine operations and could result in substantial compliance costs or fines. For more information on regulation of greenhouse gas and other air pollutant emissions, see " Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties—Regulation and Environmental Matters. ” If our lessees do not manage their operations well, their production volumes and our royalty revenues could decrease. We depend on our lessees to effectively manage their operations on our properties. Our lessees make their own business decisions with respect to their operations within the constraints of their leases, including decisions relating to: • the payment of minimum royalties; • marketing of the minerals mined; • mine plans, including the amount to be mined and the method and timing of mining activities; • processing and blending minerals; • expansion plans and capital expenditures; • credit risk of their customers; • permitting; • insurance and surety bonding; • acquisition of surface rights and other mineral estates; • employee wages; • transportation arrangements; • compliance with applicable laws, including environmental laws; and • mine closure and reclamation. A failure on the part of one of our lessees to make royalty payments, including minimum royalty payments, could give us the right to terminate the lease, repossess the property and enforce payment obligations under the lease. If we repossessed any of our properties, we would seek a replacement lessee. We might not be able to find a replacement lessee and, if we did, we might not be able to enter into a new lease on favorable terms within a reasonable period of time. In addition, the existing lessee could be subject to bankruptcy proceedings that could further delay the execution of a new lease or the assignment of the existing lease to another operator. If we enter into a new lease, the replacement operator might not achieve the same levels of production or sell minerals at the same price as the lessee it replaced. In addition, it may be difficult for us to secure new or replacement lessees. We have limited approval rights with respect to the management of our Sisecam Wyoming soda ash joint venture, including with respect to cash distributions and capital expenditures. In addition, we are exposed to operating risks that we do not experience in the royalty business through our soda ash joint venture and through our ownership of certain coal transportation assets. We do not have control over the operations of Sisecam Wyoming. We have limited approval rights with respect to Sisecam Wyoming, and our partner controls most business decisions, including decisions with respect to distributions and capital expenditures. During 2020, Sisecam Wyoming suspended cash distributions to its members due to adverse developments in the soda ash market resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Distributions resumed in 2021 but due to a severe decline in global soda ash prices, distributions have again been suspended. The soda ash market continues to be significantly oversupplied from the influx of new capacity from China and sales prices remain below the cost of production for most producers. We expect soda ash prices to remain at these lower levels for the foreseeable future and do not expect distributions from Sisecam Wyoming to resume for several years until high-cost capacity is forced to retire. In February 2026, we and Sisecam Wyoming's managing partner agreed to make an additional capital investment into Sisecam Wyoming ($39.2 million for NRP's 49%) to reduce outstanding amounts under Sisecam Wyoming’s bank credit facility and better position it to compete in the current environment. We cannot predict when or whether soda ash prices will recover to a level at which Sisecam Wyoming will resume distributions. Sisecam Chemicals USA Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Türkiye Şişe ve Cam Fabrikalari A.Ş, appoints four of the seven Board of Managers of Sisecam Wyoming and we appoint three. Any changes to the distribution policy or the capital expenditure plans approved by the Board of Managers could adversely affect the future cash flows to NRP and the financial condition and results of operations of Sisecam Wyoming. We own the transportation infrastructure at Foresight’s Williamson mine. Foresight leases those assets from us and manages the operating activities. As owner, we may incur increased costs for liabilities associated with those facilities. 30 Table of Contents Sisecam Wyoming's mineral reserve and resource data are estimates based on assumptions that may be inaccurate and are based on existing economic and operating conditions that may change in the future, which could materially and adversely affect the quantities and value of Sisecam Wyoming's reserves and resources. Sisecam Wyoming's mineral reserve and resource estimates may vary substantially from the actual amounts of minerals Sisecam Wyoming is able to recover economically from their reserves. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of reserves and resources, including many factors beyond Sisecam Wyoming's control. Estimates of reserves and resources necessarily depend upon a number of variables and assumptions, any one of which may, if incorrect, result in an estimate that varies considerably from actual results. These factors and assumptions relate to, among other aspects: • future prices of soda ash, mining and production costs, capital expenditures and transportation costs; • future mining technology and processes; • the effects of regulation by governmental agencies; and • geologic and mining conditions, which may not be identified by available exploration data and may differ from Sisecam Wyoming's experiences in areas where it currently mines. Please read Items 1 and 2. “Business and Properties—Trona Resources and Trona Reserves” for more information including pertinent additional assumptions regarding Sisecam Wyoming's reserve estimates in this Report. Actual production, revenue and expenditures with respect to Sisecam Wyoming's reserves will likely vary from their estimates, and these variations may be material. Fluctuations in transportation costs and the availability or reliability of transportation could reduce the production of coal, soda ash and other minerals from our properties. Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the total delivered cost for the customers of our lessees. Increases in transportation costs could make coal a less competitive source of energy or could make minerals produced by some or all of our lessees less competitive than coal produced from other sources. On the other hand, significant decreases in transportation costs could result in increased competition for our lessees from producers in other parts of the country. Our lessees depend upon railroads, barges, trucks and beltlines to deliver minerals to their customers. Disruption of those transportation services due to weather-related problems, mechanical difficulties, strikes, lockouts, bottlenecks and/or other events could temporarily impair the ability of our lessees to supply coal to their customers and/or increase their costs. Many of our lessees are currently experiencing transportation-related issues due in particular to decreased availability and reliability of rail services and port congestion. Our lessees’ transportation providers may face difficulties in the future that would impair the ability of our lessees to supply minerals to their customers, resulting in decreased royalty revenues to us. In addition, Sisecam Wyoming transports its soda ash by rail or truck and ocean vessel. As a result, its business and financial results are sensitive to increases in rail freight, trucking and ocean vessel rates. Increases in transportation costs, including increases resulting from emission control requirements, port taxes and fluctuations in the price of fuel, could make soda ash a less competitive product for glass manufacturers when compared to glass substitutes or recycled glass, or could make Sisecam Wyoming’s soda ash less competitive than soda ash produced by competitors that have other means of transportation or are located closer to their customers. Sisecam Wyoming may be unable to pass on its freight and other transportation costs in full because market prices for soda ash are generally determined by supply and demand forces. In addition, rail operations are subject to various risks that may result in a delay or lack of service at Sisecam Wyoming’s facility, and alternative methods of transportation are impracticable or cost prohibitive. For the year ended December 31, 2025, Sisecam Wyoming shipped over 90% of its soda ash from the Green River facility on a single rail line owned and controlled by Union Pacific. Any substantial interruption in or increased costs related to the transportation of Sisecam Wyoming’s soda ash or the failure to renew the rail contract on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our lessees could satisfy obligations to their customers with minerals from properties other than ours, depriving us of the ability to receive amounts in excess of minimum royalty payments. Mineral supply contracts generally do not require operators to satisfy their obligations to their customers with resources mined from specific locations. Several factors may influence a lessee’s decision to supply its customers with minerals mined from properties we do not own or lease, including the royalty rates under the lessee’s lease with us, mining conditions, mine operating costs, cost and availability of transportation, and customer specifications. In addition, lessees move on and off of our properties over the course of any given year in accordance with their mine plans. If a lessee satisfies its obligations to its customers with minerals from properties we do not own or lease, production on our properties will decrease, and we will receive lower royalty revenues. A lessee may incorrectly report royalty revenues, which might not be identified by our lessee audit process or our mine inspection process or, if identified, might be identified in a subsequent period. We depend on our lessees to correctly report production and royalty revenues on a monthly basis. Our regular lessee audits and mine inspections may not discover any irregularities in these reports or, if we do discover errors, we might not identify them in the reporting period in which they occurred. Any undiscovered reporting errors could result in a loss of royalty revenues and errors identified in subsequent periods could lead to accounting disputes as well as disputes with our lessees. 31 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Structure Unitholders may not be able to remove our general partner even if they wish to do so. Our managing general partner manages and operates NRP. Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business. Unitholders have no right to elect the general partner or the Board of Directors on an annual or any other basis. Furthermore, if unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they currently have little practical ability to remove our general partner or otherwise change its management. Our general partner may not be removed except upon the vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of our outstanding common units (including common units held by our general partner and its affiliates). Because of their substantial ownership in us, the removal of our general partner would be difficult without the consent of our general partner and its affiliates. In addition, the following provisions of our partnership agreement may discourage a person or group from attempting to remove our general partner or otherwise change our management: • generally, if a person acquires 20% or more of any class of units then outstanding other than from our general partner or its affiliates, the units owned by such person cannot be voted on any matter; and • our partnership agreement contains limitations upon the ability of unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other limitations upon the unitholders’ ability to influence the manner or direction of management. As a result of these provisions, the price at which the common units will trade may be lower because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. We may issue additional common units or other equity securities without common unitholder approval, which could dilute a unitholder ’ s existing ownership interests. Our general partner may cause us to issue an unlimited number of common units, without common unitholder approval (subject to applicable New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") rules). We may also issue at any time an unlimited number of equity securities ranking junior or senior to the common units without common unitholder approval (subject to applicable NYSE rules). The issuance of additional common units or other equity securities of equal or senior rank will have the following effects: • an existing unitholder’s proportionate ownership interest in NRP will decrease; • the amount of cash available for distribution on each unit may decrease; • the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit may be diminished; and • the market price of the common units may decline. Our general partner has a limited call right that may require unitholders to sell their units at an undesirable time or price. If at any time our general partner and its affiliates own 80% or more of the common units, the general partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the remaining common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price generally equal to the then current market price of the common units. As a result, unitholders may be required to sell their common units at a time when they may not desire to sell them or at a price that is less than the price they would like to receive. They may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their common units. Cost reimbursements due to our general partner may be substantial and will reduce our cash available for distribution to unitholders. Prior to making any distribution on the common units, we reimburse our general partner and its affiliates, including officers and directors of the general partner, for all expenses incurred on our behalf. The reimbursement of expenses and the payment of fees could adversely affect our ability to make distributions. The general partner has sole discretion to determine the amount of these expenses. In addition, our general partner and its affiliates may provide us services for which we will be charged reasonable fees as determined by the general partner. 32 Table of Contents Conflicts of interest could arise among our general partner and us or the unitholders. These conflicts may include the following: • we do not have any employees and we rely solely on employees of affiliates of the general partner; • under our partnership agreement, we reimburse the general partner for the costs of managing and for operating the partnership; • the amount of cash expenditures, borrowings and reserves in any quarter may affect cash available to pay quarterly distributions to unitholders; • the general partner tries to avoid being liable for partnership obligations. The general partner is permitted to protect its assets in this manner by our partnership agreement. Under our partnership agreement the general partner would not breach its fiduciary duty by avoiding liability for partnership obligations even if we can obtain more favorable terms without limiting the general partner’s liability; • under our partnership agreement, the general partner may pay its affiliates for any services rendered on terms fair and reasonable to us. The general partner may also enter into additional contracts with any of its affiliates on behalf of us. Agreements or contracts between us and our general partner (and its affiliates) are not necessarily the result of arm’s-length negotiations; and • the general partner would not breach our partnership agreement by exercising its call rights to purchase limited partnership interests or by assigning its call rights to one of its affiliates or to us. The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent. A change of control may result in defaults under certain of our debt instruments and the triggering of payment obligations under compensation arrangements. Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of our unitholders. Furthermore, there is no restriction in our partnership agreement on the ability of the  managing general partner from transferring its general partnership interest in our general partner to a third party. The new owner of our general partner would then be in a position to replace the Board of Directors and officers with its own choices and to control their decisions and actions. In addition, a change of control would constitute an event of default under our debt agreements. During the continuance of an event of default under our debt agreements, the administrative agent may terminate any outstanding commitments of the lenders to extend credit to us and/or declare all amounts payable by us immediately due and payable. A change of control also may trigger payment obligations under various compensation arrangements with our officers. Unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that unitholder actions constitute control of our business. Our general partner generally has unlimited liability for our obligations, such as our debts and environmental liabilities, except for those contractual obligations that are expressly made without recourse to our general partner. Under Delaware law, however, a unitholder could be held liable for our obligations to the same extent as a general partner if a court determined that the right of unitholders to remove our general partner or to take other action under our partnership agreement constituted participation in the "control" of our business. In addition, Section 17-607 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act provides that under some circumstances, a unitholder may be liable to us for the amount of a distribution for a period of three years from the date of the distribution. 33 Table of Contents Tax Risks to Our Unitholders Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes as well as our not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by individual states. If the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") were to treat us as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or we were to become subject to material additional amounts of entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, then our cash available for distribution to unitholders would be substantially reduced. The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Despite the fact that we are organized as a limited partnership under Delaware law, we would be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless we satisfy a "qualifying income" requirement. Based on our current operations and current Treasury Regulations, we believe we satisfy the qualifying income requirement. However, we have not requested, and do not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS on this or any other matter affecting us. Failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity. If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate and would likely be liable for state income tax at varying rates. Distributions to our unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our unitholders. Because tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our units. At the state level, several states have been evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise and other forms of taxation. We currently own assets and conduct business in several states, many of which impose a margin or franchise tax. In the future, we may expand our operations. Imposition of a similar tax on us in a jurisdiction in which we operate or in other jurisdictions to which we may expand could substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes or differing interpretations, possibly applied on a retroactive basis. The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our units, may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations at any time. Members of Congress have frequently proposed and considered substantive changes to the existing U.S. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate our ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment. Recent proposals have provided for the expansion of the qualifying income exception for publicly traded partnerships in certain circumstances and other proposals have provided for the total elimination of the qualifying income exception upon which we rely for our partnership tax treatment. In addition, the Treasury Department has issued, and in the future may issue, regulations interpreting those laws that affect publicly traded partnerships. There can be no assurance that there will not be further changes to U.S. federal income tax laws or the Treasury Department’s interpretation of the qualifying income rules in a manner that could impact our ability to qualify as a partnership in the future. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be retroactively applied and could make it more difficult or impossible for us to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We are unable to predict whether any changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. Any future legislative changes could negatively impact the value of an investment in our units. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on your investment in our units. Certain U.S. federal income tax preferences currently available with respect to coal exploration and development may be eliminated as a result of future legislation. Changes to U.S. federal income tax laws have been proposed in a prior session of Congress that would eliminate certain key U.S. federal income tax preferences relating to coal exploration and development. These changes include, but are not limited to (i) repealing capital gains treatment of coal and lignite royalties, (ii) eliminating current deductions and 60-month amortization for exploration and development costs relating to coal and other hard mineral fossil fuels, and (iii) repealing the percentage depletion allowance with respect to coal properties. If enacted, these changes would limit or eliminate certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to coal exploration and development, and any such change could increase the taxable income allocable to our unitholders and negatively impact the value of an investment in our units. Our unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of our taxable income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. Our unitholders' share of our portfolio income may be taxable to them even though they receive other losses from our activities. Because our unitholders are treated as partners to whom we allocate taxable income that could be different in amount than the cash we distribute, our unitholders are required to pay any U.S. federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on their share of our taxable income even if they receive no cash distributions from us. Our unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax due from them with respect to that income. For our unitholders subject to the passive loss rules, our current operations include portfolio activities (such as our coal and mineral royalty businesses) and passive activities (such as our soda ash business). Any passive losses we generate will only be available to offset our passive income generated in the future and will not be available to offset (i) our portfolio income, including income related to our coal and mineral royalty businesses, (ii) a unitholder’s income from other passive activities or investments, including investments in other publicly traded partnerships, or (iii) a unitholder’s salary or active business income. Thus, our unitholders' share of our portfolio income may be subject to U.S. federal income tax, and, in some cases, state and local income taxes, regardless of other losses they may receive from us. 34 Table of Contents We may engage in transactions to reduce our indebtedness and manage our liquidity that generate taxable income (including income and gain from the sale of properties and cancellation of indebtedness income) allocable to our unitholders, and income tax liabilities arising therefrom may exceed any distributions made with respect to their units. We may engage in transactions to reduce our leverage and manage our liquidity that would result in income and gain to our unitholders without a corresponding cash distribution. For example, we may sell assets and use the proceeds to repay existing debt, in which case, our unitholders could be allocated taxable income and gain resulting from the sale without receiving a cash distribution. Further, we may pursue opportunities to reduce our existing debt, such as debt exchanges, debt repurchases, or modifications of our existing debt that would result in “cancellation of indebtedness income” (also referred to as “COD income”) being allocated to our unitholders as ordinary taxable income. Our unitholders may be allocated income and gain from these transactions, and income tax liabilities arising therefrom may exceed any distributions we make to our unitholders. The ultimate tax effect of any such income allocations will depend on the unitholder's individual tax position, including, for example, the availability of any suspended passive losses that may offset some portion of the allocable income. Our unitholders may, however, be allocated substantial amounts of ordinary income subject to taxation, without any ability to offset such allocated income against any capital losses attributable to the unitholder’s ultimate disposition of its units. Our unitholders are encouraged to consult their tax advisors with respect to the consequences to them. If the IRS contests the U.S. federal income tax positions we take, the market for our units may be adversely impacted and the cost of any IRS contest will reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We have not requested a ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or any other matter affecting us. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest by the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our units and the price at which they trade. In addition, our costs of any contest by the IRS will be borne indirectly by our unitholders and our general partner because the costs will reduce our cash available for distribution. If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments directly from us, in which case our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments directly from us. To the extent possible, our general partner may elect to either pay the taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly to the IRS or, if we are eligible, issue a revised information statement to each unitholder and former unitholder with respect to an audited and adjusted return. Although our general partner may elect to have our unitholders and former unitholders take such audit adjustments into account and pay any resulting taxes (including applicable penalties or interest) in accordance with their interests in us during the tax year under audit, there can be no assurance that such election will be practical, permissible or effective in all circumstances. As a result, our current unitholders may bear some or all of the tax liability resulting from such audit adjustment, even if such unitholders did not own units in us during the tax year under audit. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, we are required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected. If our unitholders sell their common units, they will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and their tax basis in those common units. Distributions in excess of a common unitholder's allocable share of our net taxable income result in a decrease in the tax basis in such unitholder's common units. Accordingly, the amount, if any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the common units sold will, in effect, become taxable income to our common unitholders if they sell such common units at a price greater than their tax basis in those common units, even if the price they receive is less than their original cost. In addition, because the amount realized includes a unitholder’s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, if our unitholders sell their common units, they may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash they receive from the sale. A substantial portion of the amount realized from a unitholder’s sale of our units, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income due to potential recapture items, including depletion and depreciation recapture. Thus, a unitholder may recognize both ordinary income and capital loss from the sale of units if the amount realized on a sale of such units is less than such unitholder’s adjusted basis in the units. Net capital loss may only offset capital gains and, in the case of individuals, up to $3,000 of ordinary income per year. In the taxable period in which a unitholder sells its units, such unitholder may recognize ordinary income from our allocations of income and gain to such unitholder prior to the sale and from recapture items that generally cannot be offset by any capital loss recognized upon the sale of units. Our unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. In general, we are entitled to a deduction for interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to our trade or business during our taxable year. However, our deduction for “business interest” is limited to the sum of our business interest income and 30% of our “adjusted taxable income.” For the purposes of this limitation, our adjusted taxable income is computed without regard to any business interest expense or business interest income. If our “business interest” is subject to limitation under these rules, our unitholders will be limited in their ability to deduct their share of any interest expense that has been allocated to them. As a result, unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. 35 Table of Contents Tax-exempt entities face unique tax issues from owning our units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. Investment in our units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs) raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations that are exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Additionally, all or part of any gain recognized by such tax-exempt organization upon a sale or other disposition of our units may be unrelated business taxable income and may be taxable to them. Tax-exempt entities should consult a tax advisor before investing in our units. Non-U.S. unitholders will be subject to U.S. federal income taxes and withholding from their distributions and sale proceeds with respect to their income and gain from owning our units. Non-U.S. unitholders are generally taxed and subject to income tax filing requirements by the United States on income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Income allocated to our unitholders and any gain from the sale of our units will generally be considered to be “effectively connected” with a U.S. trade or business. As a result, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will be subject to withholding at the highest applicable effective tax rate and a non-U.S. unitholder who sells or otherwise disposes of a unit will also be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain realized from the sale or disposition of that unit. In addition to the withholding tax imposed on distributions of effectively connected income, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will also be subject to a 10% withholding tax on the amount of any distribution in excess of our cumulative net income. As we do not compute our cumulative net income for such purposes due to the complexity of the calculation and lack of clarity in how it would apply to us, we intend to treat all of our distributions as being in excess of our cumulative net income for such purposes and subject to such 10% withholding tax. Accordingly, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will be subject to a combined withholding tax rate equal to the sum of the highest applicable effective tax rate and 10%. Moreover, the transferee of an interest in a partnership that is engaged in a U.S. trade or business is generally required to withhold 10% of the “amount realized” by the transferor unless the transferor certifies that it is not a foreign person. While the determination of a partner’s “amount realized” generally includes any decrease of a partner’s share of the partnership’s liabilities, the Treasury regulations provide that the “amount realized” on a transfer of an interest in a publicly traded partnership, such as our common units, will generally be the amount of gross proceeds paid to the broker effecting the applicable transfer on behalf of the transferor, and thus will be determined without regard to any decrease in that partner’s share of a publicly traded partnership’s liabilities. For a transfer of interests in a publicly traded partnership that is effected through a broker, the obligation to withhold is imposed on the transferor’s broker. Current and prospective non-U.S. unitholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the impact of these rules on an investment in our common units. We will treat each purchaser of our common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual common units purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units. Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of our common units and for other reasons, we have adopted depreciation and amortization positions that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from the sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders' tax returns. We have adopted certain valuation methodologies in determining a unitholder' s allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. The IRS may challenge these methodologies or the resulting allocations, and such a challenge could adversely affect the value of our common units. In determining the items of income, gain, loss and deduction allocable to our unitholders, including when we issue additional units, we must determine the fair market value of our assets. Although we may from time to time consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, we make many fair market value estimates using a methodology based on the market value of our common units as a means to measure the fair market value of our assets. The IRS may challenge these valuation methods and the resulting allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the timing or amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain recognized from the sale of our common units, have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders’ tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month (the "Allocation Date"), instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. Similarly, we generally allocate (i) certain deductions for depreciation of capital additions, (ii) gain or loss realized on a sale or other disposition of our assets, and (iii) in the discretion of the general partner, any other extraordinary item of income, gain, loss or deduction based upon ownership on the Allocation Date. Treasury Regulations allow a similar monthly simplifying convention, but such regulations do not specifically authorize all aspects of the proration method we have adopted. If the IRS were to challenge our proration method, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. 36 Table of Contents A unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan (e.g., a loan to a "short seller" to cover a short sale of units) may be considered as having disposed of those units. If so, such unitholder would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. Because there are no specific rules governing the U.S. federal income tax consequence of loaning a partnership interest, a unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan may be considered as having disposed of the loaned units. In that case, the unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan to the short seller and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those units may not be reportable by the unitholder and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Our unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a loan of their units are urged to consult a tax advisor to determine whether it is advisable to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their units. As a result of investing in our units, our unitholders are likely subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements in jurisdictions where we operate or own or acquire property. In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, our unitholders are likely subject to other taxes, including state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business or own property now or in the future, even if our unitholders do not live in any of those jurisdictions. Our unitholders are likely required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Further, our unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. We own property and conduct business in a number of states in the United States. Most of these states impose a personal income tax on individuals, corporations and other entities. As we make acquisitions or expand our business, we may own assets or conduct business in additional states that impose a personal income tax. It is the unitholder's responsibility to file all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns and pay any taxes due in these jurisdictions. Unitholders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the filing of such tax returns, the payment of such taxes, and the deductibility of any taxes paid. General

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Components of Compensation.” Although we reimburse Quintana and Western Pocahontas, as applicable, for the applicable portion of our executive officers’ compensation, the CNG Committee is responsible for administering our executive officer compensation programs. To help retain and motivate executives, the CNG Committee aims to offer competitive compensation packages through a mix of cash and long-term, equity-based incentives. The CNG Committee does not have any formal policies for allocating total compensation among the various components. Instead, the CNG Committee uses its judgment, in consultation with the independent compensation consultant, to establish an appropriate balance of short-term and long-term compensation for such executive officers for their services to us. The balance may change from year to year based on the amount of time an executive spends in service to us, our corporate strategy, financial performance and non-financial objectives, among other considerations. Summary of Compensation Practices We strive to maintain judicious governance standards and compensation practices by regularly reviewing best practices. The CNG Committee incorporated many best practices when forming our 2025 compensation program, including the following: What We Do ✔ Align our executive compensation with long-term performance ✔ Align executives’ interests with those of unitholders ✔ Engage an independent compensation consultant, Meridian Compensation Consultants ("Meridian"), to assess our practices ✔ Maintain trading policies that restrict all employees and directors from pledging or short selling our securities, entering into any derivative transactions with respect to our securities, or otherwise hedging the risk and rewards of our securities ✔ Review the independence of any compensation consultant that is engaged to assist in our compensation analysis ✔ Provide limited perquisites What We Don ’ t Do ✘ Automatically increase salaries each year or make lock-step changes in compensation based on peer group compensation levels or metrics ✘ Pay guaranteed or multi-year cash bonuses ✘ Provide significant perquisites ✘ Provide tax gross-ups 89 Table of Contents The 2025 compensation for executive officers consisted of four primary components: • base salaries; • short-term cash incentive compensation; • long-term equity incentive compensation; and • perquisites and other benefits. Mr. Robertson does not receive a salary in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Robertson is compensated through short-term cash and long-term equity incentive awards, all of which is allocated to NRP. To the extent other executive officers spend time on non-NRP matters, NRP bears only the proportionate cost of their base salaries, short-term cash incentive compensation and perquisites and other benefits. In February of each year, the CNG Committee approves the short-term cash incentive awards for the year just ended and long-term incentive awards for the executive officers. The CNG Committee considers the performance of the partnership, the performance of the individuals and the outlook for the future in determining the amounts of the awards. Each February, the CNG Committee also makes awards of equity-based awards to be settled in common units under the Natural Resource Partners 2017 Plan to NRP’s officers in order to incentivize management and align the long-term interests of management and NRP unitholders. Role of the CNG Committee The CNG Committee oversees our executive compensation and employee benefit programs, and reviews and approves all compensation decisions relating to our executive officers and directors. The CNG Committee also approves its report for inclusion in this Annual Report and has reviewed and discussed this Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Specifically, the CNG Committee reviews and approves the compensation for our executive officers. It reviews and approves the annual and long-term incentive plans in which our executive officers participate, and it also reviews and approves compensation programs for the members of the Board of Directors, as described further below. Role of Independent Compensation Consultant and Market Data The CNG Committee engaged Meridian to review our compensation practices for executive officers and directors relative to our peers. Meridian provides no services to management or the CNG Committee that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the CNG Committee, and the CNG Committee makes all decisions regarding the compensation of our executive officers and directors. Meridian reports directly to the CNG Committee, and all work conducted by Meridian for us is on behalf of the CNG Committee. The CNG Committee has determined that no conflicts of interest exist as a result of the engagement of Meridian. The CNG Committee, with input from Meridian, selected our peer group (the “Peer Group”) after reviewing annual revenue, market capitalization, total enterprise value and total assets of relevant public companies to determine which companies were representative of the marketplace for talent within which we compete. The CNG Committee will review the Peer Group annually to ensure continued appropriateness for comparative purposes. The CNG Committee determined that the companies below reflect an appropriate Peer Group for 2025: Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP SunCoke Energy, Inc. Amplify Energy Corp. NACCO Industries, Inc. Talos Energy Inc. Berry Corporation Powell Industries, Inc. Vitesse Energy, Inc. Black Stone Minerals, L.P. Ramaco Resources, Inc. W&T Offshore, Inc. Centrus Energy Corp. Ring Energy, Inc. Warrior Met Coal, Inc. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation Sitio Royalties Corp. Meridian provides the CNG Committee with Peer Group data for comparison purposes, such as to compare equity and pay mix practices. Market pay levels are one of multiple factors considered by the CNG Committee in setting applicable compensation amounts and determining the appropriate design of incentive compensation programs. Role of Our Executive Officers in the Compensation Process With respect to 2025 salaries and short-term cash incentive awards and long-term equity incentive awards, Mr. Nunez, our President and Chief Operating Officer, provided Mr. Robertson with recommendations relating to the executive officers other than himself. Mr. Robertson considered those recommendations and provided the CNG Committee with recommendations for all of the executive officers other than himself. Messrs. Robertson and Nunez considered the factors described elsewhere in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis in recommending, in their discretion, the appropriate amounts of compensation for each executive officer (other than for themselves). Messrs. Robertson and Nunez attended the CNG Committee meetings, other than executive sessions called by the CNG Committee, at which the CNG Committee deliberated and approved the salaries, short-term cash incentive awards and long-term equity incentive awards for 2025. Messrs. Robertson and Nunez were excused from the meetings when the CNG Committee discussed their compensation. 90 Table of Contents Components of Compensation Base Salaries With the exception of Mr. Robertson, who does not receive a salary for his services as Chief Executive Officer, our executive officers are paid an annual base salary by Quintana or Western Pocahontas for services rendered to us by the executive officers during the fiscal year. We then reimburse Quintana and Western Pocahontas based on the time allocated to our business by each executive officer. The base salaries of our executive officers are reviewed on an annual basis as well as at the time of a promotion or other material change in responsibilities. The CNG Committee reviews and approves the full salaries paid to each executive officer by Quintana and Western Pocahontas, based on both the actual time allocations to NRP in the prior year and the anticipated time allocations in the coming year. In determining salaries for NRP's executive officers for 2025, the CNG Committee considered several factors including the executive’s position and level of responsibility within our organization, comparative market data and other external market-based factors. The CNG Committee also considered the individual performance, our partnership’s overall performance during the fiscal year and the individual’s contribution to our overall performance of each member of the executive management team during 2024. Salaries for 2025 are shown in the Summary Compensation Table below. Short-Term Cash Incentive Compensation Short-term cash incentive awards are determined based on the Partnership meeting and exceeding certain annual financial, strategic objectives and safety goals. Short-term cash incentive awards are used to motivate and reward our executive officers. Each executive officer received a short-term cash incentive award approved in February 2026 by the CNG Committee. The amounts awarded with respect to 2025 under this program are disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table under the Bonus column. With respect to 2025, the CNG Committee, using recommendations from Meridian, determined that cash bonuses would be paid based on a percentage of base salary, with our Chief Executive Officer (who is not paid a base salary) receiving a bonus target of approximately 2.3 times the salary of our President and Chief Operating Officer. For 2025, the CNG Committee used free cash flow, strategic objectives and safety as performance measures in determining the amount of bonuses paid under the plan, representing 75%, 20% and 5% of the total award, respectively. Based on the level of achievement of the performance measures, the CNG Committee used its discretion to set the amount of bonus payments as a percentage of target. The following table shows the performance measures used in the 2025 short-term cash incentive compensation for our executive officers, together with the percentage of the total annual cash incentive grant that such component comprises. Each of the components for the executive officers is described in greater detail below: Performance Measure 2025 Portion of Total Target Award Free Cash Flow 75% Strategic Objectives 20% Safety 5% We believe that these performance measures align our short-term incentive compensation with both unitholder and employee interests by targeting specific performance goals set forth in the first quarter of each year. By identifying meaningful performance measures, and by assigning greater weight to certain measures, we are able to more closely align compensation to the achievement of those business objectives over which particular employees have the greatest impact. If the target level of performance is achieved with respect to a particular performance measure, the applicable payout percentage for that performance measure will equal 100%. Achievement at the threshold performance level results in a payout percentage for that performance measure that will equal 50%. If the maximum level of performance is achieved with respect to a particular performance measure the payout percentage for that measure will equal 200% of target performance, with the exception of safety which is capped at 100%. We interpolate payouts under the annual cash incentive awards for performance levels that fall between the threshold, target and maximum performance levels. There is no payout for performance that does not meet the threshold level criteria and there is no payout in excess of the maximum performance level. Free Cash Flow “Free Cash Flow” is calculated as cash flow from operating activities plus return on long-term contract receivable less cash flow used in investing activities, excluding proceeds from asset sales. Further, the CNG Committee determined that Free Cash Flow would be adjusted to exclude free cash flow received from Sisecam Wyoming. The CNG Committee utilized the budget approved by the Board during the annual review process and set the “target” level for this performance measure at 100% of budget. The threshold payout value was set at 80% of the Free Cash Flow budget and the maximum payout value was set at 120% of the budget. We consider this performance measure to be difficult to attain and appropriately reflective of our position in the inherently volatile commodities market. The following table shows the threshold, target and maximum levels for the 2025 short-term cash incentive compensation plan: Performance Measure Threshold Target Maximum Free Cash Flow $132,165,600 $165,207,000 $198,248,400 91 Table of Contents Strategic Objectives Strategic Objectives are approved by the Board of Directors each year and reflect the broad strategic objectives of the Partnership, which may change year to year. The measure of performance of these strategic objectives is evaluated annually by the CNG Committee and the threshold, target and maximum payouts are at the discretion of the CNG Committee. Safety Safety is an important emphasis for the Partnership and, the Board of Directors believes, each of the Partnership's stakeholders. Strong safety performance leads to improved employee performance and lower costs associated with regulatory citations, insurance and litigation matters, which in turn lead to improved operating performance. Because of these factors, the CNG Committee uses Reportable Injuries and Lost Time Incidents as a component of the annual incentive compensation plan. Due to the non-operating nature of our business, the “Reportable Injuries and Lost Time Incidents” are set at a target of zero, with threshold or maximum measure. Additionally, the CNG Committee considers the Partnership's completion rate for annual safety trainings with a 100% employee completion rate. 2025 Payout Under the Short-term Cash Incentive Compensation Plan In early 2026, the CNG Committee evaluated the levels of achievement of the various performance measures for 2025 and made the following determinations: Performance Measure Actual Performance Applicable Payout Percentage Relative Weighting Weighted Payout Percentage Free Cash Flow $161,064,000 94% 75% 70% Strategic Objectives Board Satisfaction 100% 20% 20% Safety 100% 100% 5% 5% Based on the actual performance as set forth above, the cumulative amounts listed below were earned under the 2025 short-term cash incentive compensation for the Partnership's 2025 performance. Name Target as a % of Base Salary Actual payout as a % of Base Salary Dollar Amount of Actual payout ($) (1) Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. (2) 2.3x 2.3x 1,278,255 Craig Nunez 100% 95% 555,750 Christopher J. Zolas 80% 76% 329,840 Philip Warman 80% 76% 314,640 Kevin Craig (3) 80% 76% 296,081 (1) Actual payout based on % of base salary at December 31, 2025. (2) As Mr. Robertson does not receive a salary, his annual cash incentive is calculated as a multiple of the President and Chief Operating Officer’s actual payout. (3) Mr. Craig allocated approximately 97% of his time to NRP during the year ended December 31, 2025, and the amount of short-term cash incentive compensation reflects this allocation. The following table shows the target opportunities available to the named executive officers as a percentage of base salary and the actual payouts as a percentage of their base salaries for each of the last three years: ​ ​ 2023 2024 2025 Name Target as % of Base Salary Actual Payout as % of Target Target as % of Base Salary Actual Payout as % of Target Target as % of Base Salary Actual Payout as % of Target Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. (1) 2.3x 185% 2.3x 144% 2.3x 95% Craig Nunez 100% 185% 100% 144% 100% 95% Christopher J. Zolas 80% 185% 80% 144% 80% 95% Philip Warman 76% 185% 76% 144% 80% 95% Kevin Craig 80% 185% 80% 144% 80% 95% (1) As Mr. Robertson does not receive a salary, his annual cash incentive is calculated as a multiple of the President and Chief Operating Officer’s base salary. 92 Table of Contents Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation We have adopted the 2017 Plan pursuant to which we may grant equity-based compensation to our executive officers and other officers. Our CNG Committee believes that awards under the 2017 Plan promote the alignment of the interests of management with those of our unitholders and promote creation of value for our unitholders. In 2023, the CNG Committee determined it was appropriate to introduce additional performance measures in connection with long-term compensation to better align executive compensation with the Partnership's performance. We refer to these awards issued in 2025 as “2017 Plan Phantom Units.” The 2025 awards were made in the form of phantom units that will settle (following vesting) in NRP common units on a one-for-one basis and will accrue tandem distribution equivalent rights (“DERs”) to be paid in cash upon settlement. 2025 Annual Grants The award granted in February 2025 (“2025 Award”) provided a form of performance-based long-term incentive compensation. This award included a mix of time-based and performance-based phantom units awarded at target; 35% will time-vest ratably over a three-year period and 65% will cliff vest with the actual number of units issued vesting for each phantom unit to be determined by the performance score. The performance score shall be the relative total unit holder return (“TUR”) performance score plus the financial performance score, both weighted at 50%. The 2017 Plan Phantom Units are subject to forfeiture and will vest on an accelerated basis following death or disability of the award recipient, following a change in control of NRP, or termination without cause or for good reason. The grant date fair value of the 2017 Plan Phantom Units awarded in 2025 is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table under the Stock Awards column. In determining the award amounts the CNG Committee used a percent target of base salary. The following table sets forth the long-term equity award targets and number of units granted to each named executive officer in 2025: 2025 Award Named Executive Officer Target as % of Base Salary Time-Based Performance-Based Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. (1) 1.84x 7,515 13,957 Craig W. Nunez 224% 4,085 7,586 Christopher J. Zolas 153% 1,977 3,672 Philip T. Warman 85% 1,098 2,040 Kevin J. Craig 90% 1,131 2,101 (1) As Mr. Robertson does not receive a salary, his annual cash incentive is calculated as a multiple of the President and Chief Operating Officer’s base salary. Relative Total Unitholder Return For the relative TUR measure, the performance-based units will be eligible to vest based on the Partnership's TUR relative to the Partnership's performance peer group over the three-year performance period. The TUR calculation will be based on a “point-to-point” approach using the 20 calendar-day volume-weighted average of the closing price per share of the Partnership or a member of the peer group, as applicable, at the beginning and end of the performance period. In the event that our TUR is negative, the payout will be capped at target, regardless of peer group performance. In the instance of a merger, acquisition or delisting of a peer company during the performance period, the company would be removed from the peer group. The peer group for the 2025 LTIP awards consists of the companies being utilized for our performance peer group at the time of the grant and are listed below: Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. Peabody Energy Corporation Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. Ramaco Resources, Inc. Corsa Coal Corp. SunCoke Energy, Inc. Core Natural Resources, Inc. Warrior Met Coal, Inc. If the target level of performance is achieved, the payout percentage will equal 100%. Achievement at the threshold performance level will result in a payout at 50% of target performance and achievement at the maximum performance level will result in a payout at 200% of target performance. We interpolate payouts for performance levels that fall between the stated performance levels. There is no payout for performance that does not meet the threshold level and there is no payout in excess of the maximum performance level. The following table shows the performance levels for the 2025 long-term performance-based equity awards: Performance Measure Threshold Target Maximum Relative Total Unitholder Return ​ 18th Percentile 45th Percentile ​ 91st Percentile 93 Table of Contents Financial Performance Score The financial performance score is calculated based on cumulative three-year free cash flow. “Free Cash Flow” is defined as cash from operating activities plus return on long-term contract receivable less cash flow used in investing activities, excluding proceeds from asset sales. Added back to the calculation of Free Cash Flow is additional cash paid for interest on debt used for early settlement of outstanding warrants and preferred units. Payouts will be determined based on the achievement of cumulative free cash flow relative to targets set by the CNG Committee. We consider this performance measure to be difficult to attain and appropriately reflective of our position in the inherently volatile commodities market. Payout of 2023 Performance-Based Awards The vesting of the performance-based awards is calculated annually based on pre-established, weighted goals. Our CNG Committee designs the targets for our future performance goals to be attainable but reasonably difficult to meet. The table below summarizes the target performance goals for 2023 performance-based awards as well as the threshold (50% of target) and the maximum (200% of target) goals compared to actual performance. Performance Measure Threshold (50% Payout) Target (100% Payout) Maximum (200% Payout) Actual Performance Relative Total Unitholder Return 18th Percentile 45th Percentile 91st Percentile 100th Percentile Free Cash Flow $688,000,000 $809,000,000 $930,000,000 $746,000,000 In February 2026, the CNG Committee evaluated and certified our achievement against the above-described performance measures and determined the payout factor was 137% based on actual performance. Our CNG Committee determined our executive officers earned the following payouts with respect to the 2023 performance-based awards at 137% of target. Named Executive Officer Units at Target Units Earned Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. 29,466 40,368 Craig W. Nunez 16,014 21,939 Christopher J. Zolas 7,751 10,619 Philip T. Warman 4,292 5,880 Kevin J. Craig 4,420 6,055 Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits Both Quintana and Western Pocahontas maintain employee benefit plans that provide our executive officers and other employees with the opportunity to enroll in health, dental and life insurance plans. Each of these benefit plans requires the employee to pay a portion of the health and dental premiums, with the company paying the remainder. These benefits are offered on the same basis to all employees of Quintana and Western Pocahontas, and the company costs are reimbursed by us to the extent the employee allocates time to our business. In 2025, Quintana and Western Pocahontas maintained tax-qualified 401(k) plans. During 2025, Quintana and Western Pocahontas matched 100% of the first 6.0% of the employee contributions under their respective 401(k) plans. As with the other contributions, any amounts contributed by Quintana and Western Pocahontas are reimbursed by us based on the time allocated by the employee to our business. None of NRP, Quintana or Western Pocahontas maintains a pension plan or a defined benefit retirement plan. Other Compensation Policies and Practices Unit Ownership Requirements NRP maintains Unit Ownership and Retention Guidelines (the “ownership guidelines”) that are administered by the CNG Committee and require NRP’s officers who are required to file ownership reports under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and certain other officers as designated from time-to-time by the Board of Directors or the CNG Committee to retain all common units awarded under any NRP incentive plan (net of any units withheld or sold to cover tax liabilities) until certain ownership guidelines are met. The following table sets forth the ownership guidelines. There is no minimum time period required to achieve the unit ownership guidelines. Position Requirement Chief Executive Officer (1) N/A President and Chief Operating Officer 3 x Salary Chief Financial Officer 3 x Salary General Counsel 1.5 x Salary Executive Vice President 2 x Salary (1) Ownership guidelines due not currently apply to our Chief Executive Officer due to his substantial ownership in NRP. The ownership guidelines also require directors who are not officers to retain common units with a value equal to three times the amount of the annual cash retainer paid to directors. Directors are required to achieve the unit ownership guideline within five years. Until the unit ownership guideline is achieved, each director is encouraged to retain all common units awarded under any NRP incentive plan (net of any units sold to cover tax liabilities). Units that count towards the satisfaction of the officer and director guidelines include common units held directly by the executive officer or director, common units owned indirectly by the executive officer or director (e.g., by a spouse or other immediate family member residing in the same household or a trust for the benefit of the executive officer or director or his or her family), units granted under NRP’s long-term incentive plans (including phantom units representing the right to receive units) and units purchased in the open market (whether purchased before or after the effective date of the ownership guidelines). As of December 31, 2025, all executive officers and directors were in compliance with ownership guidelines. 94 Table of Contents Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy NRP maintains the Natural Resource Partners L.P. Incentive-Based Compensation Recoupment Policy, which is administered by the CNG Committee. The policy authorizes the Board of Directors or any committee thereof to recoup incentive compensation in the event of a restatement of financial statements due to material non-compliance with securities laws, fraud or misconduct. See policy at Exhibit 97.1 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Securities Trading Policy Our insider trading policy restricts employees and directors, as well as their designees, from purchasing or selling puts or calls to sell or buy our common units, engaging in short sales with respect to our common units, buying our securities on margin or pledging our securities to secure debt or engaging in any transactions that would be deemed to be a hedging transaction involving our securities. See policy as Exhibit 19.1 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Policies and Practices Related to Stock Options We do not currently grant, nor have we historically granted, stock options or similar awards as part of our equity compensation programs. If stock options or similar awards were to be granted in the future, NRP would not grant such options or similar awards in anticipation of the release of material nonpublic information that is likely to result in changes to the price of our common units. During fiscal year 2025, we did not time the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. Risk Assessment of Compensation Plans We believe that our compensation program does not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk taking. This is primarily due to the fact that our compensation programs and the compensation arrangements are designed to encourage our employees, including our executive officers, to focus on both short-term and long-term strategic goals, thereby creating an ownership culture and helping to align the interests of our employees and our unitholders. Accordingly, our compensation program is balanced between short-term and long-term incentives, as well as cash and equity-based forms of settlement. Overall, we believe that the balance within our compensation program results in an appropriate compensation structure and that the program does not pose risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial performance. Report of the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee The CNG Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to in the foregoing sentence, the CNG Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Leo A. Vecellio, Jr., Chairman Paul B. Murphy Richard A. Navarre Stephen P. Smith 95 Table of Contents Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the amounts reimbursed to affiliates of our general partner for compensation for 2023, 2024 and 2025: Name and Principal Position (1) Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Corbin J. Robertson, Jr.—Chief Executive Officer 2025 — 1,278,225 2,227,720 — 3,505,945 2024 — 1,844,693 2,142,425 — 3,987,118 2023 — 2,369,918 5,638,047 — 8,007,965 Craig W. Nunez—President and Chief Operating Officer 2025 563,979 555,750 1,210,763 21,000 2,351,492 2024 556,973 802,040 1,164,316 20,700 2,544,029 2023 556,973 1,030,400 3,064,159 19,800 4,671,332 Christopher J. Zolas—Chief Financial Officer 2025 404,561 329,840 586,084 21,000 1,341,485 2024 394,748 454,749 563,701 20,700 1,433,898 2023 394,748 584,226 1,369,645 19,800 2,368,419 Philip T. Warman—General Counsel and Secretary 2025 399,561 314,640 325,568 21,000 1,060,769 2024 394,748 432,012 313,187 20,700 1,160,647 2023 394,748 555,015 849,337 19,800 1,818,900 Kevin J. Craig—Executive Vice President (4) 2025 375,756 296,081 335,320 29,968 1,037,125 2024 360,897 415,753 322,439 28,670 1,127,759 2023 337,861 500,034 871,561 26,243 1,735,699 (1) In 2025, Messrs. Robertson, Nunez, Zolas, Warman and Craig spent approximately 50%, 100%, 100%, 100% and 97%, respectively, of their time on NRP matters. (2) Amounts represent the grant date fair value of the 2017 Plan Phantom Units determined in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 determined without regard to forfeitures. The grant date fair value of the performance-based awards is based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions as of the date of grant, which was target. If the maximum amount, rather than the probable amount, were reported in the table with respect to the performance-based awards, the values associated with the performance-based awards would be as follows: Mr. Robertson, $2,896,078; Mr. Nunez, $1,574,095; Mr. Zolas, $761,940; Mr. Warman, $423,300; and Mr. Craig, $435,958. For information regarding the assumptions used in calculating these amounts, see " Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16. Unit-Based Compensation " elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. (3) Includes portions of 401(k) matching allocated to Natural Resource Partners by Quintana and Western Pocahontas. (4) Mr. Craig allocated approximately 97% of his time to NRP during the year ended December 31, 2025 and amounts included under the “Salary,” “Bonus” and “All Other Compensation” columns reflect this allocation. Amounts included under “Stock Awards” are paid 100% by NRP. Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 The following table shows the 2017 Plan Phantom Units granted to named executive officers during 2025. Based on the grant, the awards in the table below will either vest ratably in 2026, 2027 and 2028 or cliff vest in 2028. Upon settlement, an equivalent number of common units will be issued to each named executive officer, subject to withholding. The 2017 Plan Phantom Units also accrue DERs from the grant date, which will be paid out in cash upon settlement following and subject to vesting. 2017 Plan Phantom Units Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) All other Unit Awards (2) Named Executive Officer Grant Date Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) Units (#) Grant Date Fair Value ($) Corbin J. Robertson, Jr 2/5/2025 6,978 13,957 27,914 1,448,039 2/5/2025 7,515 779,681 Craig W. Nunez 2/5/2025 3,793 7,586 15,171 787,048 2/5/2025 4,085 423,819 Christopher J. Zolas 2/5/2025 1,836 3,672 7,344 380,970 2/5/2025 1,977 205,114 Philip T. Warman 2/5/2025 1,020 2,040 4,080 211,650 2/5/2025 1,098 113,918 Kevin J. Craig 2/5/2025 1,050 2,101 4,202 217,979 2/5/2025 1,131 117,341 (1) The units represent performance-based awards and cliff vest in February 2028. The number of units that vest, if at all, will be between the threshold and maximum. (2) The units represent time-based awards and vest ratably in February 2026, 2027 and 2028. Employment Agreements None of our named executive officers have an employment agreement. 96 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2025 The table below shows the total number of outstanding 2017 phantom units under the 2017 Plan held by each named executive officer at December 31, 2025. The 2023 performance-based units that cliff vested in February 2026 are reported at actual level of performance (137%). The performance-based units that cliff vest in 2027 and 2028 are reported at target level (100%). Named Executive Officer Unvested 2017 Plan Phantom Units Market Value of Unvested 2017 Plan Phantom Units ($) (6) Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. (1) 109,926 11,476,274 Craig W. Nunez (2) 59,743 6,237,169 Christopher J. Zolas (3) 28,173 2,941,261 Philip T. Warman (4) 16,218 1,693,159 Kevin J. Craig (5) 16,682 1,741,601 (1) 40,247 units are time based and vest ratably in February 2026, 2027 and 2028, and 69,679 units are performance based and cliff vest in February 2026, 2027 and 2028. (2) 21,875 units are time based and vest ratably in February 2026, 2027 and 2028, and 37,868 units are performance based and cliff vest in February 2026, 2027 and 2028. (3) 9,842 units are time based and vest ratably in February 2026, 2027 and 2028, and 18,331 units are performance based and cliff vest in February 2026, 2027 and 2028. (4) 6,054 units are time based and vest ratably in February 2026, 2027 and 2028, and 10,164 units are performance based and cliff vest in February 2026, 2027 and 2028. (5) 6,215 units are time based and vest ratably in February 2026, 2027 and 2028, and 10,467 units are performance based and cliff vest in February 2026, 2027 and 2028. (6) Based on a unit price of $104.40, the closing price for the common units on December 31, 2025. Units Vested in 2025 The table below shows the value realized by each named executive officer as a result of the vesting in 2025 of their phantom unit awards granted under the 2017 Plan: Named Executive Officer Number of Common Units Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ($) (1) (2) Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. 58,050 6,619,630 Craig W. Nunez 31,549 3,597,637 Christopher J. Zolas 13,572 1,546,824 Philip T. Warman 6,355 720,319 Kevin J. Craig 9,095 1,037,319 (1) Based on a unit price of $102.72, the closing price for the common units on February 10, 2025. (2) Includes DERs accrued from the issue date to the settlement date. Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control Upon the occurrence of a change in control or termination without cause of NRP, our general partner, or GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, phantom units under the 2017 Plan held by each of our named executive officers would immediately vest and become payable and they are entitled to no other benefits because we do not have employment contracts. The table below indicates the estimated payments to each named executive officer following a change in control at December 31, 2025. 2017 Plan Equity Awards Named Executive Officer Unvested Phantom Units (1) Market Value ($) (2) Accumulated DERs ($) Total Potential Payments ($) Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. 99,024 10,338,106 1,072,311 11,410,417 Craig W. Nunez 53,819 5,618,704 582,783 6,201,487 Christopher J. Zolas 25,305 2,641,842 271,405 2,913,247 Philip T. Warman 14,630 1,527,372 158,976 1,686,348 Kevin J. Craig 15,047 1,570,907 163,436 1,734,343 (1) Amounts reflect the performance-based units at target level (100%). The 2023 performance-based units vested in February 2026. For more information regarding the 2023 performance-based units, see the Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2025 table and the “—Payout of 2023 Performance-Based Awards” discussion above. (2) Calculated based on a unit price of $104.40, the closing price for the common units on December 31, 2025. 97 Table of Contents Directors' Compensation for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 For more information regarding the Board of Directors and committees thereof, see “ Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Managing General Partner and Corporate Governance ” elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Director compensation during 2025 consisted of a $75,000 cash retainer, increased to $95,000 effective July 1, 2025, and an award of common units under the 2017 Plan. The phantom units awarded to Board of Directors members in 2025 vest after one year; however, the Board of Directors members had the option in advance of receipt of the award to elect to defer settlement of the award until after 90 days following such director’s retirement or earlier departure from the Board of Directors. In addition, members of Board of Directors committees received $8,000 (increased to $10,000 effective July 1, 2025), $7,500 and $5,000 for serving on the audit, CNG and conflicts committees, respectively, and the chairman of the audit, CNG and conflicts committees received an additional $20,000, $15,000 and $15,000, respectively, for acting as chairman. The table below shows the directors’ compensation for the year ended December 31, 2025: Name of Director Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) 2017 Plan Common Unit Awards ($) (1) Total Compensation ($) Richard A. Navarre (2) 123,000 111,635 234,635 Corbin J. Robertson, III 86,500 111,635 198,135 Stephen P. Smith (3) 123,000 111,635 234,635 Leo A. Vecellio, Jr. 114,000 111,635 225,635 Paul B. Murphy, Jr. (4) 91,188 111,635 202,823 Galdino J. Claro 100,500 111,635 212,135 (1) Amounts represent the grant date fair value of phantom unit awards determined in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 determined without regard to forfeitures. For information regarding the assumptions used in calculating these amounts, see " Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16. Unit-Based Compensation " elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All of the phantom units reported in this column were outstanding on December 31, 2025 and will vest on February 5, 2026. As of December 31, 2025, each of the current directors hold the following number of outstanding phantom unit awards: Mr. Navarre, 5,430; Mr. Robertson, 1,076; Mr. Smith, 19,158; Mr. Vecellio, 1,076; Mr. Murphy, 1,076 and Mr. Claro, 1,076. (2) Mr. Navarre elected to defer settlement of his common units awarded under the 2017 Plan in 2018 and 2019 until 90 days following his retirement or earlier departure from the Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2025, 5,430 phantom units previously awarded to Mr. Navarre were outstanding but only 1,076 were unvested. (3) Mr. Smith elected to defer settlement of his common units awarded under the 2017 Plan in 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 until 90 days following his retirement or earlier departure from the Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2025, 19,158 phantom units previously awarded to Mr. Smith were outstanding but only 1,076 were unvested. (4) Mr. Murphy joined the CNG Committee effective May 2025 and received prorated committee fees for the remainder of the year. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During the year ended December 31, 2025, Messrs. Vecellio, Murphy, Navarre and Smith served on the CNG Committee. None of Messrs. Vecellio, Murphy, Navarre and Smith has ever been an officer or employee of NRP or GP LLC. None of our executive officers serve as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has any executive officer serving as a member of our Board or CNG Committee. Pay Ratio Disclosure The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a rule requiring annual disclosure of the ratio of the median employee’s total annual compensation to the total annual compensation of the principle executive officer. The personnel providing services to us, including our executive officers, are employed by Quintana or Western Pocahontas. As of December 31, 2025, 51 such persons were providing services to us. We identified a new median service provider for 2025 by examining the 2025 total taxable compensation, as reflected in our payroll records as reported to the Internal Revenue Service on Form W-2, for all individuals who provided services to us as of December 31, 2025. We did not make any assumptions, adjustments or estimates with respect to total cash compensation or equity compensation and we did not annualize the compensation for any service providers that were not employed for all of 2025. After identifying the median service provider based on total compensation, we calculated annual 2025 compensation for the median service provider using the same methodology used to calculate the Chief Executive Officer’s total compensation as reflected in the Summary Compensation Table above. The median service provider’s annual 2025 compensation was as follows: Name Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Stock Awards ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Median Service Provider 2025 118,247 35,000 12,821 — 9,964 176,032 Our 2025 ratio of Chief Executive Officer total compensation of $3,505,945 to our median service provider's total compensation of $176,032 is reasonably estimated to be 20:1. 98 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following tables set forth, as of February 13, 2026, the amount and percentage of our common units beneficially held by (1) each person known to us to beneficially own 5% or more of any class of our units, (2) by each of our directors and named executive officers and (3) by all directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise noted, each of the named persons and members of the group has sole voting and investment power with respect to the units shown. Percentage of Common Common Name of Beneficial Owner Units Units (1) Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. (2) 2,647,644 20.0 % Quintana Management LLC (3) 1,883,986 14.2 % The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (4) 685,315 5.2 % Kevin J. Craig 46,683 * Craig W. Nunez 132,487 * Philip T. Warman 14,961 * Christopher J. Zolas 63,497 * Galdino J. Claro 22,368 * Paul B. Murphy, Jr. 20,061 * Richard A. Navarre (5) 19,254 * Corbin J. Robertson III (6) 256,910 1.9 % Stephen P. Smith (7) 4,881 * Leo A. Vecellio, Jr. 24,608 * Directors and Officers as a Group (8) 3,288,188 24.8 % * Less than one percent. (1) 13,250,412 common units issued and outstanding as of February 13, 2026. (2) Mr. Robertson, Jr. may be deemed to beneficially own 763,658 common units in his capacity as controlling owner of Quintana Holdings, LP, 1,727,986 common units in his capacity as controlling member of Quintana Management LLC, which is the sole member of Western Pocahontas GP LLC, which is the general partner of Western Pocahontas Properties Limited Partnership, 156,000 common units in his capacity as the controlling member of Quintana Management LLC, which is the sole member of Robertson Coal Management LLC, which is the sole member of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, which is the general partner of NRP (GP) LP. Mr. Robertson, Jr.’s address is 1415 Louisiana Street, Suite 2400, Houston, Texas 77002. (3) Quintana Management LLC has voting and dispositive power with respect to 1,727,986 common units in its capacity as sole member of Western Pocahontas GP LLC, which is the general partner of Western Pocahontas Properties Limited Partnership and 156,000 common units in its capacity as the sole member of Robertson Coal Management LLC, which is the sole member of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, which is the general partner of NRP (GP) LP. The business address of Quintana Management LLC is 1415 Louisiana Street, Suite 2400, Houston, Texas 77002. (4) According to a Schedule 13G/A filing with the SEC on November 7, 2024, The Goldman Sachs Group holds shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 685,315 common units in the Partnership. The business address of The Goldman Sachs Group is 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282. (5) Does not include 4,354 common units awarded pursuant to NRP’s long-term incentive plan that Mr. Navarre has elected to defer settlement of until 90 days following the date that he no longer serves on NRP’s Board of Directors. (6) Mr. Robertson III may be deemed to beneficially own 9,783 common units held by CIII Capital Management, LLC, 10,000 common units held by BHJ Investments L.P., 19,663 common units held by The Corbin James Robertson III 2009 Family Trust and 39 common units held by his spouse, Brooke Robertson. The address for CIII Capital Management, LLC, BHJ Investments L.P., and The Corbin James Robertson III 2009 Family Trust is 1415 Louisiana Street, Suite 2400, Houston, Texas 77002. The following common units are pledged as collateral for loans: 68,873 common units owned by Mr. Robertson III. (7) Does not include 18,082 common units awarded pursuant to NRP’s long-term incentive plan that Mr. Smith has elected to defer settlement of until 90 days following the date that he no longer serves on NRP’s Board of Directors. Mr. Smith may be deemed to beneficially own 3,805 common units owned by the SP Smith 2002 Revocable Trust. (8) NRP’s directors and executive officers as a group consists of 12 individuals. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table shows the securities authorized for issuance under our 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2025. The initial number of common units authorized for issuance pursuant to awards under the plan was 800,000 and in March 2022, an additional 800,000 units were authorized for issuance. Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders — — 715,353 (1 ) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders n/a n/a n/a Total — — 715,353 (1) As of December 31, 2025, 266,394 of the 2017 Plan phantom units were outstanding. Each 2017 Plan phantom unit represents the right to receive one common unit, together with associated distribution equivalent rights. 99 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Relationships with Entities Associated with Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. Western Pocahontas Properties Limited Partnership, New Gauley Coal Corporation, and Great Northern Properties Limited Partnership are three privately held companies that are primarily engaged in owning and managing mineral properties. We refer to these companies collectively as the "WPP Group". Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. controls the general partner of Western Pocahontas Properties, 85% of the general partner of Great Northern Properties Limited Partnership and is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of New Gauley Coal Corporation. Omnibus Agreement As part of the omnibus agreement entered into concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering (the "Omnibus Agreement"), the WPP Group and any entity controlled by Corbin J. Robertson, Jr., which we refer to in this section as the “GP affiliates,” each agreed that neither they nor their affiliates will, directly or indirectly, engage or invest in entities that engage in the following activities (each, a "restricted business") in the specific circumstances described below: • the entering into or holding of leases with a party other than an affiliate of the GP affiliate for any GP affiliate-owned fee coal within the United States; and • the entering into or holding of subleases with a party other than an affiliate of the GP affiliate for coal within the United States controlled by a paid-up lease owned by any GP affiliate or its affiliate. "Affiliate" means, with respect to any GP affiliate or, any other entity in which such GP affiliate owns, through one or more intermediaries, 50% or more of the then outstanding voting securities or other ownership interests of such entity. Except as described below, the WPP Group and its controlled affiliates will not be prohibited from engaging in activities in which they compete directly with us. A GP affiliate may, directly or indirectly, engage in a restricted business if: • the GP affiliate was engaged in the restricted business at the closing of the offering; provided that if the fair market value of the asset or group of related assets of the restricted business subsequently exceeds $10 million, the GP affiliate must offer the restricted business to us under the offer procedures described below. • the asset or group of related assets of the restricted business have a fair market value of $10 million or less; provided that if the fair market value of the assets of the restricted business subsequently exceeds $10 million, the GP affiliate must offer the restricted business to us under the offer procedures described below. • the asset or group of related assets of the restricted business have a fair market value of more than $10 million and the general partner (with the approval of the conflicts committee) has elected not to cause us to purchase these assets under the procedures described below. • its ownership in the restricted business consists solely of a non-controlling equity interest. For purposes of this paragraph, "fair market value" means the fair market value as determined in good faith by the relevant GP affiliate. The total fair market value in the good faith opinion of the WPP Group of all restricted businesses engaged in by the WPP Group, other than those engaged in by the WPP Group at closing of our initial public offering (and except as described below under "—Pocahontas Royalties LLC"), may not exceed $75 million. For purposes of this restriction, the fair market value of any entity engaging in a restricted business purchased by the WPP Group will be determined based on the fair market value of the entity as a whole, without regard for any lesser ownership interest to be acquired. If the WPP Group desires to acquire a restricted business or an entity that engages in a restricted business with a fair market value in excess of $10 million and the restricted business constitutes greater than 50% of the value of the business to be acquired, then the WPP Group must first offer us the opportunity to purchase the restricted business. If the WPP Group desires to acquire a restricted business or an entity that engages in a restricted business with a value in excess of $10 million and the restricted business constitutes 50% or less of the value of the business to be acquired, then the GP affiliate may purchase the restricted business first and then offer us the opportunity to purchase the restricted business within six months of acquisition. For purposes of this paragraph, "restricted business" excludes a general partner interest or managing member interest, which is addressed in a separate restriction summarized below. For purposes of this paragraph only, "fair market value" means the fair market value as determined in good faith by the relevant GP affiliate. If we want to purchase the restricted business and the GP affiliate and the general partner, with the approval of the conflicts committee, agree on the fair market value and other terms of the offer within 60 days after the general partner receives the offer from the GP affiliate, we will purchase the restricted business as soon as commercially practicable. If the GP affiliate and the general partner, with the approval of the conflicts committee, are unable to agree in good faith on the fair market value and other terms of the offer within 60 days after the general partner receives the offer, then the GP affiliate may sell the restricted business to a third party within two years for no less than the purchase price and on terms no less favorable to the GP affiliate than last offered by us. During this two-year period, the GP affiliate may operate the restricted business in competition with us, subject to the restriction on total fair market value of restricted businesses owned in the case of the WPP Group. 100 Table of Contents If, at the end of the two-year period, the restricted business has not been sold to a third party and the restricted business retains a value, in the good faith opinion of the relevant GP affiliate, in excess of $10 million, then the GP affiliate must reoffer the restricted business to the general partner. If the GP affiliate and the general partner, with the approval of the conflicts committee, agree on the fair market value and other terms of the offer within 60 days after the general partner receives the second offer from the GP affiliate, we will purchase the restricted business as soon as commercially practicable. If the GP Affiliate and the general partner, with the concurrence of the conflicts committee, again fail to agree after negotiation in good faith on the fair market value of the restricted business, then the GP affiliate will be under no further obligation to us with respect to the restricted business, subject to the restriction on total fair market value of restricted businesses owned. In addition, if during the two-year period described above, a change occurs in the restricted business that, in the good faith opinion of the GP affiliate, affects the fair market value of the restricted business by more than 10 percent and the fair market value of the restricted business remains, in the good faith opinion of the relevant GP affiliate, in excess of $10 million, the GP affiliate will be obligated to reoffer the restricted business to the general partner at the new fair market value, and the offer procedures described above will recommence. If the restricted business to be acquired is in the form of a general partner interest in a publicly held partnership or a managing member interest in a publicly held limited liability company, the WPP Group may not acquire such restricted business even if we decline to purchase the restricted business. If the restricted business to be acquired is in the form of a general partner interest in a non-publicly held partnership or a managing member of a non-publicly held limited liability company, the WPP Group may acquire such restricted business subject to the restriction on total fair market value of restricted businesses owned and the offer procedures described above. The Omnibus Agreement may be amended at any time by the general partner, with the concurrence of the conflicts committee. The respective obligations of the WPP Group under the Omnibus Agreement terminate when the WPP Group and its affiliates cease to participate in the control of the general partner. For more information, see the Omnibus Agreement attached as Exhibit 10.3 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Pocahontas Royalties LLC On February 28, 2020, Pocahontas Royalties LLC (“Pocahontas Royalties”) completed the acquisition of a private company that owns approximately one million acres of mineral rights and leases coal to coal mine operators in Central Appalachia. Pocahontas Royalties is controlled by Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. and members of his family. Reed Morian, one of the former directors of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, also serves on the Board of Managers of Pocahontas Royalties. In connection with the closing of the acquisition, we and Pocahontas Royalties entered into a limited waiver of the Omnibus Agreement pursuant to which we waived the provision of the Omnibus Agreement that restricts Mr. Robertson, Jr. and his affiliates (other than NRP) from owning, operating or investing in fee coal in the United States with an aggregate fair market value in excess of $75 million. Mr. Robertson had previously offered NRP the opportunity to participate in the acquisition and we determined, after due consideration, not to participate. In addition, on February 28, 2020, we and Pocahontas Royalties entered into a right of first offer agreement pursuant to which Pocahontas Royalties granted us the exclusive right of first offer to purchase any assets (or entities holding such assets) proposed to be sold at any time by Pocahontas Royalties or any of its subsidiaries with a fair market value exceeding $2 million (individually or in the aggregate), excluding surface acreage, assets or rights (other than surface rights that are appurtenant to or necessary for the development of mineral rights). Provided that Pocahontas Royalties has provided us the opportunity to make a first offer within the time periods specified in the agreement, Pocahontas Royalties will be under no obligation to accept any offer timely made by us and may determine, in its sole discretion, to consummate a transaction with a third party free and clear of any obligations to us. Office Building in Huntington, West Virginia We lease an office building in Huntington, West Virginia from Western Pocahontas Properties Limited Partnership. The initial 10-year term of the lease expired at the end of 2018. On January 1, 2019, we entered into a new lease on the building for a five-year base term, with five additional five-year renewal options. Effective January 1, 2024 we entered into the first five-year renewal term. We paid approximatel y $0.8 million to Western Pocahontas under the lease during the year ended December 31, 2025. 101 Table of Contents Conflicts of Interest Conflicts of interest exist and may arise in the future as a result of the relationships between our general partner and its affiliates (including the WPP Group and Pocahontas Royalties) on the one hand, and our partnership and our limited partners, on the other hand. The directors and officers of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC have duties to manage GP Natural Resource Partners LLC and our general partner in a manner beneficial to its owners. At the same time, our general partner has a duty to manage our Partnership in a manner beneficial to us and our unitholders. The Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, which we refer to as the "Delaware Act", provides that Delaware limited partnerships may, in their partnership agreements, expand, restrict or eliminate the fiduciary duties otherwise owed by a general partner to limited partners and the partnership. Pursuant to these provisions, our partnership agreement contains various provisions modifying the fiduciary duties that would otherwise be owed by our general partner with contractual standards governing the duties of the general partner and the methods of resolving conflicts of interest. Our partnership agreement also specifically defines the remedies available to limited partners for actions taken that, without these defined liability standards, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty under applicable Delaware law. Whenever a conflict arises between our general partner or its affiliates, on the one hand, and our partnership or any other partner, on the other, our general partner will resolve that conflict. Our general partner may, but is not required to, seek the approval of the conflicts committee of the Board of Directors of such resolution. The partnership agreement contains provisions that allow our general partner to take into account the interests of other parties in addition to our interests when resolving conflicts of interest. Our general partner will not be in breach of its obligations under the partnership agreement or its duties to us or our unitholders if the resolution of the conflict is considered to be fair and reasonable to us. Any resolution is considered to be fair and reasonable to us if that resolution is: • approved by the conflicts committee, although our general partner is not obligated to seek such approval and our general partner may adopt a resolution or course of action that has not received approval; • on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties; or • fair to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved, including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us. In resolving a conflict, our general partner, including its conflicts committee, may, unless the resolution is specifically provided for in the partnership agreement, consider: • the relative interests of any party to such conflict and the benefits and burdens relating to such interest; • any customary or accepted industry practices or historical dealings with a particular person or entity; • generally accepted accounting practices or principles; and • such additional factors it determines in its sole discretion to be relevant, reasonable or appropriate under the circumstances. Conflicts of interest could arise in the situations described below, among others. Actions taken by our general partner may affect the amount of cash available for distribution to unitholders. The amount of cash that is available for distribution to unitholders is affected by decisions of our general partner regarding such matters as: • amount and timing of asset purchases and sales; • cash expenditures; • borrowings; • the issuance of additional common units; and • the creation, reduction or increase of mineral rights in any quarter. In addition, borrowings by us and our affiliates do not constitute a breach of any duty owed by our general partner to the unitholders, including borrowings that have the purpose or effect of enabling our general partner to receive distributions. For example, in the event we have not generated sufficient cash from our operations to pay the quarterly distribution on our common units, our partnership agreement permits us to borrow funds which may enable us to make this distribution on all outstanding common units. The partnership agreement provides that we and our subsidiaries may borrow funds from our general partner and its affiliates. Our general partner and its affiliates may not borrow funds from us or our subsidiaries. We do not have any officers or employees. We rely on officers and employees of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC and its affiliates. We do not have any officers or employees and rely on officers and employees of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC and its affiliates. Affiliates of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC conduct businesses and activities of their own in which we have no economic interest. If these separate activities are significantly greater than our activities, there could be material competition for the time and effort of the officers and employees who provide services to our general partner. The officers of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC are not required to work full time on our affairs. Certain of these officers devote significant time to the affairs of the WPP Group or its affiliates and are compensated by these affiliates for the services rendered to them. 102 Table of Contents We reimburse our general partner and its affiliates for expenses. We reimburse our general partner and its affiliates for costs incurred in managing and operating us, including costs incurred in rendering corporate staff and support services to us. The partnership agreement provides that our general partner determines the expenses that are allocable to us in any reasonable manner determined by our general partner in its sole discretion. Our general partner intends to limit its liability regarding our obligations. Our general partner intends to limit its liability under contractual arrangements so that the other party has recourse only to our assets, and not against our general partner or its assets. The partnership agreement provides that any action taken by our general partner to limit its liability or our liability is not a breach of our general partner’s fiduciary duties, even if we could have obtained more favorable terms without the limitation on liability. Common unitholders have no right to enforce obligations of our general partner and its affiliates under agreements with us. Any agreements between us on the one hand, and our general partner and its affiliates, on the other, do not grant to the unitholders, separate and apart from us, the right to enforce the obligations of our general partner and its affiliates in our favor. Contracts between us, on the one hand, and our general partner and its affiliates, on the other, are not the result of arm ’ s-length negotiations. The partnership agreement allows our general partner to pay itself or its affiliates for any services rendered to us, provided these services are rendered on terms that are fair and reasonable. Our general partner may also enter into additional contractual arrangements with any of its affiliates on our behalf. Neither the partnership agreement nor any of the other agreements, contracts and arrangements between us, on the one hand, and our general partner and its affiliates, on the other, are the result of arm’s-length negotiations. All of these transactions entered into after our initial public offerings are on terms that are fair and reasonable to us. Our general partner and its affiliates have no obligation to permit us to use any facilities or assets of our general partner and its affiliates, except as may be provided in contracts entered into specifically dealing with that use. There is no obligation of our general partner or its affiliates to enter into any contracts of this kind. We may not choose to retain separate counsel for ourselves or for the holders of common units. The attorneys, independent auditors and others who have performed services for us in the past were retained by our general partner, its affiliates and us and have continued to be retained by our general partner, its affiliates and us. Attorneys, independent auditors and others who perform services for us are selected by our general partner or the conflicts committee and may also perform services for our general partner and its affiliates. We may retain separate counsel for ourselves or the holders of common units in the event of a conflict of interest arising between our general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us or the holders of common units, on the other, depending on the nature of the conflict. We do not intend to do so in most cases. Delaware case law has not definitively established the limits on the ability of a partnership agreement to restrict such fiduciary duties. Our general partner ’ s affiliates may compete with us. The partnership agreement provides that our general partner is restricted from engaging in any business activities other than those incidental to its ownership of interests in us. Except as provided in our partnership agreement and the Omnibus Agreement, affiliates of our general partner will not be prohibited from engaging in activities in which they compete directly with us. The Conflicts Committee Charter is available upon request. Director Independence For a discussion of the independence of the members of the Board of Directors of our managing general partner under applicable standards, see " Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Managing General Partner and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance—Independence of Directors ," which is incorporated by reference into this Item 13. Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons If a conflict or potential conflict of interest arises between our general partner and its affiliates (including the WPP Group and Pocahontas Royalties) on the one hand, and our partnership and our limited partners, on the other hand, the resolution of any such conflict or potential conflict is addressed as described under "—Conflicts of Interest." Pursuant to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, conflicts of interest are prohibited as a matter of policy, except under guidelines approved by the Board of Directors and as provided in the Omnibus Agreement and our partnership agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2025 there were no transactions where such guidelines were not followed. 103 Table of Contents ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC recommended, and we engaged Ernst & Young LLP to audit our accounts and assist with tax compliance for fiscal 2025 and 2024. All of our audit, audit-related fees and tax services have been approved by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Ernst & Young LLP: 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 998,000 $ 1,002,500 Tax Fees (2) 468,580 455,000 (1) Audit fees include fees associated with the annual integrated audit of our consolidated financial statements and internal controls over financial reporting, separate audits of subsidiaries and reviews of our quarterly financial statement for inclusion in our Form 10-Q and comfort letters; consents; work related to acquisitions; assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. (2) Tax fees include fees principally incurred for assistance with tax planning, compliance, tax return preparation and filing of Schedules K-1. Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy I. Statement of Principles Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Act"), the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor. As part of this responsibility, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that they do not impair the auditor’s independence from the Partnership. To implement these provisions of the Act, the SEC has issued rules specifying the types of services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client, as well as the audit committee’s administration of the engagement of the independent auditor. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has adopted, and the Board of Directors has ratified, this Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy (the "Policy"), which sets forth the procedures and the conditions pursuant to which services proposed to be performed by the independent auditor may be pre-approved. The SEC’s rules establish two different approaches to pre-approving services, which the SEC considers to be equally valid. Proposed services may either be pre-approved without consideration of specific case-by-case services by the Audit Committee ("general pre-approval") or require the specific pre-approval of the Audit Committee ("specific pre-approval"). The Audit Committee believes that the combination of these two approaches in this Policy will result in an effective and efficient procedure to pre-approve services performed by the independent auditor. As set forth in this Policy, unless a type of service has received general pre-approval, it will require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee if it is to be provided by the independent auditor. Any proposed services exceeding pre-approved cost levels or budgeted amounts will also require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee. For both types of pre-approval, the Audit Committee will consider whether such services are consistent with the SEC’s rules on auditor independence. The Audit Committee will also consider whether the independent auditor is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service for reasons such as its familiarity with our business, employees, culture, accounting systems, risk profile and other factors, and whether the service might enhance the Partnership’s ability to manage or control risk or improve audit quality. All such factors will be considered as a whole, and no one factor will necessarily be determinative. The Audit Committee is also mindful of the relationship between fees for audit and non-audit services in deciding whether to pre-approve any such services and may determine, for each fiscal year, the appropriate ratio between the total amount of fees for audit, audit-related and tax services. The appendices to the Policy describe the audit, audit-related and tax services that have the general pre-approval of the Audit Committee. The term of any general pre-approval is 12 months from the date of pre-approval, unless the Audit Committee considers a different period and states otherwise. For the audit, pre-approval is for the fiscal year as the time between approval and the actual issuance of the audit may be more than 12 months. The Audit Committee will annually review and pre-approve the services that may be provided by the independent auditor without obtaining specific pre-approval from the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will add or subtract to the list of general pre-approved services from time to time, based on subsequent determinations. The purpose of this Policy is to set forth the procedures by which the Audit Committee intends to fulfill its responsibilities. It does not delegate the Audit Committee’s responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent auditor to management. Ernst & Young LLP, our independent auditor reviews this Policy annually and it does not adversely affect its independence. II. Delegation As provided in the Act and the SEC’s rules, the Audit Committee has delegated either type of pre-approval authority to Stephen P. Smith, the Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Smith must report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 104 Table of Contents III. Audit Services The annual Audit services engagement terms and fees will be subject to the specific pre-approval of the Audit Committee. Audit services include the annual financial statement audit (including required quarterly reviews), subsidiary audits and other procedures required to be performed by the independent auditor to be able to form an opinion on the Partnership’s consolidated financial statements. These other procedures include information systems and procedural reviews and testing performed in order to understand and place reliance on the systems of internal control, and consultations relating to the audit or quarterly review. Audit services also include the attestation engagement for the independent auditor’s report on internal controls for financial reporting. The Audit Committee monitors the audit services engagement as necessary, but not less than on a quarterly basis, and approves, if necessary, any changes in terms, conditions and fees resulting from changes in audit scope, partnership structure or other items. In addition to the annual audit services engagement approved by the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee may grant general pre-approval to other audit services, which are those services that only the independent auditor reasonably can provide. Other audit services may include statutory audits or financial audits for our subsidiaries or our affiliates and services associated with SEC registration statements, periodic reports and other documents filed with the SEC or other documents issued in connection with securities offerings. IV. Audit-related Services Audit-related services are assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Partnership’s financial statements or that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor. Because the Audit Committee believes that the provision of audit-related services does not impair the independence of the auditor and is consistent with the SEC’s rules on auditor independence, the Audit Committee may grant general pre-approval to audit-related services. Audit-related services include, among others, due diligence services pertaining to potential business acquisitions/dispositions; accounting consultations related to accounting, financial reporting or disclosure matters not classified as "Audit Services"; assistance with understanding and implementing new accounting and financial reporting guidance from rulemaking authorities; financial audits of employee benefit plans; agreed-upon or expanded audit procedures related to accounting and/or billing records required to respond to or comply with financial, accounting or regulatory reporting matters; and assistance with internal control reporting requirements. V. Tax Services The Audit Committee believes that the independent auditor can provide tax services to the Partnership such as tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice without impairing the auditor’s independence, and the SEC has stated that the independent auditor may provide such services. Hence, the Audit Committee believes it may grant general pre-approval to those tax services that have historically been provided by the auditor, that the Audit Committee has reviewed and believes would not impair the independence of the auditor and that are consistent with the SEC’s rules on auditor independence. The Audit Committee will not permit the retention of the independent auditor in connection with a transaction initially recommended by the independent auditor, the sole business purpose of which may be tax avoidance and the tax treatment of which may not be supported in the Internal Revenue Code and related regulations. The Audit Committee will consult with the Chief Financial Officer or outside counsel to determine that the tax planning and reporting positions are consistent with this Policy. VI. Pre-Approval Fee Levels or Budgeted Amounts Pre-approval fee levels or budgeted amounts for all services to be provided by the independent auditor will be established annually by the Audit Committee. Any proposed services exceeding these levels or amounts will require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is mindful of the overall relationship of fees for audit and non-audit services in determining whether to pre-approve any such services. For each fiscal year, the Audit Committee may determine the appropriate ratio between the total amount of fees for audit, audit-related and tax services. VII. Procedures All requests or applications for services to be provided by the independent auditor that do not require specific approval by the Audit Committee will be submitted to the Chief Financial Officer and must include a detailed description of the services to be rendered. The Chief Financial Officer will determine whether such services are included within the list of services that have received the general pre-approval of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will be informed on a timely basis of any such services rendered by the independent auditor. Requests or applications to provide services that require specific approval by the Audit Committee will be submitted to the Audit Committee by both the independent auditor and the Chief Financial Officer, and must include a joint statement as to whether, in their view, the request or application is consistent with the SEC’s rules on auditor independence. 105 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) and (2) Financial Statements and Schedules (1) See " Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . " (2) All schedules are omitted because they are not required or because the information is immaterial or provided elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. (a)(3) Sisecam Wyoming LLC Financial Statements The financial statements of Sisecam Wyoming LLC required pursuant to Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X are included in this filing as Exhibit 99.1 . (a)(4) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Natural Resource Partners L.P., dated as of March 2, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2017). 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of NRP (GP) LP, dated as of December 16, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2011). 3.3 Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, dated as of October 31, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2013). 3.4 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of NRP (Operating) LLC, dated as of October 17, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002). 3.5 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Natural Resource Partners L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed April 19, 2002, File No. 333-86582). 4.1 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 19, 2003 among NRP (Operating) LLC and the Purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2003). 4.2 First Amendment, dated as of July 19, 2005, to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 19, 2003 among NRP (Operating) LLC and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2005). 4.3 Second Amendment, dated as of March 28, 2007, to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 19, 2003 among NRP (Operating) LLC and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2007). 4.4 First Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2005 among NRP (Operating) LLC and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2005). 4.5 Second Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2007 among NRP (Operating) LLC and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2007). 4.6 Third Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2009 among NRP (Operating) LLC and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2009). 4.7 Fourth Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2011 among NRP (Operating) LLC and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2011). 4.8 Subsidiary Guarantee of Senior Notes of NRP (Operating) LLC, dated June 19, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2003). 4.9 Form of Series A Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2003). 4.10 Form of Series D Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 28, 2007). 106 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description 4.11 Form of Series E Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 29, 2007). 4.12 Form of Series F Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2009). 4.13 Form of Series G Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2009). 4.14 Form of Series H Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2011). 4.15 Form of Series I Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2011). 4.16 Form of Series J Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2011). 4.17 Form of Series K Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2011). 4.18 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2013, by and among Natural Resource Partners L.P. and the Investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2013). 4.19 Third Amendment, dated as of June 16, 2015, to Note Purchase Agreements, dated as of June 19, 2003, among NRP (Operating) LLC and the holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2015). 4.20 Fourth Amendment, dated as of September 9, 2016, to Note Purchase Agreements, dated as of June 19, 2003, among NRP (Operating) LLC and the holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2016). 4.21 Indenture, dated April 29, 2019, by and among Natural Resource Partners L.P. and NRP Finance Corporation, as issuers, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2019). 4.22 Form of 9.125% Senior Notes due 2025 (contained in Exhibit 1 to Exhibit 4.21). 4.23 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of March 2, 2017, by and among Natural Resource Partners L.P. and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2017). 4.24 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2017). 4.25 Description of Equity Securities of Natural Resource Partners L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020) . 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities LLC as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2015). 10.2 First Amendment, dated as of June 3, 2016, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities LLC as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016). 10.3 First Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2009, by and among Western Pocahontas Properties Limited Partnership, Great Northern Properties Limited Partnership, New Gauley Coal Corporation, Robertson Coal Management LLC, GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, NRP (GP) LP, Natural Resource Partners L.P. and NRP (Operating) LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2009). 10.4 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Sisecam Wyoming LLC, dated June 30, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sisecam Resources LP on July 2, 2014). 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Sisecam Wyoming LLC dated November 5, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Sisecam Resources LP on March 11, 2016). 107 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description 10.6 Second Amendment, dated as of March 2, 2017, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities LLC as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2017). 10.7 Fourth Amendment, dated as of April 3, 2019, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2019). 10.8 Master Assignment Agreement and Fifth Amendment to Third Amended Credit Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2022 by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Exiting Lenders, and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, as administrative agent for the Lenders, as Swingline Lender, and as an Issuing Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022). 10.9 Sixth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2023, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, the lenders party thereto and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2023). 10.10 New Lender Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2023, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, and Gulf Capital Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2023). 10.11 New Lender Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2024, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, and Summit Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2024). 10.12 Commitment Increase Agreement dated as of February 14, 2024, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, and Frost Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2024). 10.13 New Lender Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022 by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, the Borrower, Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent under the Fifth Amendment to Third Amended Credit Agreement and Prosperity Bank, the New Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2022). 10.14 New Lender Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2019). 10.15 Master Amendment and Supplement to Coal Mining and Transportation Lease Agreements and Parent Guaranty dated June 30, 2020 by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, WPP LLC, Hod LLC, Independence Land Company, LLC, Williamson Transport LLC, Foresight Energy LP, Foresight Energy GP LLC, Foresight Energy LLC, Macoupin Energy, LLC, Williamson Energy, LLC, Sugar Camp Energy, LLC, Hillsboro Energy LLC, Foresight Energy Resources LLC, and Foresight Energy Operating LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2020). 10.16 Limited Waiver dated February 28, 2020 by Natural Resource Partners L.P., GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, NRP (GP) LP, and NRP (Operating) LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2020). 10.17 Right of First Offer Agreement dated as of February 28, 2020 by and among Pocahontas Royalties LLC, Natural Resource Partners L.P., GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, NRP (GP) LP, and NRP (Operating) LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2020). 10.18+ Natural Resource Partners L.P. 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2018). 10.19+ Form of Phantom Unit Award Agreement (Employees and Service Providers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 9, 2018). 10.20+ Form of Phantom Unit Award Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 9, 2018). 10.21+ Form of Phantom Unit Award Agreement (Employees and Service Providers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 10.22+ Form of Phantom Form of Phantom Unit Award Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 10.23+ Form of Phantom Unit Award Agreement (Directors with Deferral Election) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 10.24 Seventh Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2024, by and among NRP (Operating) LLC, the lenders party thereto and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2024). 19.1* Natural Resource Partners L.P. Insider Trading Policy 21.1* List of Subsidiaries of Natural Resource Partners L.P. 23.1* Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. 23.2* Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 23.3* Consent of BDO USA, P.C. 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley. 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350. 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350. 96.1* S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary on the Big Island Mine, Sweetwater County, Wyoming, USA, dated February 27, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 96.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2025). 97.1* Natural Resource Partners L.P. Incentive-Based Compensation Recoupment Policy, dated August 2, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 7, 2024). 99.1* Financial Statements of Sisecam Wyoming LLC as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 and for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. 108 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith + Management compensatory plan or arrangement 109 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. NATURAL RESOURCE PARTNERS L.P. By: NRP (GP) LP, its general partner By: GP NATURAL RESOURCE PARTNERS LLC, its general partner Date: February 27, 2026 By: / s /     CORBIN J. ROBERTSON, JR. Corbin J. Robertson, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 27, 2026 By: / s /     CHRISTOPHER J. ZOLAS Christopher J. Zolas Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 110 Table of Contents Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: February 27, 2026 / s /     GALDINO J. CLARO Galdino J. Claro Director Date: February 27, 2026 / s /     PAUL B. MURPHY, JR. Paul B. Murphy, Jr. Director Date: February 27, 2026 / s /     RICHARD A. NAVARRE Richard A. Navarre Director Date: February 27, 2026 / s /     CORBIN J. ROBERTSON III Corbin J. Robertson III Director Date: February 27, 2026 / s /     STEPHEN P. SMITH Stephen P. Smith Director Date: February 27, 2026 / s /     LEO A. VECELLIO, JR. Leo A. Vecellio, Jr. Director 111

