TICKER: NVAX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruption or other issues; • expiration of the shelf life of clinical material for use in clinical trials prior to the enrollment of any of our clinical trials; • subjects failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up, including subjects failing to remain in our trials; • insufficient incidence of infection with the applicable disease or condition that would allow us to evaluate the endpoints in our clinical trials of our vaccine candidates; • individuals choosing an alternative product for the indication for which we are developing our vaccine candidates, or participating in competing clinical trials; • lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial; • subjects experiencing severe or serious unexpected vaccine-related adverse effects; • occurrence of vaccine-related serious adverse events in trials of other vaccine candidates conducted by other companies that could be considered similar to our vaccine candidates; • selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or extended analysis of the resulting data; • transfer of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a contract manufacturing organization (“CMO”), delays or failure by our CMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process, or failure of our CMOs to produce clinical trial materials in accordance with current good manufacturing practice (“cGMP”) regulations or other applicable requirements; and • third parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner. 33 Table of Contents We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a vaccine, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to comply with these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign countries, as we have in the past and may do for our vaccine candidates, presents additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled subjects in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocols as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, and political and economic risks, including war, relevant to such foreign countries. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, the termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a vaccine candidate. We may make formulation or manufacturing changes to our vaccine candidates, in which case we may need to conduct additional preclinical studies to bridge our modified vaccine candidates to earlier versions. Any resulting delays to our clinical trials could shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our vaccine candidates. In such cases, our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our vaccine candidates could be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects. We may find it difficult to enroll subjects in our clinical trials. If we encounter difficulties enrolling subjects in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. Successful and timely completion of clinical trials will require that we identify and enroll a specified number of subjects for each of our clinical trials. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for our vaccine candidates if we are unable to identify and enroll a sufficient number of eligible subjects to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Subject enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors, including the size and nature of the subject population, the risks and severity associated the disease under investigation, the proximity of subjects to clinical sites, the eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, the ability to obtain and maintain informed consents, the ability to co-administer a vaccine candidate with other vaccines, the risk that enrolled subjects will not complete a clinical trial, our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience, and competing clinical trials and clinicians’ and subjects’ perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the vaccine candidate being studied in relation to other available vaccines or therapies, including any new products that may be approved for the indications we are investigating as well as any vaccine candidates under development. We cannot assure you that our assumptions used in determining expected clinical trial timelines are correct or that we will not experience delays in enrollment, which would result in the delay of completion of such trials beyond our expected timelines. Use of our vaccine candidates could be associated with adverse side effects, adverse events or other safety risks, which could delay or preclude approval, cause us to suspend or discontinue clinical trials, abandon a vaccine candidate, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in other significant negative consequences that could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of expected or unexpected side effects. Vaccine-related side effects could affect subject recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Undesirable side effects caused by our vaccine candidates when used alone or in combination with approved drugs, biologics or vaccines could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or lead to the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. For example, in October 2024, the U.S. FDA placed a clinical hold on the IND for our CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates from a spontaneous report of a serious adverse event in a 34 Table of Contents participant who received the CIC vaccine candidate in a Phase 2 trial that completed in 2023. After providing the FDA with the requested additional information, this event was assessed as not related to vaccination. The information provided to the FDA supported our assessment that the serious adverse event was not related to our CIC vaccine candidate, and the FDA removed the clinical hold in November 2024. Any of these occurrences could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, if our vaccine candidates are associated with undesirable side effects in clinical trials or demonstrate characteristics that are unexpected, we may elect to abandon their development or limit their development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective, which may limit the commercial expectations for the vaccine candidate if approved. We may also be required to modify our development and clinical trial plans based on findings after we commence clinical trials. Many compounds that initially showed promise in early-stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development of the compounds. In addition, regulatory authorities may draw different conclusions or require additional testing to confirm these determinations. It is possible that as we test our vaccine candidates in larger, longer and more extensive clinical trials, or if the use of these vaccine candidates becomes more widespread following regulatory approval, more illnesses, injuries, discomforts and other adverse events than were observed in earlier trials, as well as new conditions that did not occur or went undetected, may be discovered. If such side effects become known later in development or upon approval, if any, such findings may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, if our vaccine candidates receive regulatory approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such vaccine, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: • regulatory authorities may withdraw, suspend or limit approvals of such vaccine or seek an injunction against its manufacture or distribution; • we may be required to recall a vaccine or change the way such vaccine is administered to individuals; • regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label, such as a “black box” warning or a contraindication; • we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to individuals; • we may be required to change the way a vaccine is distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of a vaccine or be required to conduct additional post-marketing studies or surveillance; • we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to vaccine recipients; • sales of the vaccine may decrease significantly or the vaccine could become less competitive; and • our reputation may suffer. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular vaccine candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. Interim, “topline” and preliminary data from our clinical trials and preclinical studies that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publicly disclose interim, topline, or preliminary data from our clinical trials and preclinical studies, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, topline, or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies or trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline and preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the topline or 35 Table of Contents preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Interim data from clinical trials are further subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between interim, topline, or preliminary data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of such data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular vaccine candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular vaccine candidate or our business. If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our vaccine candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. The emergence and transmissibility of variants of the SARS-CoV-2 virus may affect market acceptance or sales of our COVID-19 Vaccine. As the SARS-CoV-2 virus continues to evolve, new strains of the virus, or those that are already in circulation, have in the past (in the cases of the Alpha, Beta, Delta and Omicron, including subvariants such as XBB.1.5 and JN.1, variants) and may in the future prove more transmissible or cause more severe forms of COVID-19 disease than the predominant strains to date. Our 2026 revenue depends on Sanofi’s ability to successfully manufacture, distribute, and market in accordance with the Sanofi CLA, an updated monovalent formulation of our COVID-19 Vaccine, marketed as Nuvaxovid™ in the U.S. , for the 2025-2026 vaccination season. This product may not be as effective in protecting against these or other future variant strains, and it may fail to achieve market acceptance or significant sales, despite gaining any regulatory approval, which may lead to reputational harm, loss of market share, and adverse financial results. Further, counterparties to certain of our existing APAs may request variant-specific vaccines in place of our COVID-19 Vaccine and, depending on when we are able to offer such variant-specific vaccines, if at all, such counterparties may seek to delay, reduce or otherwise renegotiate their purchase commitments, which may adversely impact our ability to realize the full financial benefit of such APAs. We are a biotechnology company and face significant risk in developing, manufacturing and commercializing our products. We focus our research and development activities on vaccines, an area in which we believe we have particular strengths and a technology that appears promising. The outcome of any research and development program is highly uncertain. Only a small fraction of biopharmaceutical development programs ultimately result in commercial products or even vaccine candidates and a number of events could delay our development efforts and negatively impact our ability to make regulatory submissions or obtain regulatory approval for, and to manufacture, market and sell, our vaccine candidates or any other vaccine on our projected timelines, if at all. Vaccine candidates that initially appear promising often fail to yield successful products, and we may not ultimately be able to demonstrate the safety, potency, purity, stability and efficacy necessary to obtain or maintain regulatory authorization to market our vaccine candidates. In many cases, preclinical studies or clinical trials will show that a vaccine candidate is not efficacious or that it raises safety concerns or has other side effects that outweigh its intended benefit. Success in preclinical or early clinical trials may not translate into success in large-scale clinical trials. Further, success in clinical trials often leads to increased investment, accelerating cumulative losses. Even if clinical trial results appear positive, regulatory approval may not be obtained if the FDA, or a foreign equivalent, does not agree with our interpretation of the results. Even after a product is approved and launched, general usage or post-marketing clinical trials may identify safety or other previously unknown problems with the product, or manufacturing issues may emerge, either of which may result in regulatory approvals being suspended, limited to narrow the scope of the approval, or revoked, which may otherwise prevent successful commercialization. Intense competition in the vaccine industry could also limit the successful commercialization of any products for which we receive commercial approval. 36 Table of Contents We will require approval from the FDA of any name we intend to use for our products regardless of whether we have secured a trademark registration from the USPTO. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. The FDA may object to any product name we submit if it believes the name inappropriately implies medical claims. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed product names, we may be required to adopt an alternative name for our proposed products. If we adopt an alternative name, we would lose the benefit of any existing trademark applications for such developmental candidate and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. We may be unable to build a successful brand identity for a new trademark in a timely manner or at all, which would limit our ability to commercialize our products, if approved. We may have product liability exposure. The administration of drugs or vaccines to humans, whether in clinical trials or after marketing approval, can result in product liability claims. We maintain product liability insurance coverage for our current clinical programs, and for commercialization of Nuvaxovid TM . However, we may not be able to obtain additional insurance coverage or maintain insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms, at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. Furthermore, such insurance coverage and our resources may not be sufficient to satisfy all liabilities that result from product liability claims. A successful claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable terms, if at all. Even if a claim is not successful, defending such a claim would be time-consuming and expensive, may damage our reputation in the marketplace and would likely divert management’s attention. In addition, regardless of any authorizations we have received supporting the development or commercialization of our vaccine candidates, unexpected safety issues could lead to product liability claims and our existing insurance may not be adequate for such claims. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: • decreased demand for our products; • withdrawal of regulatory authorizations and approvals; • voluntary or mandatory recalls of our products; • necessity for additional nonclinical or clinical studies, changes in labeling, or changes to manufacturing processes, specifications and/or facilities; • impairment of our business reputation and negative media attention; • withdrawal of clinical trial participants; • costs of related litigation; • substantial monetary awards to participants or other claimants; • loss of revenue; and • inability to commercialize our vaccine candidates. In addition, in the United States, the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act (the “PREP Act”), when applicable, provides immunity for manufacturers from all claims under state or federal law for “loss” arising out of the administration or use of a “covered countermeasure.” However, injured persons may still bring a suit for “willful misconduct” against the manufacturer under some circumstances. “Covered countermeasures” include “security countermeasures,” “qualified pandemic or epidemic products,” which include products intended to diagnose or treat pandemic or epidemic disease, such as pandemic vaccines and treatments intended to address conditions caused by such products, and drugs and biological products authorized for emergency use in accordance with sections 564, 564A, and 564B of the FDCA. For these immunities to apply, the Secretary of DHHS must invoke the PREP Act by issuing a declaration that 37 Table of Contents a public health emergency or “credible risk” of a future public health emergency exists. On March 17, 2020, the Secretary of DHHS issued a declaration under the PREP Act for medical countermeasures against COVID-19, effective as of February 4, 2020, and has issued subsequent amendments since then to provide liability immunity for activities related to certain countermeasures against the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. On December 11, 2024, the Secretary of DHHS issued the 12th amendment to the PREP Act declaration to extend time period of PREP Act coverage to December 31, 2029. While we believe our products are Covered Countermeasures under the current PREP Act declaration, coverage cannot be assured. Further, it remains possible that the HHS Secretary will amend the PREP Act declaration for medical countermeasures against COVID-19 to, among other things, shorten the duration of its coverage. Certain members of Congress have also sought to amend or repeal the PREP Act in effort to restrict or eliminate PREP Act immunity. As a result, the PREP Act, and any associated immunity, remains subject to significant uncertainty. Even if we successfully commercialize any of our vaccine candidates, either alone or in collaboration, we face uncertainty with respect to pricing, third-party reimbursement and healthcare reform, all of which could be subject to change and could adversely affect any commercial success of our vaccine candidates. Our ability to collect revenue from the commercial sale of our vaccines may depend on our ability, and that of any current or potential future collaboration partners or customers, to obtain and if obtained, maintain adequate levels of approval, coverage and reimbursement for such products from third-party payers including: government health administration authorities such as the Advisory Committee for Immunization Practices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“ACIP”), private health insurers, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, and other healthcare related organizations. Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and may deny coverage or offer inadequate levels of reimbursement if they determine that a product has not received appropriate clearances from the FDA, or foreign equivalent, or other government regulators; is not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods as determined by the third-party payer; or is experimental, unnecessary or inappropriate. Prices could also be driven down by managed care organizations that control or significantly influence utilization of healthcare products. In both the U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals and initiatives to change the health care system in ways that could affect our ability to sell vaccines and could adversely affect the prices that we receive for our vaccine candidates, if approved. Some of these proposed and implemented reforms could result in reduced drug pricing or reimbursement rates for medical products. The impact of such reform could adversely affect our business strategy, operations and financial results. Our exposure to price-related regulation could depend on whether our products are reimbursed by Medicare under Part B or Part D. Medicare Part B vaccine coverage includes vaccines to prevent influenza, pneumococcal disease, hepatitis B for beneficiaries who are at medium or high risk, and COVID-19. Vaccines for such conditions do not have any cost-sharing requirements. Meanwhile, Medicare Part D vaccine coverage includes all other commercially available vaccines that are determined to be reasonable and necessary to prevent illness. Part D vaccine coverage historically included cost-sharing requirements, but, effective January 1, 2023, the IRA provides access to CDC and ACIP-recommended vaccines covered under Medicare Part D without cost-sharing. Recommendation by ACIP of a vaccine has significant impacts on the coverage and reimbursement of the vaccine from commercial and governmental payers, such as Medicaid and Medicare. For example, vaccines that receive ACIP recommendations benefit from enhanced coverage requirements under the Affordable Care Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, and the Social Security Act, among other statutes. ACIP’s recommendations therefore directly influence coverage and reimbursement decisions by governments and private payers, in turn influencing healthcare providers and individual decision making. Similarly, the absence or withdrawal of an ACIP recommendation for a vaccine can result in increased beneficiary cost-sharing obligations and absence or limitations of coverage and reimbursement. For example, under the Trump administration, the COVID-19 vaccine for healthy children and healthy pregnant women was removed from the CDC recommended immunization schedules, and the DHHS Secretarial Directives ratifying CDC recommendations for use of COVID-19 vaccines for children ages six months to 17 years were rescinded. Currently, CDC recommends a 2025-2026 COVID-19 vaccine for people ages 6 months and older based on individual-based decision-making, noting that parents of children ages 6 months to 17 years should discuss the benefits of vaccination with a healthcare provider. CDC states that it is especially important to get a 2025–2026 COVID-19 vaccine for individuals aged 65 and older, individuals at high risk for severe COVID-19, or individuals who have never received a COVID-19 vaccine. It is possible that ACIP may withdraw or further limit its recommendation for COVID-19 vaccines. The revised CDC recommendations, as well as any possible future negative actions by ACIP regarding vaccination schedules, may adversely affect demand for our vaccine candidates and have material adverse effects on our business and results of operations. 38 Table of Contents We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of any healthcare reform legislation or the impact of potential legislation on us. We also cannot predict if the Trump administration’s policies might adversely impact funding for vaccine research and development, reimbursement for vaccines and their administration, vaccine mandates and recommendations, and public perception of vaccine importance. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“DHHS”) Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has populated ACIP with members who generally have voiced negative views regarding COVID-19 vaccines. The FDA’s Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee makes recommendations to FDA regarding novel vaccine products, and the Trump administration has so far removed at least one member from the committee. It is possible that further changes to the composition of the committee could result in additional adverse recommendations that negatively affect the development and commercialization of our vaccine candidates. The Trump administration’s changes to the immunization schedule for children and adolescents and vaccine recommendations to date, and similar changes that could be adopted in the future, could, among other things, result in adverse recommendations from ACIP or delay ACIP decisions or other elements of the approval pathway, potentially adversely impacting vaccine availability and recommendations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the pharmaceutical industry has also been the subject of significant publicity in recent years regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical products, including publicity and pressure resulting from prices charged by pharmaceutical companies for new products as well as price increases by pharmaceutical companies on older products that some people have deemed excessive. As a result, pharmaceutical product prices have been the focus of increased scrutiny by the United States government, including certain state attorneys general, members of Congress, the Trump administration, and the United States Department of Justice. If reforms in the healthcare industry limit or reduce reimbursement for our vaccine candidates, the market for such vaccine candidates will be reduced, and we could lose potential sources of revenue. The existence or threat of cost control measures could cause our corporate collaborators to be less willing or able to pursue research and development programs related to our vaccine candidates. Our vaccine candidates may never achieve market acceptance even if we obtain regulatory approvals. Even if we receive regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our vaccine candidates, the commercial success of these vaccine candidates will depend on, among other things, their acceptance by physicians, patients and third-party payers, such as health insurance companies and other members of the medical community, as a vaccine and cost-effective alternative to competing products. If our vaccine candidates fail to gain market acceptance, we may be unable to earn sufficient revenue to continue our business. Market acceptance of, and demand for, any product that we may develop and commercialize will depend on many factors, including: • our ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; • the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; • whether our vaccines candidates are differentiated from other vaccines; • availability, relative cost and relative efficacy of alternative and competing treatments; • the effectiveness of our marketing and distribution strategy; • publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and • our ability to obtain sufficient third party insurance coverage or reimbursement. If our vaccine candidates do not become widely accepted by physicians, patients, third-party payers and other members of the medical community as well as the relevant public health authorities responsible for scheduling immunizations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to secure sufficient supplies of a key component of our adjuvant technology. Because an important component of our adjuvant technology is extracted from a species of soap-bark tree (Quillaja saponaria) grown in Chile, we need long term access to quillaja extract with a consistent and sufficiently high quality in order to maintain a secure supply of raw material for the development and manufacture of our adjuvant products. We rely on a single source supplier for quillaja extract, so if we are unable to secure long term access to quillaja extract with a consistent 39 Table of Contents and sufficiently high quality, or to secure back-up suppliers, the development and manufacture of our adjuvant products may be delayed and we may not be able to meet our obligations under our various collaboration and supply agreements. Our vaccine candidates are sensitive to shipping and storage conditions, which could subject our vaccine candidates to risk of loss or damage. Our vaccine candidates are sensitive to storage and handling conditions. Loss in vaccine candidates could occur if the product or product intermediates are not stored or handled properly. It is possible that our vaccine candidates could be lost due to expiration prior to use. If we do not effectively maintain our supply logistics, then we may experience an unusual number of returned or out of date products. Failure to effectively maintain our supply logistics, by us or third parties, could lead to additional manufacturing costs and delays in our ability to supply required quantities for clinical trials or otherwise. Fast Track Designation by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and does not assure approval. The FDA granted Fast Track Designation for our recombinant quadrivalent seasonal influenza vaccine candidate in January 2020 and prototype vaccine in November 2020, and also granted Fast Track Designation to the R21/Matrix-M malaria vaccine . Depending on the data from our preclinical and clinical studies, we may decide to seek such designation for some or all of our other vaccine candidates. The Fast Track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing candidates that meet certain criteria. Specifically, biologics are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended, alone or in combination with one or more drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. With respect to our programs, Fast Track Designation would apply to the combination of the vaccine candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a Fast Track vaccine candidate has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once a BLA is submitted, the application may be eligible for priority review. A BLA submitted for a Fast Track candidate may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation. Even if we believe a particular vaccine candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track Designation for any of our vaccine candidates, such vaccine candidates may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may also withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development programs. Furthermore, such a designation does not increase the likelihood that any vaccine candidate that may be granted Fast Track Designation will receive regulatory approval in the U.S. Many candidates that have received Fast Track Designation have ultimately failed to obtain approval. Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties We need to partner with a collaborator to handle marketing activities, and if we are unable to enter into collaborations with marketing partners, we may not be successful in commercializing any approved products. Although we commercialized our COVID-19 Vaccine for the last three vaccination seasons, we have transitioned the commercialization of this product to Sanofi for the 2025-2026 vaccination season and for the duration of the Sanofi CLA and we otherwise currently have limited dedicated sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. As a result, we depend on collaborations with third parties that have established distribution systems and sales forces, including our collaborations with Sanofi and SII, among others. To the extent that we enter into co-promotion or other licensing arrangements, such as the Sanofi CLA, our revenue will depend upon the efforts of third parties, over which we may have little or no control. If we are unable to reach and maintain agreements with one or more pharmaceutical companies or collaborators, we may be required to market our products directly. Developing a marketing and sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay a product launch. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified sales personnel or otherwise develop this capability, which may adversely affect our business. 40 Table of Contents Current or future regional relationships may hinder our ability to engage in larger transactions. We have entered into regional collaborations to develop, manufacture and distribute our vaccine candidates in certain parts of the world, and we anticipate entering into additional regional collaborations. Our relationships with SII, Takeda, and SK bioscience are examples of these regional relationships. These relationships often involve the licensing of our technology to our partner or entering into a distribution agreement, frequently on an exclusive basis. Generally, exclusive agreements are restricted to certain territories. Because we have entered into exclusive license and distribution agreements, larger companies may not be interested, or able, to enter into collaborations with us on a worldwide-scale. Also, these regional relationships may make us an unattractive target for an acquisition. We must identify vaccines for development with our technologies and establish successful third-party relationships. The near and long-term viability of our other vaccine candidates, including our CIC vaccine candidate, depends in part on our ability to successfully establish, operationalize and maintain strategic collaborations with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and government agencies. Establishing, operationalizing and maintaining strategic collaborations and obtaining government funding is difficult and time-consuming. Potential collaborators may reject collaborations based upon their assessment of our financial, regulatory or intellectual property position or based on their internal pipelines; government agencies may reject contract or grant applications based on their assessment of public need, the public interest, our products’ ability to address these areas, or other reasons beyond our expectations or control. Collaborators also may seek to modify or terminate relationships. Past success in establishing strategic collaborations with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, non-profit organizations and government agencies is no guarantee of future success in entering into new relationships or in performing under existing relationships. If we fail to establish a sufficient number of collaborations or government relationships on acceptable terms, or fail to perform under collaborations or relationships to the satisfaction of counter-parties, we may not be able to commercialize our vaccine candidates or generate sufficient revenue to fund further research and development efforts. • The collaborations we have established or may establish may not result in the successful development or commercialization of any vaccine candidates for several reasons, including the fact that: • we may not have the ability to control the activities of our partners and cannot provide assurance that they will fulfill their obligations to us, including with respect to the license, development and commercialization of any approved vaccines or our vaccine candidates, in a timely manner or at all; • such partners may not devote sufficient resources to any approved vaccines or our vaccine candidates or properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights; • our partners could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with any approved vaccines or our vaccine candidates if such partners believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; • any failure on the part of our partners to perform or satisfy their obligations to us could lead to delays in the development or commercialization of any approved vaccines or our vaccine candidates and affect our ability to realize product revenue; and • disagreements, including disputes over the ownership of technology developed with such collaborators, could result in litigation, which would be time consuming and expensive, and may delay or terminate research and development efforts, regulatory approvals and commercialization activities. If we or our collaborators fail to maintain our existing agreements or in the event we fail to establish agreements as necessary, we could be required to undertake research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities solely at our own expense. These activities would significantly increase our capital requirements and, given our limited sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, significantly delay the commercialization of our vaccine candidates. 41 Table of Contents We rely on third parties to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, our development programs and our ability to seek or obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our vaccine candidates may be delayed. We depend on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials for our vaccine candidates. Specifically, we rely on, and will continue to rely on, medical institutions, clinical investigators, CROs and consultants to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials, in each case in accordance with our clinical protocols and regulatory requirements. These CROs, investigators and other third parties play a significant role in the conduct and timing of these trials and subsequent collection and analysis of data. Though we expect to carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. Further, while we will have agreements governing the activities of our third-party contractors, we have limited influence over their actual performance. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials are conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific standards and requirements, and our reliance on our CROs and other third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. In addition, we and our CROs are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for our vaccine candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs or trial sites fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. Furthermore, our clinical trials must be conducted with vaccine candidates and placebo produced under cGMP and similar foreign regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials or recall batches of our vaccine candidate or placebo, which would delay the regulatory approval process. There is no guarantee that any of our CROs, investigators or other third parties will devote adequate time and resources to our preclinical studies or clinical trials or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fails to meet expected deadlines, adhere to our clinical protocols or meet regulatory requirements, or otherwise performs in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated. In addition, many of the third parties with whom we contract may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting preclinical studies, clinical trials or other development activities that could harm our competitive position. If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Switching or adding additional CROs, investigators and other third parties involves additional cost and requires our management’s time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we work to carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. We currently rely on third parties for the manufacture of our vaccine candidates for clinical development and expect to continue to rely on third parties for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our vaccine candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or potential commercialization efforts. We rely, and expect to continue to rely in part, on additional third-party manufacturers for the manufacture of our vaccine candidates and related raw materials for clinical development, as well as for commercial manufacture. The facilities used by third-party manufacturers to manufacture our vaccine candidates must be approved for the manufacture of such candidate by the FDA and any comparable foreign regulatory authority pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit a BLA to the FDA or any comparable submission to a foreign regulatory authority. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, third-party manufacturers for compliance with cGMP and similar foreign requirements for manufacture of products. Our third-party manufacturers may be unable to successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority. In order for us to use the material manufactured by third-party manufacturers, their manufacturing facilities must comply with applicable legal requirements, including cGMP, and upon a request for marketing 42 Table of Contents authorization, these facilities must be authorized for the manufacture of our vaccine candidates in connection with any approval of any marketing application we submit. In addition, we have no control over the ability of third-party manufacturers to procure raw material supplies and maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Furthermore, the process of manufacturing biologics is complex and highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects, other supply disruptions and higher costs. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered at the facilities of our third-party manufacturers, such facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination, which could delay clinical trials, result in higher costs of drug product and adversely affect our business. Further, our clinical supplies have a shelf lives that may expire prior to the full enrollment of our planned clinical trials causing similar delays or other supply disruptions. Any performance failure on the part of our third-party manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval of any vaccine candidate, and may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any vaccines that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. In addition, we may be unable to establish any supply agreements with additional third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms, which increases the risk of failing to timely obtain sufficient quantities of our vaccine candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost. Even if we are able to establish long-term agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: • failure of third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and maintain quality assurance; breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; • failure to manufacture our product according to our specifications, our schedule, or at all; • infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property and proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and • termination or non renewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us, and any vaccine candidates that we may develop may compete with other vaccine candidates and products for access to such manufacturers and manufacturing facilities. Increased competition amongst developers to access manufacturers and materials could increase the costs of, or otherwise limit our ability to, manufacture our vaccine candidates. Our third-party manufacturers may be unable to successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority. In order for us to use the material manufactured by third-party manufacturers, their manufacturing facilities in which our materials are produced must comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the manufacture of biological products, and upon a request for marketing authorization, these facilities must be authorized for the manufacture of our vaccine candidates in connection with any approval of a marketing application we submit. If materials manufactured by our third-party manufacturers do not conform to our specifications or the regulatory requirements necessary for use in clinical trials, we may experience delays in our development efforts or may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our vaccine candidates, if approved. Our third-party manufacturers may be unable to successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority. In order for us to use the material manufactured by third-party manufacturers, their manufacturing facilities in which our materials are produced must comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the manufacture of biological products, and upon a request for marketing authorization, these facilities must be authorized for the manufacture of our vaccine candidates in connection with any approval of a marketing application we submit. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority determines that such facilities are noncompliant or does not authorize these facilities to manufacture our vaccine candidates or if it withdraws any such authorization in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our vaccine candidates, if 43 Table of Contents approved. While we are seeking to identify and secure additional third-party contract manufacturers, we may be unable to do so at an acceptable cost, or at all, which could significantly impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our vaccine candidates, if approved. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of vaccine candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. Additionally, our third-party manufacturers may rely on single source suppliers for certain of the raw materials for our preclinical and clinical product supplies. If current or future suppliers are delayed or unable to supply sufficient raw materials to manufacture product for our preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may experience delays in our development efforts as materials are obtained or we locate and qualify new raw material manufacturers. Our or a third party’s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements on commercially reasonable terms and in compliance with cGMP or other regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: • an inability to initiate clinical trials of our vaccine candidates; • delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving marketing approvals, for our vaccine candidates; • subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities or our manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; • requirements to cease development or to recall batches of our vaccine candidates; and • in the event of approval to market and commercialize our vaccine candidates, an inability to meet commercial demands for such vaccines. Any performance failure on the part of our manufacturing partners could delay clinical development or marketing approval, and any related remedial measures may be costly or time consuming to implement. In addition, our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our vaccine candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any vaccines that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. Risks Related to Our Industry and Competition Many of our competitors have significantly greater resources and experience, which may negatively impact our commercial opportunities and those of our current and future licensees. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are subject to intense competition and rapid and significant technological change. We have many potential competitors, including major pharmaceutical companies, specialized biotechnology firms, academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial and technical resources, experience and expertise in: • research and development; • preclinical testing; • designing and implementing clinical trials; • regulatory processes and approvals; • production and manufacturing; and • sales and marketing of approved products. Principal competitive factors in our industry include: • the quality and breadth of an organization’s technology; • management of the organization and the execution of the organization’s strategy; 44 Table of Contents • the skill and experience of an organization’s employees and its ability to recruit and retain skilled and experienced employees; • an organization’s intellectual property portfolio; • the range of capabilities, from target identification and validation to drug discovery and development to manufacturing and marketing; and • the availability of substantial capital resources to fund discovery, development and commercialization activities. Large and established companies, such as Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, CSL Ltd., Sanofi Pasteur, SA, Pfizer Inc., AstraZeneca, and Moderna, among others, compete in the vaccine market. In particular, these companies have greater experience and expertise in securing government contracts and grants to support their research and development efforts, conducting testing and clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals to market products, manufacturing such products on a broad scale and marketing approved products. Smaller or early-stage companies and research institutions also may prove to be significant competitors, regardless of the diseases their product candidates target, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established pharmaceutical companies. As these companies develop their technologies, they may develop proprietary positions, which may prevent or limit our product development and commercialization efforts. We will also face competition from these parties in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and participant registration for clinical trials and in acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary to our programs or potentially advantageous to our business. If any of our competitors succeed in obtaining approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities for their products sooner than we do or for products that are more effective or less costly than ours, our commercial opportunity could be significantly reduced. In order to effectively compete, we will have to make substantial investments in development, testing, manufacturing and sales and marketing or partner with one or more established companies. We may not be successful in gaining significant market share for any vaccine. Our technologies and vaccines also may be rendered obsolete or non-competitive as a result of products introduced by our competitors to the marketplace more rapidly and at a lower cost. There is significant competition in the development of a vaccine against COVID-19 and a combined vaccine against COVID-19 and influenza, and we may never see returns on the significant resources we have devoted and may continue to devote to our vaccine candidates. Despite funding provided to us to date, and although we obtained regulatory approvals for our COVID-19 Vaccine, many of our competitors pursuing vaccine candidates have significantly greater development, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. Larger pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have extensive experience in clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approval for their products and may have the resources to heavily invest to accelerate discovery and development of their vaccine candidates. The success of our candidates will depend, in part, on their relative safety, efficacy (including against emerging variant strains), side effect profile, convenience, and cost. Furthermore, if any competitors are successful in producing a more efficacious vaccine or other treatment for the diseases we intend to target (including against emerging variant strains), or if any competitors are able to manufacture and distribute any such vaccines or treatments with greater efficiency there may be a diversion of potential governmental and other funding away from us and toward such other parties. Many seasonal influenza vaccines are currently approved and marketed. Competition in the sale of these seasonal influenza vaccines is intense. Therefore, newly developed and approved products must be differentiated from existing vaccines in order to have commercial success. In order to show differentiation in the seasonal influenza market, a product may need to be more efficacious, particularly in older adults, be less expensive or quicker to manufacture, or contain other differentiating characteristics, such as being combined with another vaccine. Many competitors are working on new products and new generations of current products, intended to be more efficacious than those currently marketed. Our CIC vaccine candidate may not prove to be more efficacious than current or future seasonal influenza products or future COVID-19 influenza combination products under development by our competitors. Further, our in-house or third-party manufacturing arrangements may not provide enough savings of time or money to provide the required differentiation for commercial success. 45 Table of Contents Risks Related to Regulatory and Compliance Matters The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our vaccine candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of our vaccine candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S. and by comparable foreign regulatory authorities in foreign markets. In the U.S., we are not permitted to market our vaccine candidates in the U.S. until we receive regulatory approval of a BLA from the FDA. The process of obtaining such regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the vaccine candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Approval policies or regulations may change, and the FDA and comparable regulatory have substantial discretion in the approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a vaccine candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of vaccine candidates, regulatory approval of a vaccine candidate is never guaranteed. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize a vaccine candidate in the U.S. or abroad, we must demonstrate with substantial evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that such vaccine candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses, and in the case of vaccines in the U.S., that such vaccine candidates are safe, pure and potent for their intended uses. Results from nonclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe available nonclinical or clinical data support the safety purity, potency, or efficacy of our vaccine candidates, such data may not be sufficient to obtain approval from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, as the case may be, may also require us to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials for our vaccine candidates either prior to or post-approval, or may object to elements of our clinical development program. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a vaccine candidate for many reasons, including: • such authorities may disagree with the design or execution of our clinical trials; • negative or ambiguous results from our clinical trials or results may not meet the level of statistical significance or persuasiveness required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies for approval; • serious and unexpected drug-related side effects may be experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using products similar to our vaccine candidates; • the population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval; • such authorities may not accept clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from that of their own country; • we may be unable to demonstrate that a vaccine candidate’s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; • such authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • such authorities may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials of our vaccine candidates are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of a BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere, and such authorities may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; • such authorities may disagree with us regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the product specifications of our vaccine candidates; • approval may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than those sought by us, and/or may include significant restrictions on distribution and use; 46 Table of Contents • such authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of the third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or • such authorities may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission. With respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and, in addition to the foregoing risks, may involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with pricing authorities. Where if we eventually complete clinical trials and receive approval of a BLA or comparable foreign marketing application for our vaccine candidates, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials and/or the implementation of a REMS, which may be required because the FDA believes it is necessary to ensure safe use of the product after approval. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval would delay or prevent commercialization of that vaccine candidate and would materially adversely impact our business and prospects. Where we receive regulatory approval for our vaccine candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our vaccine candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions on marketing or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our vaccine candidates, when and if any of them are approved. Any regulatory approvals that we may receive for our vaccine candidates will require the submission of reports to regulatory authorities, subject us to surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product, may contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. For example, the FDA may require a REMS as a condition of approval of our vaccine candidates, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our vaccine candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our products will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and similar foreign requirements, and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements or later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, may result in, among other things: • restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • restrictions on product distribution or use, or requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; • restrictions on our ability to conduct clinical trials, including full or partial clinical holds on clinical trials; • fines, restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenue, warning letters, untitled letters, adverse publicity requirements or holds on clinical trials; • refusal by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us or suspension or revocation of approvals; • product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our products; and • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our vaccine candidates and generate revenue and could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Moreover, the FDA’s and other regulatory authorities’ policies may change and additional government regulations may be promulgated that could prevent, limit or delay marketing authorization of any vaccine candidates we develop. For example, the Trump administration may issue executive orders or take other actions that could impose significant burdens on, 47 Table of Contents or otherwise materially delay, the FDA’s ability to engage in routine oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. The policies and priorities of a presidential administration could materially impact the regulations governing our vaccine candidates. In particular, the current DHHS Secretary, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., has previously issued statements expressing skepticism towards the safety and testing of pediatric vaccines, such as those we intend to develop, and has taken actions to modify certain committees and recommendations that could adversely affect the development, approval and/or commercialization of novel vaccines. For additional information, see the Risk Factor above entitled: “ Even if we successfully commercialize any of our vaccine candidates, either alone or in collaboration, we face uncertainty with respect to pricing, third-party reimbursement and healthcare reform, all of which could be subject to change, and could adversely affect any commercial success of our vaccine candidates. ” If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. Our vaccine candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a highly similar or “biosimilar” product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first approved by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first approved. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, the FDA may approve a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor’s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. We believe that any of our vaccine candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our vaccine candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for competition sooner than anticipated. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions could prevent us from marketing our products internationally. We intend to have our vaccine candidates developed and commercialized outside the U.S. In furtherance of this objective, we have entered into supply agreements with various foreign governments and international distribution agreements with commercial entities. In order to market our products in various countries globally, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing and data review. The time required to obtain foreign regulatory approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. Additionally, regulatory authorities outside the U.S. might not accept data from trials conducted in other countries. Approval by one regulatory agency does not ensure approval by regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in other jurisdictions, including approval by the FDA. The failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions could harm our business. We have conducted, continue to conduct and plan to conduct in the future, a number of clinical trials for our vaccine candidates at sites outside the U.S. and the U.S. FDA may not accept data from trials conducted in such locations. We have in the past conducted, and may in the future conduct one or more of our clinical trials or a portion of our clinical trials for our vaccine candidates outside the U.S. The acceptance of study data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the sole basis for regulatory approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to GCP regulations; and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA, or if the FDA considers such inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. In addition, even where the foreign study data are 48 Table of Contents not intended to serve as the sole basis for approval, if the study was not otherwise subject to an IND, the FDA will not accept the data as support for an application for regulatory approval unless the study is well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the FDA is able to validate the data from the study through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar requirements for clinical data gathered outside of their respective jurisdictions. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S. or the relevant jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it may result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in current or future vaccine candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other regulatory authorities could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise perform their normal functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our ability to develop or commercialize new products or services, access capital markets, or otherwise operate our business. The ability of the FDA and other regulatory authorities to review and approve new product applications is affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes, including those related to a change in presidential administration. For example, average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result of such factors. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, in recent years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough employees and stop or slow the pace of critical activities. In addition, the current U.S. Presidential administration has issued certain policies and Executive Orders directed towards reducing the employee headcount and costs associated with U.S. administrative agencies, including the FDA, which have led to substantial personnel changes, and it remains unclear the degree to which these efforts may limit or otherwise adversely affect the FDA’s ability to conduct routine activities. If a prolonged government shutdown or slowdown of the relevant regulatory authority occurs, or if funding shortages, staffing limitations or similar factors hinder or prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, such events, could significantly impact the ability of such government or authority to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Because we are subject to environmental, health and safety laws, we may be unable to conduct our business in the most advantageous manner. We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices, the experimental use of animals, emissions and wastewater discharges, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our research, including infectious disease agents. We also cannot accurately predict the extent of regulations that might result from any future legislative or administrative action. Any of these laws or regulations could cause us to incur additional expense or restrict our operations. Our facilities in Maryland are subject to various local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including chemicals, microorganisms and various hazardous compounds used in connection with our research and development activities. In the U.S., these laws include the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Test Substances Control Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Similar national and local regulations govern our facilities in Sweden and Switzerland. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or discharge or injury from these materials. Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials. We could be subject to civil damages in the event of an improper or unauthorized release of, or exposure of individuals to, these hazardous materials. In addition, claimants may sue us for injury or contamination that results from our use or the use by third parties of these materials, and our liability may exceed our total assets. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. 49 Table of Contents Although we have general liability insurance, these policies contain exclusions from insurance against claims arising from pollution from chemicals or pollution from conditions arising from our operations. Our collaborators are working with these types of hazardous materials in connection with our collaborations. In the event of a lawsuit or investigation, we could be held responsible for any injury we or our collaborators cause to persons or property by exposure to, or release of, any hazardous materials. For our vaccine candidates, we will be subject to additional healthcare laws and our failure to comply with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. Within the U.S. (and within foreign countries), if we obtain full approval for any of our vaccine candidates and begin commercializing them, our operations may be directly, or indirectly through our arrangements with third-party payors and customers, subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal and state governments (or the regulatory bodies or governments of foreign countries), which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we sell, market and distribute our products. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The applicable U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations (which may be comparable to foreign laws existing in foreign countries) that may affect our ability to operate include: • the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product marketing and promotion and prohibits manufacturers from marketing such products for unapproved uses; • the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce the referral for an item or service or the purchase order of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; • federal false claims laws, including the FCA, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, information or claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA; • manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to “cause” the submission of false or fraudulent claims; the FCA also permits a private individual acting as whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; • federal laws that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs; • the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the DHHS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 50 Table of Contents • the federal law known as HIPAA, which, in addition to privacy protections applicable to healthcare providers and other entities, prohibits executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; • federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; • state law equivalents of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers, and state gift ban and transparency laws, many of which state laws differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts; and • state laws restricting interactions with healthcare providers and other members of the healthcare community or requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to implement certain compliance standards. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights those actions, our business may be impaired. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to, on a corporate or individual basis, penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and even imprisonment, any of which could materially adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. In addition, the cost of implementing sufficient systems, controls, and processes to ensure compliance with all of the aforementioned laws could be significant. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert management’s attention from the operation of the company’s business. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, that person or entity may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect business in an adverse way. We are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, and other similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, as well as various trade laws and regulations (including economic sanctions, export laws, and customs laws), and our failure to comply with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws prohibit companies and their intermediaries from corruptly providing any payments or other benefits to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The U.S. Departments of Justice, Securities & Exchange Commission, Commerce, State and Treasury and other federal agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against corporations and individuals for violations of the FCPA, economic sanctions laws, export control laws, and other federal statutes and regulations, including those established by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC. In addition, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, or the Bribery Act, prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both private and public sectors. An organization that fails to prevent bribery by anyone associated with the organization can be charged under the Bribery Act unless the organization can establish the defense of having implemented adequate procedures to prevent bribery. 51 Table of Contents Similarly, U.S. and similar worldwide trade laws, including economic sanctions, export laws, and customs laws, regulate our ability to conduct business with certain jurisdictions and counterparties, and regulate the ways in which we may export and import products around the world. In connection with these laws, various government agencies may require us to obtain export licenses, and may impose modifications to business practices, including requiring the cessation of business activities in or with countries, entities, and individuals targeted with sanctions. The breadth and dynamic nature of these laws and regulations may increase compliance costs, and may subject us to fines. We have received a number of regulatory approvals in ex-U.S. jurisdictions and has commenced commercial operations in these international locations, including partnering with third-parties in certain higher-risk jurisdictions. Further, a portion of our business with respect to our manufacturing is conducted outside of the U.S. in higher-risk jurisdictions. We expect our international activities to increase in the future. Though we maintain policies, internal controls and other measures reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable anti-corruption and trade laws and regulations, our employees or agents may nevertheless engage in improper conduct for which we might be held responsible. Any violations of these anti-corruption or trade laws, or even allegations of such violations, can lead to an investigation and/or enforcement action, which could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, and lead to significant costs and expenses, including legal fees. If we, or our employees or agents acting on our behalf, are found to have engaged in practices that violate these laws and regulations, we could be subject to criminal and civil enforcement action, suffer severe fines and penalties, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation, bans on transacting government business, delisting from securities exchanges and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our reputation, our revenue or our stock price could be adversely affected if we become the subject of any negative publicity related to actual or potential violations of anti-corruption or trade laws and regulations. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property Our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope, ownership or control, and validity of intellectual property protections, to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. We rely, and may in the future rely, upon a combination of patent, trade secret and know-how for any of our current and future vaccine candidates, and proprietary technologies to prevent third parties from exploiting our achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. These legal measures afford only limited protection, and competitors or others may gain access to or use our intellectual property and proprietary information. Our success in large part depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope, ownership or control, and validity of intellectual property, to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology and other trade secrets in the United States and other countries. To do so, we must prosecute and maintain existing patents, obtain new patents and pursue trade secret and other intellectual property protection. We also must operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third-parties or allowing third-parties to infringe our rights. We currently have or have rights to over 832 U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications covering our technologies. However, patent issues relating to pharmaceuticals and biologics involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. To date, no consistent policy has emerged regarding the breadth of biotechnology patent claims that are granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) or similar patent offices in other countries or enforced by the federal courts or agencies in the United States or the courts or administrative bodies in other countries. Therefore, we do not know whether any particular patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, or that any patents issued to us will provide us with any competitive advantage. We also cannot be sure that we will develop additional proprietary products that are patentable. Furthermore, there is a risk that others will independently develop or duplicate similar technology or products or circumvent the patents issued to us. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, the USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with certain foreign filing requirements during the patent application process. In some circumstances, we are dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse in compliance with these requirements can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application or can be grounds for revoking or invalidating an issued patent, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 52 Table of Contents In addition, we may experience difficulties in enforcing the intellectual property rights in output generated by generative AI Technologies (as defined below). The United States Copyright Office has previously denied copyright protection for content generated by AI Technologies, and the United States Patent and Trademark Office has similarly stated that an AI tool cannot be an “inventor” of a patent, rendering it impossible to obtain patent protection for inventions created solely by AI Technologies. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom has reached a similar conclusion, stating that AI systems cannot be named as an “inventor” for UK patent law purposes. If we are unable to obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope, ownership or control, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property protection, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. In addition to seeking patent protection for our products, vaccine candidates and proprietary technologies, we may rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our know-how, technology, and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality provisions in agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, licensees, third party collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and advisors. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into applicable agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. We cannot guarantee that any potential trade secrets and other proprietary and confidential information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to trade secrets. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we may have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Furthermore, others may independently discover similar trade secrets and proprietary information. We may also need to share our trade secrets and proprietary know-how with current or future partners, collaborators, contractors and others located in countries at heightened risk of theft of trade secrets, including through direct intrusion by private parties or foreign actors, and those affiliated with or controlled by state actors. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the U.S. and abroad. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed or misappropriated or if any such information were to be independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position could be materially and adversely harmed. We may be subject to claims that third parties have an ownership interest in our trade secrets. For example, we may have disputes arise from conflicting obligations of our employees, consultants, advisors or others who are involved in our research and development activities or developing our vaccine candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging ownership of our trade secrets. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable trade secret rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, trade secrets that are important to our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our former employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators may wrongfully disclose our trade secrets or we may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors have misappropriated alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. Although our patent filings include claims covering various features of our vaccine candidates, including composition, methods of manufacture and use, our patents do not provide us with complete protection against the development of competing products. Some of our know-how and technology is not patentable. To protect our proprietary rights in unpatentable intellectual property and trade secrets, we require employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know- 53 Table of Contents how or other proprietary information, and such risk has been enhanced by the departure of employees in connection with our global restructuring and cost reduction plan. Some of our employees, consultants and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual’s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management. In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, enforcing and defending patents on our products and vaccine candidates in all countries throughout the world is expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Prosecution of foreign patent applications is often a longer process and patents may grant at a later date, and may have a shorter term, than in the U.S. The requirements for patentability differ in certain jurisdictions and countries. Additionally, the patent laws of some countries do not afford intellectual property protection to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. For example, other countries may impose substantial restrictions on the scope of claims, including limiting patent protection to specifically disclosed embodiments. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our intellectual property in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our intellectual property in jurisdictions where we have not pursued and obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our products, and our current or future owned or licensed patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our owned or licensed patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. In addition, some jurisdictions may have a heightened standard for patentability than in the U.S., including, for example, the requirement of claims having literal support in the original patent filing and the limitation on using supporting data that is not in the original patent filing. Under those heightened patentability requirements, we may not be able to obtain sufficient patent protection in certain jurisdictions even though the same or similar patent protection can be secured in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Failure to obtain trademark registrations for proposed product names/brands, in the U.S. or abroad, may adversely impact our business. Trademark registration to protect the trademarks for our proposed products will require approval from the USPTO in the U.S. and in trademark offices throughout the world in our key markets. The USPTO or a trademark office in a key international jurisdiction may refuse registration of any of our trademarks on a variety of potential grounds. If registration is not granted to one of our trademarks in the U.S. or in another key international jurisdiction, we may be required to adopt an alternative name for that proposed product. If we adopt an alternative name, we may lose the benefit of any existing trademark applications for such developmental candidate and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA and other regulatory authorities. 54 Table of Contents Third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual property rights. Our research, development and commercialization activities, including any vaccine candidates resulting from these activities, may be found to infringe patents or trademarks owned by third-parties and to which we do not hold licenses or other rights. There may be rights we are not aware of, including applications that have been filed, but not published that, when issued, could be asserted against us. These third-parties could bring claims against us, and that may cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent or trademark infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the product or biologic drug candidate that is the subject of the suit. As a result of patent or trademark infringement claims, or in order to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from the third party. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be non- exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent or trademark infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. All of the issues described above could also impact our collaborators, which would also impact the success of the collaboration and therefore us. There has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent, trademark, and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. We may become involved in litigation to defend or enforce our intellectual property or the intellectual property of our collaborators or licensors, which could be expensive and time-consuming. Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our collaborators or licensors. As a result, we may be required to file patent infringement suits to prevent unauthorized uses. This can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover its technology. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceeding could put one or more of our, or our collaborators’ or licensors’, patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our, or our collaborators’ or licensors’, patent applications at the risk of not issuing. Competitors may infringe our trademarks or the trademarks of collaborators or licensors. As a result, we may be required to file suit to counter infringement for unauthorized use of an identical or confusingly similar trademark. This can be expensive and time-consuming. Even if we are successful, litigation may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management. Even with a broad portfolio, we may not be able, alone or with our collaborators and licensors, to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the U.S. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our common stock could be significantly harmed. The scope, validity, and ownership of our patent claims may be challenged in various venues and, if we do not prevail, our ability to exclude competitors may be harmed, potentially reducing our ability to succeed commercially. We may be subject to a variety of challenges from third parties that relate to the scope of the claims or to their validity. Such challenges can be mounted in certain US District Court proceedings, post-grant review, ex parte re-examination, and inter partes review proceedings before the USPTO, or similar adversarial proceedings in other jurisdictions. If we are unsuccessful in any such challenge, the scope of our claims could be narrowed or could be invalidated. Any such outcome could impair our ability to exclude competitors from the market in those countries, potentially impacting our commercial success. Our patents may be subject to various challenges related to ownership and inventorship, including interference or derivation proceedings. Third parties may assert that they are inventors on our patents or that they are owners of the patents. While we perform inventorship analyses to insure that the correct inventors are listed on our patents, we cannot be certain that a court of competent jurisdiction would arrive at the same conclusions we do. If we are unsuccessful in defending against 55 Table of Contents ownership or inventorship challenges, a court may require us to list additional inventors, may invalidate the patent, or may transfer ownership, or vest joint ownership, of the patent to a third party. Any of these outcomes may harm our ability to exclude competitors and potentially impact our success. Further, if ownership is transferred to a third party we may be required to seek a license to those rights to preserve our exclusive ability to practice the invention. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain a license, we may be required to expend time, effort, and other resources to design around the patent. Any such license may be non-exclusive and if a competitor is able to obtain a license from the third party, our ability to exclude that competitor from the market may be negatively impacted. Even if we are ultimately successful, defending any such challenges may cause us to incur substantial expenses and may require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business. The scope, validity, and ownership of our trademark rights/registrations may be challenged in various venues in the U.S. and abroad and, if we do not prevail, our ability to exclude competitors from using and registering confusingly similar trademarks may be harmed, potentially reducing our ability to succeed commercially. We may be subject to a variety of challenges from third parties that relate to the validity of our trademark registrations in the U.S. and internationally. Such challenges can be mounted in trademark cancellation and opposition proceedings before the USPTO, or similar adversarial proceedings in other jurisdictions. If we are unsuccessful in any such challenge, our trademark registrations could be narrowed or could be refused or canceled. Any such outcome could impair our ability to exclude competitors from using a confusingly similar mark, potentially impacting our commercial success. Our trademark registrations may be subject to various challenges related to likelihood of confusion, use of a trademark in commerce, or other grounds in the U.S. and internationally. Third parties may assert that our trademarks infringe on their prior rights or that we are not using a trademark in a particular jurisdiction in connection with the goods/services identified in the trademark registration. While we perform trademark clearance searches and analysis to determine that we are not infringing upon the trademark rights of others, we cannot be certain that a court of competent jurisdiction would arrive at the same conclusions we do. If we are unsuccessful in defending against such challenges, a court may cancel our trademark registration and/or issue an injunction requiring that we cease use of the trademark. We may also not be able to rely on common law rights that we may have in any trademark. Any of these outcomes may potentially impact our commercial success. Even if we are ultimately successful, defending any such challenges may cause us to incur substantial expenses and may require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business. We may need to license intellectual property from third parties and, if our right to use the intellectual property we license is affected, our ability to develop and outlicense our vaccine candidates may be harmed. We have in the past, and we expect in the future to license intellectual property from third parties and that these licenses will be material to our business. We will not own the patents or patent applications that underlie these licenses, and we may not control either the prosecution or the enforcement of the patents. Under such circumstances, we may be forced to rely upon our licensors to properly prosecute and file those patent applications and prevent infringement of those patents. While many of the licenses under which we have rights provide us with rights in specified fields, the scope of our rights under these and other licenses may be subject to dispute by our licensors or third parties. In addition, our rights to use these technologies and practice the inventions claimed in the licensed patents and patent applications are subject to our licensors abiding by the terms of those licenses and not terminating them. Any of our licenses may be terminated by the licensor if we are in breach of a term or condition of the license agreement, or in certain other circumstances. Further, any disputes regarding obligations in licenses may require us to take expensive and time-consuming legal action to resolve, and, even if we are successful, may delay our ability to outlicense products and generate revenue. Further, if we are unable to resolve license issues that arise we may lose rights to practice intellectual property that is required to make, use, or sell products. Any such loss could compromise our development and commercialization efforts for current or future vaccine candidates and/or may require additional effort and expense to design around. 56 Table of Contents Our vaccine candidates and potential vaccine candidates will require several components that may each be the subject of a license agreement. The cumulative license fees and royalties for these components may make the commercialization efforts of these vaccine candidates uneconomical. If patent laws or the interpretation of patent laws change, our competitors may be able to develop and commercialize our discoveries. Important legal issues remain to be resolved as to the extent and scope of available patent protection for biopharmaceutical products and processes in the U.S. and other important markets outside the U.S., such as Europe and Japan. In addition, foreign markets may not provide the same level of patent protection as provided under the U.S. patent system. Litigation or administrative proceedings may be necessary to determine the validity and scope of certain of our and others’ proprietary rights. Any such litigation or proceeding may result in a significant commitment of resources in the future and could force us to do one or more of the following: cease selling or using any of our products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, which would adversely affect our revenue; obtain a license from the holder of the intellectual property right alleged to have been infringed, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; and redesign our products to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may be time-consuming or impossible to do. In addition, changes in, or different interpretations of, patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may result in patent laws that allow others to use our discoveries or develop and commercialize our products. We cannot provide assurance that the patents we obtain or the unpatented technology we hold will afford us significant commercial protection. In Europe, a new unitary patent system, which took effect on June 1, 2023, may significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of the new system. Under the new system, applicants can, upon grant of a patent, opt for that patent to become a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of a new Unitary Patent Court (“UPC”). Patents granted before the implementation of the new system can be opted out of UPC jurisdiction, remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC may be challenged in a single UPC-based revocation proceeding that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. Further, because the UPC is a new court system and there is no precedent for the court’s laws, there is increased uncertainty regarding the outcome of any patent litigation. We are unable to predict what impact the new patent regime may have on our ability to exclude competitors in the European market. In addition to changes in patents laws, geopolitical dynamics, including Russia’s incursion into Ukraine, may also impact our ability to obtain and enforce patents in particular jurisdictions. If we are unable to obtain and enforce patents as needed in particular markets, our ability to exclude competitors in those markets may be reduced. If we do not obtain patent term extension and/or patent term adjustment in the U.S. under the Hatch-Waxman Act and similar extensions in foreign countries, our ability to exclude competitors may be harmed. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the patent term is generally 20 years from the earliest U.S. non-provisional or international patent application filing date. Extensions of patent term may be available under certain circumstances, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of our vaccine candidates, patents protecting such vaccine candidates might expire before or shortly after such vaccine candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. If we do not have sufficient patent life to protect our products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. Depending upon the timing, duration and conditions of FDA marketing approval of our vaccine candidates, we may be eligible for a limited extension of the term of one patent that covers a marketed product under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, (the “Hatch-Waxman Amendments”) and similar legislation in the European Union and the United Kingdom. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended, and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. We may not be granted an extension for various reasons, including failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy other applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension granted could be less than we request. In addition, to the extent we wish to pursue patent term extension based on a patent that we in-license from a third party, we may need the cooperation of that third party. If we are unable to obtain a patent term extension, or the foreign equivalent, or the term of any 57 Table of Contents such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed.. Patent term covering our products may also be extended for time spent during the prosecution of the patent application in the USPTO. This extension is referred to as Patent Term Adjustment (“PTA”). The laws and regulations governing how the USPTO calculates the PTA is subject to change and changes in the law can reduce or increase any such PTA. Further, the PTA granted by the USPTO may be challenged by a third party. If we do not prevail under such a challenge, the PTA may be reduced or eliminated, shortening the patent term, which may negatively impact our ability to exclude competitors. Intellectual property rights do not necessarily provide protection against all competitive harm to our business. The degree of protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: • others may be able to make products that are similar to our product vaccine candidates or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we license or may own; • we or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our current or future patents; • we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications covering our or their inventions; • others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; • our pending and future patent applications that we own or may license may not lead to issued patents; • any issued patent that we own or license in the may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors or other third parties; • others may have access to the same intellectual property rights licensed to us in the future on a non-exclusive basis; • our competitors or other third parties might conduct research and development activities in countries where we or our licensors do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; • we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; • we may fail to identify potential patentable subject matter and/or may fail to file patent applications for such patentable subject matter; • the patents or other intellectual property rights of others may restrict our ability to conduct our business; and • we may choose not to file for patent protection in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent application covering such intellectual property or disclose information resulting in a loss of protection for such trade secret. Should any of the foregoing occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Information Technology Our business may be adversely affected if we do not successfully execute our business development initiatives. We anticipate growing through both internal development projects, such as our late-stage pipeline, Matrix-M™ technology and emerging, early-stage pipeline, and external opportunities, such as the entry into strategic alliances and collaborations. The availability of high quality opportunities is limited, and we may fail to identify candidates that we and our stockholders consider suitable or complete transactions on terms that prove advantageous. In order to pursue such opportunities, we may require significant additional financing, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. Strategic transactions involve many risks, including, among others, those related to diversion of management’s attention from 58 Table of Contents other business concerns, unanticipated expenses and liabilities, and increased complexity of our operations, which could prevent us from fully realizing expected synergies. Our global restructuring and cost reduction plans may disrupt our business. In May 2023, we announced a global restructuring and cost reduction plan. The planned workforce reduction included an approximately 25% reduction in our global workforce, comprised of an approximately 20% reduction in full-time Novavax employees and the remainder comprised of contractors and consultants. We realized the full annual impact of the cost savings in 2024. Additionally, in January 2024 we announced an additional 12% reduction of our global workforce, comprised of an additional 9% reduction in the Company’s full-time employees and the remainder comprised of contractors and consultants. We recorded an additional charge of $7.8 million related to one-time employee severance and benefit costs and $102.7 million costs related to the Impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December 31, 2025. We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits, savings and improvements in our cost structure from these efforts due to unforeseen difficulties, delays or unexpected costs. Our workforce reductions could yield unanticipated consequences, such as attrition beyond planned workforce reductions or disruptions in our day-to-day operations. Our global restructuring and cost reduction plan, including the reduction to our global workforce, could also harm our ability to attract and retain qualified management and development personnel who are critical to our business. If we are unable to realize the expected benefits from the restructuring and cost reduction plan, we may decide to undertake additional workforce reductions. Security breaches and other disruptions to our IT Systems or those of the

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and consultants. Global economic conditions may result in a disruption or delay in the performance of our third-party contractors and suppliers. If such third parties are unable to adequately satisfy their contractual commitments to us in a timely manner, our business could be adversely affected. Our existing collaboration, funding and supply agreements, including the Sanofi CLA and our APAs, do not assure success of our vaccine candidates or vaccines or that we will be able to fully fund our vaccine candidates or vaccines or our operations, and if we are unable to satisfy the performance obligations under such agreements, we may not be eligible to receive milestone payments under such agreements, the agreements may be terminated, the purchase commitments may be reduced or we may be required to refund advance payments. We have entered into, and may in the future enter into, collaboration, funding, supply and other agreements for our vaccines or vaccine candidates to help fund the development, manufacture and/or commercialization of our vaccines or vaccine candidates. Certain of these agreements may contain development, technology transfer, launch, sales and other milestones related to our vaccines or vaccine candidates pursuant to which we may be eligible to receive milestone payments upon the achievement of the requisite milestone. For example, we are eligible to receive future milestone payments under the Sanofi CLA totaling up to $350 million in the aggregate with respect to COVID-19 Vaccine products, of which $75 million remains outstanding for the completion of the technology transfer of the Company’s

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners could delay clinical development or marketing approval, and any related remedial measures may be costly or time consuming to implement. In addition, our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our vaccine candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any vaccines that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. Risks Related to Our Industry and Competition Many of our competitors have significantly greater resources and experience, which may negatively impact our commercial opportunities and those of our current and future licensees. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are subject to intense competition and rapid and significant technological change. We have many potential competitors, including major pharmaceutical companies, specialized biotechnology firms, academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial and technical resources, experience and expertise in: • research and development; • preclinical testing; • designing and implementing clinical trials; • regulatory processes and approvals; • production and manufacturing; and • sales and marketing of approved products. Principal competitive factors in our industry include: • the quality and breadth of an organization’s technology; • management of the organization and the execution of the organization’s strategy; 44 Table of Contents • the skill and experience of an organization’s employees and its ability to recruit and retain skilled and experienced employees; • an organization’s intellectual property portfolio; • the range of capabilities, from target identification and validation to drug discovery and development to manufacturing and marketing; and • the availability of substantial capital resources to fund discovery, development and commercialization activities. Large and established companies, such as Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, CSL Ltd., Sanofi Pasteur, SA, Pfizer Inc., AstraZeneca, and Moderna, among others, compete in the vaccine market. In particular, these companies have greater experience and expertise in securing government contracts and grants to support their research and development efforts, conducting testing and clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals to market products, manufacturing such products on a broad scale and marketing approved products. Smaller or early-stage companies and research institutions also may prove to be significant competitors, regardless of the diseases their product candidates target, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established pharmaceutical companies. As these companies develop their technologies, they may develop proprietary positions, which may prevent or limit our product development and commercialization efforts. We will also face competition from these parties in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and participant registration for clinical trials and in acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary to our programs or potentially advantageous to our business. If any of our competitors succeed in obtaining approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities for their products sooner than we do or for products that are more effective or less costly than ours, our commercial opportunity could be significantly reduced. In order to effectively compete, we will have to make substantial investments in development, testing, manufacturing and sales and marketing or partner with one or more established companies. We may not be successful in gaining significant market share for any vaccine. Our technologies and vaccines also may be rendered obsolete or non-competitive as a result of products introduced by our competitors to the marketplace more rapidly and at a lower cost. There is significant competition in the development of a vaccine against COVID-19 and a combined vaccine against COVID-19 and influenza, and we may never see returns on the significant resources we have devoted and may continue to devote to our vaccine candidates. Despite funding provided to us to date, and although we obtained regulatory approvals for our COVID-19 Vaccine, many of our competitors pursuing vaccine candidates have significantly greater development, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. Larger pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have extensive experience in clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approval for their products and may have the resources to heavily invest to accelerate discovery and development of their vaccine candidates. The success of our candidates will depend, in part, on their relative safety, efficacy (including against emerging variant strains), side effect profile, convenience, and cost. Furthermore, if any competitors are successful in producing a more efficacious vaccine or other treatment for the diseases we intend to target (including against emerging variant strains), or if any competitors are able to manufacture and distribute any such vaccines or treatments with greater efficiency there may be a diversion of potential governmental and other funding away from us and toward such other parties. Many seasonal influenza vaccines are currently approved and marketed. Competition in the sale of these seasonal influenza vaccines is intense. Therefore, newly developed and approved products must be differentiated from existing vaccines in order to have commercial success. In order to show differentiation in the seasonal influenza market, a product may need to be more efficacious, particularly in older adults, be less expensive or quicker to manufacture, or contain other differentiating characteristics, such as being combined with another vaccine. Many competitors are working on new products and new generations of current products, intended to be more efficacious than those currently marketed. Our CIC vaccine candidate may not prove to be more efficacious than current or future seasonal influenza products or future COVID-19 influenza combination products under development by our competitors. Further, our in-house or third-party manufacturing arrangements may not provide enough savings of time or money to provide the required differentiation for commercial success. 45 Table of Contents Risks Related to Regulatory and Compliance Matters The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our vaccine candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of our vaccine candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S. and by comparable foreign regulatory authorities in foreign markets. In the U.S., we are not permitted to market our vaccine candidates in the U.S. until we receive regulatory approval of a BLA from the FDA. The process of obtaining such regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the vaccine candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Approval policies or regulations may change, and the FDA and comparable regulatory have substantial discretion in the approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a vaccine candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of vaccine candidates, regulatory approval of a vaccine candidate is never guaranteed. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize a vaccine candidate in the U.S. or abroad, we must demonstrate with substantial evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that such vaccine candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses, and in the case of vaccines in the U.S., that such vaccine candidates are safe, pure and potent for their intended uses. Results from nonclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe available nonclinical or clinical data support the safety purity, potency, or efficacy of our vaccine candidates, such data may not be sufficient to obtain approval from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, as the case may be, may also require us to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials for our vaccine candidates either prior to or post-approval, or may object to elements of our clinical development program. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a vaccine candidate for many reasons, including: • such authorities may disagree with the design or execution of our clinical trials; • negative or ambiguous results from our clinical trials or results may not meet the level of statistical significance or persuasiveness required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies for approval; • serious and unexpected drug-related side effects may be experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using products similar to our vaccine candidates; • the population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval; • such authorities may not accept clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from that of their own country; • we may be unable to demonstrate that a vaccine candidate’s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; • such authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • such authorities may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials of our vaccine candidates are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of a BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere, and such authorities may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; • such authorities may disagree with us regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the product specifications of our vaccine candidates; • approval may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than those sought by us, and/or may include significant restrictions on distribution and use; 46 Table of Contents • such authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of the third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or • such authorities may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission. With respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and, in addition to the foregoing risks, may involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with pricing authorities. Where if we eventually complete clinical trials and receive approval of a BLA or comparable foreign marketing application for our vaccine candidates, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials and/or the implementation of a REMS, which may be required because the FDA believes it is necessary to ensure safe use of the product after approval. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval would delay or prevent commercialization of that vaccine candidate and would materially adversely impact our business and prospects. Where we receive regulatory approval for our vaccine candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our vaccine candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions on marketing or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our vaccine candidates, when and if any of them are approved. Any regulatory approvals that we may receive for our vaccine candidates will require the submission of reports to regulatory authorities, subject us to surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product, may contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. For example, the FDA may require a REMS as a condition of approval of our vaccine candidates, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our vaccine candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our products will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and similar foreign requirements, and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements or later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, may result in, among other things: • restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • restrictions on product distribution or use, or requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; • restrictions on our ability to conduct clinical trials, including full or partial clinical holds on clinical trials; • fines, restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenue, warning letters, untitled letters, adverse publicity requirements or holds on clinical trials; • refusal by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us or suspension or revocation of approvals; • product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our products; and • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our vaccine candidates and generate revenue and could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Moreover, the FDA’s and other regulatory authorities’ policies may change and additional government regulations may be promulgated that could prevent, limit or delay marketing authorization of any vaccine candidates we develop. For example, the Trump administration may issue executive orders or take other actions that could impose significant burdens on, 47 Table of Contents or otherwise materially delay, the FDA’s ability to engage in routine oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. The policies and priorities of a presidential administration could materially impact the regulations governing our vaccine candidates. In particular, the current DHHS Secretary, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., has previously issued statements expressing skepticism towards the safety and testing of pediatric vaccines, such as those we intend to develop, and has taken actions to modify certain committees and recommendations that could adversely affect the development, approval and/or commercialization of novel vaccines. For additional information, see the Risk Factor above entitled: “ Even if we successfully commercialize any of our vaccine candidates, either alone or in collaboration, we face uncertainty with respect to pricing, third-party reimbursement and healthcare reform, all of which could be subject to change, and could adversely affect any commercial success of our vaccine candidates. ” If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. Our vaccine candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a highly similar or “biosimilar” product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first approved by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first approved. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, the FDA may approve a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor’s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. We believe that any of our vaccine candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our vaccine candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for competition sooner than anticipated. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions could prevent us from marketing our products internationally. We intend to have our vaccine candidates developed and commercialized outside the U.S. In furtherance of this objective, we have entered into supply agreements with various foreign governments and international distribution agreements with commercial entities. In order to market our products in various countries globally, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing and data review. The time required to obtain foreign regulatory approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. Additionally, regulatory authorities outside the U.S. might not accept data from trials conducted in other countries. Approval by one regulatory agency does not ensure approval by regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in other jurisdictions, including approval by the FDA. The failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions could harm our business. We have conducted, continue to conduct and plan to conduct in the future, a number of clinical trials for our vaccine candidates at sites outside the U.S. and the U.S. FDA may not accept data from trials conducted in such locations. We have in the past conducted, and may in the future conduct one or more of our clinical trials or a portion of our clinical trials for our vaccine candidates outside the U.S. The acceptance of study data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the sole basis for regulatory approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to GCP regulations; and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA, or if the FDA considers such inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. In addition, even where the foreign study data are 48 Table of Contents not intended to serve as the sole basis for approval, if the study was not otherwise subject to an IND, the FDA will not accept the data as support for an application for regulatory approval unless the study is well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the FDA is able to validate the data from the study through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar requirements for clinical data gathered outside of their respective jurisdictions. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S. or the relevant jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it may result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in current or future vaccine candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other regulatory authorities could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise perform their normal functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our ability to develop or commercialize new products or services, access capital markets, or otherwise operate our business. The ability of the FDA and other regulatory authorities to review and approve new product applications is affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes, including those related to a change in presidential administration. For example, average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result of such factors. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, in recent years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough employees and stop or slow the pace of critical activities. In addition, the current U.S. Presidential administration has issued certain policies and Executive Orders directed towards reducing the employee headcount and costs associated with U.S. administrative agencies, including the FDA, which have led to substantial personnel changes, and it remains unclear the degree to which these efforts may limit or otherwise adversely affect the FDA’s ability to conduct routine activities. If a prolonged government shutdown or slowdown of the relevant regulatory authority occurs, or if funding shortages, staffing limitations or similar factors hinder or prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, such events, could significantly impact the ability of such government or authority to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Because we are subject to environmental, health and safety laws, we may be unable to conduct our business in the most advantageous manner. We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices, the experimental use of animals, emissions and wastewater discharges, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our research, including infectious disease agents. We also cannot accurately predict the extent of regulations that might result from any future legislative or administrative action. Any of these laws or regulations could cause us to incur additional expense or restrict our operations. Our facilities in Maryland are subject to various local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including chemicals, microorganisms and various hazardous compounds used in connection with our research and development activities. In the U.S., these laws include the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Test Substances Control Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Similar national and local regulations govern our facilities in Sweden and Switzerland. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or discharge or injury from these materials. Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials. We could be subject to civil damages in the event of an improper or unauthorized release of, or exposure of individuals to, these hazardous materials. In addition, claimants may sue us for injury or contamination that results from our use or the use by third parties of these materials, and our liability may exceed our total assets. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. 49 Table of Contents Although we have general liability insurance, these policies contain exclusions from insurance against claims arising from pollution from chemicals or pollution from conditions arising from our operations. Our collaborators are working with these types of hazardous materials in connection with our collaborations. In the event of a lawsuit or investigation, we could be held responsible for any injury we or our collaborators cause to persons or property by exposure to, or release of, any hazardous materials. For our vaccine candidates, we will be subject to additional healthcare laws and our failure to comply with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. Within the U.S. (and within foreign countries), if we obtain full approval for any of our vaccine candidates and begin commercializing them, our operations may be directly, or indirectly through our arrangements with third-party payors and customers, subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal and state governments (or the regulatory bodies or governments of foreign countries), which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we sell, market and distribute our products. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The applicable U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations (which may be comparable to foreign laws existing in foreign countries) that may affect our ability to operate include: • the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product marketing and promotion and prohibits manufacturers from marketing such products for unapproved uses; • the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce the referral for an item or service or the purchase order of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; • federal false claims laws, including the FCA, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, information or claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA; • manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to “cause” the submission of false or fraudulent claims; the FCA also permits a private individual acting as whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; • federal laws that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs; • the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the DHHS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 50 Table of Contents • the federal law known as HIPAA, which, in addition to privacy protections applicable to healthcare providers and other entities, prohibits executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; • federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; • state law equivalents of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers, and state gift ban and transparency laws, many of which state laws differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts; and • state laws restricting interactions with healthcare providers and other members of the healthcare community or requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to implement certain compliance standards. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights those actions, our business may be impaired. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to, on a corporate or individual basis, penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and even imprisonment, any of which could materially adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. In addition, the cost of implementing sufficient systems, controls, and processes to ensure compliance with all of the aforementioned laws could be significant. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert management’s attention from the operation of the company’s business. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, that person or entity may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect business in an adverse way. We are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, and other similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, as well as various trade laws and regulations (including economic sanctions, export laws, and customs laws), and our failure to comply with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws prohibit companies and their intermediaries from corruptly providing any payments or other benefits to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The U.S. Departments of Justice, Securities & Exchange Commission, Commerce, State and Treasury and other federal agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against corporations and individuals for violations of the FCPA, economic sanctions laws, export control laws, and other federal statutes and regulations, including those established by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC. In addition, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, or the Bribery Act, prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both private and public sectors. An organization that fails to prevent bribery by anyone associated with the organization can be charged under the Bribery Act unless the organization can establish the defense of having implemented adequate procedures to prevent bribery. 51 Table of Contents Similarly, U.S. and similar worldwide trade laws, including economic sanctions, export laws, and customs laws, regulate our ability to conduct business with certain jurisdictions and counterparties, and regulate the ways in which we may export and import products around the world. In connection with these laws, various government agencies may require us to obtain export licenses, and may impose modifications to business practices, including requiring the cessation of business activities in or with countries, entities, and individuals targeted with sanctions. The breadth and dynamic nature of these laws and regulations may increase compliance costs, and may subject us to fines. We have received a number of regulatory approvals in ex-U.S. jurisdictions and has commenced commercial operations in these international locations, including partnering with third-parties in certain higher-risk jurisdictions. Further, a portion of our business with respect to our manufacturing is conducted outside of the U.S. in higher-risk jurisdictions. We expect our international activities to increase in the future. Though we maintain policies, internal controls and other measures reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable anti-corruption and trade laws and regulations, our employees or agents may nevertheless engage in improper conduct for which we might be held responsible. Any violations of these anti-corruption or trade laws, or even allegations of such violations, can lead to an investigation and/or enforcement action, which could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, and lead to significant costs and expenses, including legal fees. If we, or our employees or agents acting on our behalf, are found to have engaged in practices that violate these laws and regulations, we could be subject to criminal and civil enforcement action, suffer severe fines and penalties, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation, bans on transacting government business, delisting from securities exchanges and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our reputation, our revenue or our stock price could be adversely affected if we become the subject of any negative publicity related to actual or potential violations of anti-corruption or trade laws and regulations. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property Our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope, ownership or control, and validity of intellectual property protections, to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. We rely, and may in the future rely, upon a combination of patent, trade secret and know-how for any of our current and future vaccine candidates, and proprietary technologies to prevent third parties from exploiting our achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. These legal measures afford only limited protection, and competitors or others may gain access to or use our intellectual property and proprietary information. Our success in large part depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope, ownership or control, and validity of intellectual property, to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology and other trade secrets in the United States and other countries. To do so, we must prosecute and maintain existing patents, obtain new patents and pursue trade secret and other intellectual property protection. We also must operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third-parties or allowing third-parties to infringe our rights. We currently have or have rights to over 832 U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications covering our technologies. However, patent issues relating to pharmaceuticals and biologics involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. To date, no consistent policy has emerged regarding the breadth of biotechnology patent claims that are granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) or similar patent offices in other countries or enforced by the federal courts or agencies in the United States or the courts or administrative bodies in other countries. Therefore, we do not know whether any particular patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, or that any patents issued to us will provide us with any competitive advantage. We also cannot be sure that we will develop additional proprietary products that are patentable. Furthermore, there is a risk that others will independently develop or duplicate similar technology or products or circumvent the patents issued to us. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, the USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with certain foreign filing requirements during the patent application process. In some circumstances, we are dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse in compliance with these requirements can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application or can be grounds for revoking or invalidating an issued patent, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 52 Table of Contents In addition, we may experience difficulties in enforcing the intellectual property rights in output generated by generative AI Technologies (as defined below). The United States Copyright Office has previously denied copyright protection for content generated by AI Technologies, and the United States Patent and Trademark Office has similarly stated that an AI tool cannot be an “inventor” of a patent, rendering it impossible to obtain patent protection for inventions created solely by AI Technologies. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom has reached a similar conclusion, stating that AI systems cannot be named as an “inventor” for UK patent law purposes. If we are unable to obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope, ownership or control, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property protection, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. In addition to seeking patent protection for our products, vaccine candidates and proprietary technologies, we may rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our know-how, technology, and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality provisions in agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, licensees, third party collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and advisors. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into applicable agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. We cannot guarantee that any potential trade secrets and other proprietary and confidential information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to trade secrets. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we may have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Furthermore, others may independently discover similar trade secrets and proprietary information. We may also need to share our trade secrets and proprietary know-how with current or future partners, collaborators, contractors and others located in countries at heightened risk of theft of trade secrets, including through direct intrusion by private parties or foreign actors, and those affiliated with or controlled by state actors. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the U.S. and abroad. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed or misappropriated or if any such information were to be independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position could be materially and adversely harmed. We may be subject to claims that third parties have an ownership interest in our trade secrets. For example, we may have disputes arise from conflicting obligations of our employees, consultants, advisors or others who are involved in our research and development activities or developing our vaccine candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging ownership of our trade secrets. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable trade secret rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, trade secrets that are important to our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our former employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators may wrongfully disclose our trade secrets or we may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors have misappropriated alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. Although our patent filings include claims covering various features of our vaccine candidates, including composition, methods of manufacture and use, our patents do not provide us with complete protection against the development of competing products. Some of our know-how and technology is not patentable. To protect our proprietary rights in unpatentable intellectual property and trade secrets, we require employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know- 53 Table of Contents how or other proprietary information, and such risk has been enhanced by the departure of employees in connection with our global restructuring and cost reduction plan. Some of our employees, consultants and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual’s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management. In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, enforcing and defending patents on our products and vaccine candidates in all countries throughout the world is expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Prosecution of foreign patent applications is often a longer process and patents may grant at a later date, and may have a shorter term, than in the U.S. The requirements for patentability differ in certain jurisdictions and countries. Additionally, the patent laws of some countries do not afford intellectual property protection to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. For example, other countries may impose substantial restrictions on the scope of claims, including limiting patent protection to specifically disclosed embodiments. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our intellectual property in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our intellectual property in jurisdictions where we have not pursued and obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our products, and our current or future owned or licensed patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our owned or licensed patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. In addition, some jurisdictions may have a heightened standard for patentability than in the U.S., including, for example, the requirement of claims having literal support in the original patent filing and the limitation on using supporting data that is not in the original patent filing. Under those heightened patentability requirements, we may not be able to obtain sufficient patent protection in certain jurisdictions even though the same or similar patent protection can be secured in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Failure to obtain trademark registrations for proposed product names/brands, in the U.S. or abroad, may adversely impact our business. Trademark registration to protect the trademarks for our proposed products will require approval from the USPTO in the U.S. and in trademark offices throughout the world in our key markets. The USPTO or a trademark office in a key international jurisdiction may refuse registration of any of our trademarks on a variety of potential grounds. If registration is not granted to one of our trademarks in the U.S. or in another key international jurisdiction, we may be required to adopt an alternative name for that proposed product. If we adopt an alternative name, we may lose the benefit of any existing trademark applications for such developmental candidate and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA and other regulatory authorities. 54 Table of Contents Third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual property rights. Our research, development and commercialization activities, including any vaccine candidates resulting from these activities, may be found to infringe patents or trademarks owned by third-parties and to which we do not hold licenses or other rights. There may be rights we are not aware of, including applications that have been filed, but not published that, when issued, could be asserted against us. These third-parties could bring claims against us, and that may cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent or trademark infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the product or biologic drug candidate that is the subject of the suit. As a result of patent or trademark infringement claims, or in order to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from the third party. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be non- exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent or trademark infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. All of the issues described above could also impact our collaborators, which would also impact the success of the collaboration and therefore us. There has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent, trademark, and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. We may become involved in litigation to defend or enforce our intellectual property or the intellectual property of our collaborators or licensors, which could be expensive and time-consuming. Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our collaborators or licensors. As a result, we may be required to file patent infringement suits to prevent unauthorized uses. This can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover its technology. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceeding could put one or more of our, or our collaborators’ or licensors’, patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our, or our collaborators’ or licensors’, patent applications at the risk of not issuing. Competitors may infringe our trademarks or the trademarks of collaborators or licensors. As a result, we may be required to file suit to counter infringement for unauthorized use of an identical or confusingly similar trademark. This can be expensive and time-consuming. Even if we are successful, litigation may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management. Even with a broad portfolio, we may not be able, alone or with our collaborators and licensors, to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the U.S. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our common stock could be significantly harmed. The scope, validity, and ownership of our patent claims may be challenged in various venues and, if we do not prevail, our ability to exclude competitors may be harmed, potentially reducing our ability to succeed commercially. We may be subject to a variety of challenges from third parties that relate to the scope of the claims or to their validity. Such challenges can be mounted in certain US District Court proceedings, post-grant review, ex parte re-examination, and inter partes review proceedings before the USPTO, or similar adversarial proceedings in other jurisdictions. If we are unsuccessful in any such challenge, the scope of our claims could be narrowed or could be invalidated. Any such outcome could impair our ability to exclude competitors from the market in those countries, potentially impacting our commercial success. Our patents may be subject to various challenges related to ownership and inventorship, including interference or derivation proceedings. Third parties may assert that they are inventors on our patents or that they are owners of the patents. While we perform inventorship analyses to insure that the correct inventors are listed on our patents, we cannot be certain that a court of competent jurisdiction would arrive at the same conclusions we do. If we are unsuccessful in defending against 55 Table of Contents ownership or inventorship challenges, a court may require us to list additional inventors, may invalidate the patent, or may transfer ownership, or vest joint ownership, of the patent to a third party. Any of these outcomes may harm our ability to exclude competitors and potentially impact our success. Further, if ownership is transferred to a third party we may be required to seek a license to those rights to preserve our exclusive ability to practice the invention. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain a license, we may be required to expend time, effort, and other resources to design around the patent. Any such license may be non-exclusive and if a competitor is able to obtain a license from the third party, our ability to exclude that competitor from the market may be negatively impacted. Even if we are ultimately successful, defending any such challenges may cause us to incur substantial expenses and may require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business. The scope, validity, and ownership of our trademark rights/registrations may be challenged in various venues in the U.S. and abroad and, if we do not prevail, our ability to exclude competitors from using and registering confusingly similar trademarks may be harmed, potentially reducing our ability to succeed commercially. We may be subject to a variety of challenges from third parties that relate to the validity of our trademark registrations in the U.S. and internationally. Such challenges can be mounted in trademark cancellation and opposition proceedings before the USPTO, or similar adversarial proceedings in other jurisdictions. If we are unsuccessful in any such challenge, our trademark registrations could be narrowed or could be refused or canceled. Any such outcome could impair our ability to exclude competitors from using a confusingly similar mark, potentially impacting our commercial success. Our trademark registrations may be subject to various challenges related to likelihood of confusion, use of a trademark in commerce, or other grounds in the U.S. and internationally. Third parties may assert that our trademarks infringe on their prior rights or that we are not using a trademark in a particular jurisdiction in connection with the goods/services identified in the trademark registration. While we perform trademark clearance searches and analysis to determine that we are not infringing upon the trademark rights of others, we cannot be certain that a court of competent jurisdiction would arrive at the same conclusions we do. If we are unsuccessful in defending against such challenges, a court may cancel our trademark registration and/or issue an injunction requiring that we cease use of the trademark. We may also not be able to rely on common law rights that we may have in any trademark. Any of these outcomes may potentially impact our commercial success. Even if we are ultimately successful, defending any such challenges may cause us to incur substantial expenses and may require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business. We may need to license intellectual property from third parties and, if our right to use the intellectual property we license is affected, our ability to develop and outlicense our vaccine candidates may be harmed. We have in the past, and we expect in the future to license intellectual property from third parties and that these licenses will be material to our business. We will not own the patents or patent applications that underlie these licenses, and we may not control either the prosecution or the enforcement of the patents. Under such circumstances, we may be forced to rely upon our licensors to properly prosecute and file those patent applications and prevent infringement of those patents. While many of the licenses under which we have rights provide us with rights in specified fields, the scope of our rights under these and other licenses may be subject to dispute by our licensors or third parties. In addition, our rights to use these technologies and practice the inventions claimed in the licensed patents and patent applications are subject to our licensors abiding by the terms of those licenses and not terminating them. Any of our licenses may be terminated by the licensor if we are in breach of a term or condition of the license agreement, or in certain other circumstances. Further, any disputes regarding obligations in licenses may require us to take expensive and time-consuming legal action to resolve, and, even if we are successful, may delay our ability to outlicense products and generate revenue. Further, if we are unable to resolve license issues that arise we may lose rights to practice intellectual property that is required to make, use, or sell products. Any such loss could compromise our development and commercialization efforts for current or future vaccine candidates and/or may require additional effort and expense to design around. 56 Table of Contents Our vaccine candidates and potential vaccine candidates will require several components that may each be the subject of a license agreement. The cumulative license fees and royalties for these components may make the commercialization efforts of these vaccine candidates uneconomical. If patent laws or the interpretation of patent laws change, our competitors may be able to develop and commercialize our discoveries. Important legal issues remain to be resolved as to the extent and scope of available patent protection for biopharmaceutical products and processes in the U.S. and other important markets outside the U.S., such as Europe and Japan. In addition, foreign markets may not provide the same level of patent protection as provided under the U.S. patent system. Litigation or administrative proceedings may be necessary to determine the validity and scope of certain of our and others’ proprietary rights. Any such litigation or proceeding may result in a significant commitment of resources in the future and could force us to do one or more of the following: cease selling or using any of our products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, which would adversely affect our revenue; obtain a license from the holder of the intellectual property right alleged to have been infringed, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; and redesign our products to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may be time-consuming or impossible to do. In addition, changes in, or different interpretations of, patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may result in patent laws that allow others to use our discoveries or develop and commercialize our products. We cannot provide assurance that the patents we obtain or the unpatented technology we hold will afford us significant commercial protection. In Europe, a new unitary patent system, which took effect on June 1, 2023, may significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of the new system. Under the new system, applicants can, upon grant of a patent, opt for that patent to become a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of a new Unitary Patent Court (“UPC”). Patents granted before the implementation of the new system can be opted out of UPC jurisdiction, remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC may be challenged in a single UPC-based revocation proceeding that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. Further, because the UPC is a new court system and there is no precedent for the court’s laws, there is increased uncertainty regarding the outcome of any patent litigation. We are unable to predict what impact the new patent regime may have on our ability to exclude competitors in the European market. In addition to changes in patents laws, geopolitical dynamics, including Russia’s incursion into Ukraine, may also impact our ability to obtain and enforce patents in particular jurisdictions. If we are unable to obtain and enforce patents as needed in particular markets, our ability to exclude competitors in those markets may be reduced. If we do not obtain patent term extension and/or patent term adjustment in the U.S. under the Hatch-Waxman Act and similar extensions in foreign countries, our ability to exclude competitors may be harmed. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the patent term is generally 20 years from the earliest U.S. non-provisional or international patent application filing date. Extensions of patent term may be available under certain circumstances, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of our vaccine candidates, patents protecting such vaccine candidates might expire before or shortly after such vaccine candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. If we do not have sufficient patent life to protect our products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. Depending upon the timing, duration and conditions of FDA marketing approval of our vaccine candidates, we may be eligible for a limited extension of the term of one patent that covers a marketed product under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, (the “Hatch-Waxman Amendments”) and similar legislation in the European Union and the United Kingdom. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended, and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. We may not be granted an extension for various reasons, including failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy other applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension granted could be less than we request. In addition, to the extent we wish to pursue patent term extension based on a patent that we in-license from a third party, we may need the cooperation of that third party. If we are unable to obtain a patent term extension, or the foreign equivalent, or the term of any 57 Table of Contents such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed.. Patent term covering our products may also be extended for time spent during the prosecution of the patent application in the USPTO. This extension is referred to as Patent Term Adjustment (“PTA”). The laws and regulations governing how the USPTO calculates the PTA is subject to change and changes in the law can reduce or increase any such PTA. Further, the PTA granted by the USPTO may be challenged by a third party. If we do not prevail under such a challenge, the PTA may be reduced or eliminated, shortening the patent term, which may negatively impact our ability to exclude competitors. Intellectual property rights do not necessarily provide protection against all competitive harm to our business. The degree of protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: • others may be able to make products that are similar to our product vaccine candidates or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we license or may own; • we or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our current or future patents; • we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications covering our or their inventions; • others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; • our pending and future patent applications that we own or may license may not lead to issued patents; • any issued patent that we own or license in the may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors or other third parties; • others may have access to the same intellectual property rights licensed to us in the future on a non-exclusive basis; • our competitors or other third parties might conduct research and development activities in countries where we or our licensors do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; • we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; • we may fail to identify potential patentable subject matter and/or may fail to file patent applications for such patentable subject matter; • the patents or other intellectual property rights of others may restrict our ability to conduct our business; and • we may choose not to file for patent protection in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent application covering such intellectual property or disclose information resulting in a loss of protection for such trade secret. Should any of the foregoing occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Information Technology Our business may be adversely affected if we do not successfully execute our business development initiatives. We anticipate growing through both internal development projects, such as our late-stage pipeline, Matrix-M™ technology and emerging, early-stage pipeline, and external opportunities, such as the entry into strategic alliances and collaborations. The availability of high quality opportunities is limited, and we may fail to identify candidates that we and our stockholders consider suitable or complete transactions on terms that prove advantageous. In order to pursue such opportunities, we may require significant additional financing, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. Strategic transactions involve many risks, including, among others, those related to diversion of management’s attention from 58 Table of Contents other business concerns, unanticipated expenses and liabilities, and increased complexity of our operations, which could prevent us from fully realizing expected synergies. Our global restructuring and cost reduction plans may disrupt our business. In May 2023, we announced a global restructuring and cost reduction plan. The planned workforce reduction included an approximately 25% reduction in our global workforce, comprised of an approximately 20% reduction in full-time Novavax employees and the remainder comprised of contractors and consultants. We realized the full annual impact of the cost savings in 2024. Additionally, in January 2024 we announced an additional 12% reduction of our global workforce, comprised of an additional 9% reduction in the Company’s full-time employees and the remainder comprised of contractors and consultants. We recorded an additional charge of $7.8 million related to one-time employee severance and benefit costs and $102.7 million costs related to the Impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December 31, 2025. We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits, savings and improvements in our cost structure from these efforts due to unforeseen difficulties, delays or unexpected costs. Our workforce reductions could yield unanticipated consequences, such as attrition beyond planned workforce reductions or disruptions in our day-to-day operations. Our global restructuring and cost reduction plan, including the reduction to our global workforce, could also harm our ability to attract and retain qualified management and development personnel who are critical to our business. If we are unable to realize the expected benefits from the restructuring and cost reduction plan, we may decide to undertake additional workforce reductions. Security breaches and other disruptions to our IT Systems or those of the vendors on whom we rely could compromise our information and expose us to liability, reputational damage, or other costs. We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites and networks for both internal and external operations that are critical to our business (collectively, “IT Systems”). We own and manage some of these IT Systems but also rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services. In the ordinary course of our business, we and many of our current and future strategic partners, vendors, contractors, and consultants collect, maintain and process data about customers, employees, business partners and others, including information about individuals, as well as proprietary business information and data about our clinical participants, suppliers and business partners, including sensitive personally identifiable information (collectively, “Confidential Information”). We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and Confidential Information, including from diverse threat actors with a wide range of motives and expertise, including nation-states, organized criminal groups, opportunistic hackers and “hacktivists,” patient groups, disgruntled current or former employees and others, as well as through diverse attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error, and as a result of malicious code embedded in open-source software, or misconfigurations, bugs or other vulnerabilities in commercial software that is integrated into our (or our suppliers’ or service providers’) IT Systems, products or services.. Remote and hybrid working arrangements at our company (and at many third-party providers) also increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks. Additionally, any integration of artificial intelligence in our or any service providers’ operations, products or services is expected to pose new or unknown cybersecurity risks and challenges. Our ongoing operating activities also depend on functioning IT Systems. We are required to expend significant resources in an effort to protect against security incidents, and may be required or choose to spend additional resources or modify our business activities, particularly where required by applicable data privacy and security laws or regulations or industry standards. Cyberattacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and frequency (and at times involve advanced techniques and tools such as artificial intelligence). As a result, we may be unable to detect, investigate, remediate or recover from future attacks or incidents, or to avoid a material adverse impact to our IT Systems, Confidential Information or business. Despite our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, our IT Systems and Confidential Information and those of our vendors and partners are not immune to such attacks or breaches. Any such attack could result in a material compromise of our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or rendered permanently or temporarily inaccessible. Furthermore, given the nature of complex systems, software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we deploy across our networks and products, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. We may not promptly discover a system intrusion and we are unable to comprehensively apply patches or confirm that measures are in place to mitigate all such vulnerabilities, or that patches will be applied before vulnerabilities are exploited by a threat actor. 59 Table of Contents Like other companies in our industry, we have and third parties with connections to our systems or with data relevant to our business have experienced attacks on our data and systems, including malware and computer viruses. Additionally, we partner with sites that store our clinical trial data, and their systems are also subject to the risk of cyberattacks, disruptions, or other security incidents. Attacks could have a material impact on our business, operations or financial results. Any adverse impact to the availability, integrity or confidentiality of our IT Systems or Confidential Information could result in reputational, business, and competitive harms, significant costs related to remediation and strengthening our cyber defenses, legal claims or proceedings (including class actions), governmental investigations and enforcement actions, fines, penalties, liability including under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and increased insurance premiums, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. We also may need to pay a ransom if a “ransomware” infection prevents access or use of our systems and we may face reputational and other harms in addition to the cost of the ransom if an attacker steals certain critical data in the course of such an attack. Finally, we cannot guarantee that any costs and liabilities incurred in relation to an attack or incident will be covered by our existing insurance policies or that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. Compliance with global privacy and data security requirements could result in additional costs and liabilities or inhibit our ability to collect and process data globally, and our failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions, fines, and other harms which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. Evolving state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and industry standards regarding privacy and security apply to our collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data. Privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements, which increases the costs incurred by us in complying with such laws, which may be substantial. For example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the "EU GDPR") and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (the “UK GDPR”) (the EU GDPR and UK GDPR together referred to as the “GDPR”),, impose a broad array of requirements for processing personal data, including elevated disclosure requirements regarding collection and use of such data, requirements that companies allow individuals to exercise data protection rights such as their right to obtain copies or demand deletion of personal data held by those companies, limitations on retention of information, and public disclosure of significant data breaches, among other things. The GDPR provides for substantial penalties for non-compliance of up to the greater of €20 million / £17.5 million or 4% of global annual revenue for the preceding financial year. Furthermore, transferring personal data across international borders is complex and subject to legal and regulatory requirements as well as active litigation and enforcement in a number of jurisdictions around the world, each of which could have an adverse impact on our ability to process and transfer personal data as part of our business operations. For example, the EU GDPR and UK GDPR impose strict restrictions surrounding the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EEA and the UK respectively. Case law from the Court of Justice of the European Union states that reliance on the standard contractual clauses - a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism - alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances and that transfers must be assessed on a case-by-case basis. We expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international personal data transfers to continue, and international transfers to the United States, China, and to other jurisdictions more generally to continue to be subject to enhanced scrutiny by regulators. As the regulatory guidance and enforcement landscape in relation to data transfers continue to develop, we could suffer additional costs; we may have to make operational changes; and/or it could otherwise affect the manner in which we operate our business, and could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. The U.S. has also enacted the Protecting Americans’ Data from Foreign Adversaries Act of 2024 which establishes new restrictions on transfers of certain personally identifiable sensitive data to foreign adversary countries and entities controlled by a foreign adversary. Similarly, in 2024, the National Security Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) issued a new rule—referred to as the “Data Security Program” (DSP)—to implement Executive Order 14117 aimed at preventing access to “bulk U.S. sensitive personal data” and “government-related data” by “countries of concern” (including China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, Cuba, and Venezuela) and “covered persons” (as all such terms are defined in the DSP). Effective as of April 8, 2025, and fully enforceable as of July 9, 2025, the DSP imposes stringent obligations on companies within its scope and prohibits or restricts “covered data transactions” that grant countries of concern or covered persons access to bulk U.S. sensitive personal data or any amount of government-related data. The DSP is new, complex and has yet to be enforced, and as such, there is a risk that our interpretation of its applicability, scope, and requirements is incorrect, incomplete, or misapplied.. If other countries implement more restrictive regulations for cross-border data transfers or do not permit data to leave the country of origin, such developments could adversely impact our business and our enterprise customers’ business, our financial condition and our results of operations in those jurisdictions. 60 Table of Contents Privacy laws and regulations are also expanding in the U.S. In the U.S., HIPAA imposes, among other things, certain standards relating to the privacy, security, transmission and breach reporting of individually identifiable health information. Certain states have also adopted other privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the privacy, processing and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to significant penalties if we violate HIPAA. Such laws and regulations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our future customers and strategic partners. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the CCPA) requires covered businesses that process the personal information of California residents to, among other things: (i) provide certain disclosures to California consumers regarding the business’s collection, use, and disclosure of their personal information; (ii) receive and respond to requests from California residents to access, delete, and correct their personal information, or to opt out of certain disclosures of their personal information; and (iii) enter into specific contractual provisions with service providers that process California resident personal information on the business’s behalf.. Like the GDPR, the CCPA establishes potentially significant penalties for violation. In addition, a number of other states have passed similar comprehensive privacy laws that have taken effect, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. We also expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions, including specific health-data related laws. For example, Washington State enacted the Washington My Health My Data Act which broadly defines consumer health data, creates a private right of action to allow individuals to sue for violations of the law, imposes stringent consent requirements and grants consumers certain rights with respect to their health data, including to request deletion of their information. Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and many state Attorneys General continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. In addition, we use artificial intelligence, machine learning and automated decision-making technologies (collectively, “AI Technologies”) in our business. The regulatory framework for AI Technologies is rapidly evolving as many federal, state, and foreign government bodies and agencies have introduced or are currently considering additional laws and regulations. Additionally, existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in ways that would affect the operation of AI Technologies. As a result, implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we cannot yet determine the impact future laws, regulations, standards, or market perception of their requirements may have on our business and may not always be able to anticipate how to respond to these laws or regulations. It is possible that new laws and regulations will be adopted in the United States and in other non-U.S. jurisdictions, or that existing laws and regulations, including competition and antitrust laws, may be interpreted in ways that would limit our ability to use AI Technologies for our business, or require us to change the way we use AI Technologies in a manner that negatively affects the performance of our products, services, and business and the way in which we use AI Technologies. We may need to expend resources to adjust our products or services in certain jurisdictions if the laws, regulations, or decisions are not consistent across jurisdictions. Further, the cost to comply with such laws, regulations, or decisions and/or guidance interpreting existing laws, could be significant and would increase our operating expenses (such as by imposing additional reporting obligations regarding our use of AI Technologies). Such an increase in operating expenses, as well as any actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, divert resources from other initiatives and projects and could restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, than federal or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts. State laws are changing rapidly and there is ongoing discussion in Congress of a new federal data protection and privacy law to which we may be subject. We will need to evaluate and update our privacy program to seek to comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, and we expect to incur additional expenses in our effort to comply. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations and other requirements relating to the privacy, security and handling of information could result in legal claims or proceedings (including class actions), regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. 61 Table of Contents Collaborations and contracts of our wholly owned subsidiary Novavax AB with partners such as Sanofi, with regional partners, such as SII, Takeda and SK bioscience, as well as with international providers, expose us to additional risks associated with doing business outside the U.S. Swedish-based Novavax AB is a wholly owned subsidiary of Novavax, Inc. We also have entered into the Sanofi CLA, a supply and license agreement with SII, collaboration and license agreements with each of Takeda and SK bioscience and other agreements and arrangements with foreign governments and companies in other countries. We plan to continue to enter into collaborations or partnerships with companies, non-profit organizations and local governments in various parts of the world. Risks of conducting business outside the U.S. include negative consequences of: • the costs associated with seeking to comply with multiple regulatory requirements that govern our ability to develop, manufacture and sell products in local markets; • failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions; • new or changes in interpretations of existing trade measures, including tariffs, embargoes, sanctions, import restrictions, and export licensing requirements; • difficulties in and costs of staffing, managing and operating our international operations; • changes in environmental, health and safety laws; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; • new or changes in interpretations of existing tax laws; • political instability and actual or anticipated military or potential conflicts (including, without limitation, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, Israel and Hamas, and a wider European or global conflict); • economic instability, inflation, recession and interest rate fluctuations; • minimal or diminished protection of intellectual property in many jurisdictions; and • possible nationalization and expropriation. These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to attract or retain key management or other personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We depend on our senior executive officers, as well as key scientific and other personnel. The loss of these individuals or our failure to implement an appropriate succession plan could harm our business and significantly delay or prevent the achievement of research, development or business objectives. Turnover in key executive positions resulting in lack of management continuity and long-term history with our Company could result in operational and administrative inefficiencies and added costs. These risks have increased since our global restructuring and cost reduction plan and related workforce reduction implemented in May 2023 and January 2024, which increased the risk that we will lose technical know-how or other trade secrets as experienced personnel depart. We may not be able to attract qualified individuals for key positions on terms acceptable to us. Competition for qualified employees is intense among pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and the loss of qualified employees, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees could hinder our ability to complete clinical trials successfully and otherwise develop marketable products. 62 Table of Contents We also rely from time to time on outside advisors who assist us in formulating our research and development and clinical strategy. We may not be able to attract and retain these individuals on acceptable terms, which could delay our development efforts. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Servicing our 4.625% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 and our 5.00% Convertible Secured Notes due 2027 requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow to pay our debt. As of December 31, 2025, we had $26.5 million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes and $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes outstanding. On February 25, 2026, we entered into a Credit, Security, and Guaranty Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) and borrowed $50.0 million thereunder. We have the ability to incur additional indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate based on a floating benchmark rate plus a margin, which exposes us to interest rate volatility which could increase our use of cash to pay interest. The term loans under the Credit Agreement mature in 2031 and are interest‑only until maturity, which concentrates principal repayment obligations at maturity. The Credit Agreement includes prepayment premiums of up to 3% on certain voluntary repayments, which could increase the cost of refinancing or reducing our indebtedness. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes and borrowing under the Credit Agreement, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. If we cannot generate cash flow from operations sufficient to service our scheduled debt obligations and make necessary capital expenditures we may need to refinance our debt, sell assets, or obtain additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness at maturity, unless earlier converted, redeemed, repurchased, or repaid, will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations, and limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business. We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the Notes as required upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to repurchase the Notes. Holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their Notes for cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. A fundamental change may also constitute an event of default or prepayment under, and result in the acceleration of the maturity of, our then-existing indebtedness. We cannot assure that we will have sufficient financial resources, or will be able to arrange financing, to pay the fundamental change repurchase price in cash with respect to any Notes surrendered by holders for repurchase upon a fundamental change. In addition, restrictions in our Credit Agreement do not allow, and restrictions in any other then existing credit facilities or other indebtedness, if any, may not allow, us to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change. Our failure to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change when required would result in an event of default pursuant to the indenture governing the Notes which could, in turn, constitute a default under the terms of the Credit Agreement and our other indebtedness, if any. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay all of the indebtedness and repurchase the Notes. Despite current indebtedness levels, we may incur substantially more indebtedness, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our indebtedness. We may incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. If new debt is added to our current indebtedness levels, the related risks that we face could intensify. Our Credit Agreement contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. We entered into a Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) with MidCap Financial Trust, as administrative agent (“Agent”), and the lenders from time to time party thereto (the “Lenders”). The Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility of up to $330.0 million, of which $50.0 million was borrowed at closing. The Credit Agreement contains various covenants, including covenants regarding minimum cash and royalty revenue amounts, and restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things: • incur additional indebtedness or liens; 63 Table of Contents • make certain investments or acquisitions; • make certain restricted payments; • enter into affiliate transactions; and • consolidate, merge, sell assets or engage in change of control transactions, in each case subject to customary exceptions and limitations. In the event that we breach one or more covenants under the Credit Agreement, the Agent may choose to declare an event of default and require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding plus accrued interest, and foreclose on the collateral granted to it to secure such indebtedness. Such repayment could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Because our stock price has been and will likely continue to be highly volatile, the market price of our common stock may be lower or more volatile than expected. Our stock price has been highly volatile. From January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025, the closing sale price of our common stock has been as low as $5.95 per share and as high as $9.58 per share. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. For example, the trading prices of biopharmaceutical companies in particular have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and increased interest rates. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our common stock to be lower or more volatile than expected. Furthermore, given the current presidential administration’s policies on vaccines, information in the public arena on this topic, whether or not accurate, has had and will likely continue to have an outsized impact (positive or negative) on our stock price. Information related to our development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization efforts with respect to our COVID-19 Vaccine, or information regarding such efforts by competitors with respect to their COVID-19 Vaccines and vaccine candidates, may meaningfully impact our stock price. As a result of this volatility, you may not be able to sell your common stock at or above your initial purchase price. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many other factors, including: • future announcements about us or our collaborators or competitors, including the results of testing, technological innovations or new commercial products; • clinical trial results; • delays in making regulatory submissions; • depletion of our cash reserves; • sale of equity securities or issuance of additional debt; • announcement by us of significant strategic partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, capital commitments or acquisitions; • changes in government regulations; • impact of competitor successes and in particular development success of vaccine candidates that compete with our own vaccine candidates; • developments in our relationships with our collaboration and funding partners; • announcements relating to health care reform and reimbursement levels for new vaccines and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless of accuracy; 64 Table of Contents • sales of substantial amounts of our stock by us or existing stockholders (including stock by insiders or 5% stockholders); • development, spread or new announcements related to pandemic diseases; • litigation; • public concern as to the safety of our products; • significant set-backs or concerns with the industry or the market as a whole; • regulatory inquiries, reviews and potential action, including from the U.S. FDA or the SEC; • demand for bivalent vaccines; • recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates; and • the other factors described in this

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials under related agreements with SII. In May 2024, we and SLS entered into a supply agreement (the “SLS Supply Agreement”) under which SLS agreed to supply us with antigen drug substance and finished COVID-19 Vaccine doses. The SLS Supply Agreement includes the general terms and conditions of supply orders between us and SLS. We and SLS execute firm purchase orders, which include specific quantities to be delivered under the SLS Supply Agreement. We agreed to supply SLS with all Matrix-M™ adjuvant needed to manufacture finished COVID-19 Vaccine doses. In June 2025, we announced results of the initial cohort of our clinical study for its influenza and CIC vaccine candidates with the intent of partnering these programs. Under the SII R21 Agreement, SII purchases our Matrix-M™ adjuvant for use in development activities at cost and for commercial purposes at a tiered commercial supply price, and pays a royalty in the single-to low- double-digit range based on vaccine sales for a period of 15 years after the first commercial sale of the vaccine in each country. Manufacturing and Supply We are committed to discovering, developing, and commercializing innovative vaccines to prevent serious infectious diseases directly and by leveraging our strategic global partnerships. In 2025, our global manufacturing footprint was consistent with our contractual obligations to supply, and anticipated demand for COVID-19 Vaccine and Matrix-M™ adjuvant, and expected supply needs of Sanofi for both COVID-19 Vaccine products and Matrix-M™ intermediary components for use under the Sanofi CLA. A summary of our key manufacturing and supply arrangements follows: Matrix-M™ Adjuvant We manufacture our proprietary saponin-based Matrix-M™ adjuvant at our Novavax AB facility in Uppsala, Sweden. We also have contract manufacturing arrangements with AGC Biologics and the Polypeptide Group to provide contract development and manufacturing services, supplying us with large-scale production of Matrix-M™ adjuvant. Antigen Component of COVID-19 Vaccine We have a supply agreement with SII and SLS for the manufacture of the antigen component of COVID-19 Vaccine and the co-formulation, fill, and finishing of the finished vaccine product. In May 2024, we entered into the SLS Supply Agreement under which SLS agreed to supply us with antigen drug substance and finished COVID-19 Vaccine doses. The SLS 11 Table of Contents Supply Agreement includes the general terms and conditions of supply orders between us and SLS. We and SLS execute firm purchase orders, which include specific quantities to be delivered under the SLS Supply Agreement. We agreed to supply SLS with all Matrix-M™ adjuvant needed to manufacture finished COVID-19 Vaccine doses. Currently, we depend primarily on this supply agreement for co-formulation, filling and finishing of COVID-19 Vaccine doses. Competition The vaccine market is intensely competitive, characterized by rapid technological progress. Our technology is based upon utilizing the baculovirus expression system in insect cells to make recombinant vaccines. Our Matrix-M™ adjuvant has demonstrated a potent and well-tolerated effect by stimulating the entry of antigen presenting cells into the injection site and enhancing antigen presentation in local lymph nodes, boosting immune response. We believe this baculovirus expression system with our nanoparticle configuration formulated with our Matrix-M™ adjuvant offers many advantages compared to other technologies, such as enabling dose-sparing effects and refrigerator temperature storage. We believe our technology platform is well suited for developing COVID-19 and combination vaccines, as well as vaccines against a number of other infectious diseases and potentially beyond the infectious disease area into other therapeutic areas where we believe our technology has the capability to augment and improve on current approaches. We face competition in the development of our COVID-19 Vaccine, seasonal influenza vaccine candidate, CIC vaccine candidate and the other vaccine candidates in our pipeline, including our early-stage vaccine candidates. A number of vaccine manufacturers, research institutions, and other organizations have developed a vaccine for SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. A variety of different vaccine technologies are being studied, including nucleic acid (RNA/DNA), viral vectors, live attenuated or inactivated, and protein-based vaccines. Nuvaxovid is the first protein-based COVID-19 Vaccine that was approved by the U.S. FDA and by the European Commission based on European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) in the European Un ion. As of February 2026, Nuvaxovid is one of three COVID-19 vaccines that have been approved by the U.S. FDA for the 2025-2026 vaccination season, with the other vaccines being marketed by Pfizer and Moderna. Furthermore, a number of companies are selling vaccines for seasonal influenza employing a number of vaccine technologies including inactivated, recombinant and live attenuated technologies. Starting in the 2024-2025 season, all flu vaccines in the U.S. were trivalent vaccines designed to protect against three different influenza viruses, including two influenza A viruses and an influenza B / Victoria virus. Many seasonal influenza vaccines are currently approved and marketed, and most of these are marketed by major pharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi, GSK, and Seqirus. Competition in the sale of seasonal influenza vaccines is intense. For the older adult segment in the U.S., the CDC preferentially recommends Fluzone-HD®, an egg-based high-dose flu vaccine, Flublok®, a recombinant flu vaccine manufactured by Sanofi and Fluad®, an egg-based adjuvanted flu vaccine manufactured by Seqirus. Therefore, newly developed and approved products must be differentiated from existing vaccines in order to have commercial success. In order to show differentiation in the seasonal influenza market, a product may need to be more efficacious or be less expensive and quicker to manufacture, all while still showing a comparable or improved tolerability profile. Many of our competitors are working on new products and new generations of current products, some by adding an adjuvant that is used to increase the immunogenicity of that product, each of which is intended to be more efficacious than currently marketed products. Several competitors are working on developing seasonal influenza vaccines using different technologies than those in existing marketed vaccines, the most notable being mRNA from companies including Moderna and Pfizer. Despite the significant competition and advancing technologies, based on our completed Phase 2 trial results, we believe that our stand-alone influenza vaccine, our adjuvanted nanoparticle seasonal influenza product, has the potential to be at least as efficacious as current products or products being developed by our competitors. Additionally, we believe that our platform is well suited for combination vaccines, for example influenza and COVID-19. In December 2024, we initiated a Phase 3 immunogenicity and safety trial for our CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety compared to our COVID-19 Vaccine and a licensed seasonal influenza vaccine comparator in adults aged 65 and older. Our Phase 3 immunogenicity and safety trial completed enrollment with an initial cohort of approximately 2,000 participants. In June 2025, we reported data from this initial cohort, which showed both vaccine candidates induced robust immune responses across all antigens tested. Both vaccine candidates were well tolerated with reactogenicity profiles that were comparable to authorized comparators. Additionally, under the Sanofi CLA, our COVID-19 Vaccine is being used in combination with two Sanofi vaccines that are separately marketed influenza vaccines, Fluzone High-Dose and Flublok, to evaluate immunogenicity and safety in Phase 1/2 combination trials. These two combination vaccine candidates were granted Fast Track designation by the U.S. FDA to prevent influenza and COVID-19 infections in individuals aged 50 and older. In October 2025, Sanofi reported positive Phase 1/2 results with the ir combination vaccine candidates and will engage with regulatory authorities on next steps. Another 12 Table of Contents manufacturer who is actively developing a COVID-19-influenza combination vaccine candidate is Moderna and are working with the U.S FDA for regulatory approval and commercialization. In general, competition among pharmaceutical products is based in part on product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability, price, and patent position. An important factor is the relative timing of the market introduction of our products and our competitors’ products. Accordingly, the speed with which we can develop products, complete the clinical trials and approval processes, and supply commercial quantities of the products to the market is an important competitive factor. Our competitive position also may depend upon our ability to show differentiation with a product that is more efficacious and/or less expensive and quicker to manufacture. Other factors affecting our competitive position include our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, obtain and maintain patent protection or otherwise develop proprietary products or processes, and secure sufficient capital resources for the lengthy period between technological conception and commercial sale. Intellectual Property Rights We generally seek patent protection in the US and in select international countries to protect inventions that we or our partners consider important for our business interests. Patent protection in biotechnology and pharmaceuticals is uncertain and involved complex legal and factual questions, and we may be unable to protect and/or enforce our intellectual property. Our success will depend, in part, on whether we can: • obtain and maintain patents to protect our own technologies, products, and product candidates; • obtain and maintain licenses to use the technologies of third-parties, which may be protected by patents; and • protect and maintain our trade secrets and know-how. Patent Rights; Licenses We have intellectual property (patents, licenses, know-how) related to our vaccines, manufacturing processes, and other technologies. Currently, we have or have rights to over 830 U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications relating to vaccines and vaccine-related technologies, including: • RSV: We have more than 200 combined patents and pending applications in the US and internationally relating to respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) glycoproteins, compositions, and methods of treatment. These patents will expire from 2029 to beyond 2041. • Clostridium Difficile: We have more than 20 combined patents and pending applications in the US and internationally relating to methods and compositions for treating or preventing C. Difficile infection. These patents will expire from 2038 to beyond 2039. • Influenza: We currently have 27 U.S. patents and pending US and international applications related to multivalent influenza compositions. These patents are anticipated to expire in 2039 and beyond • COVID/Influenza: We have more than 40 combined patents and pending applications in the US and internationally related to compositions and methods for inducing immune responses against both influenza and coronaviruses that will expire beyond 2042 when issued. • COVID-19: We currently have more than 50 combined patents and pending applications directed to our COVID vaccine technology that are anticipated to expire beyond 2040. In addition to protecting our vaccine programs, we are pursuing further protections for our Matrix-M™ Adjuvant program, with expiration dates potentially extending to 2044 and beyond. We continue to prepare, file, and prosecute patent applications to provide broad and strong protection of our proprietary rights related to our vaccine products and our adjuvant program. The Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1986 and related statutory guidance encourages the dissemination of science and technology innovation. While our expired contract with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“DHHS”), 13 Table of Contents Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority provided us with the right to retain ownership in our inventions that may have arisen during performance of that contract, with respect to certain other collaborative research efforts with the U.S. government, certain developments and results that may have commercial potential are to be freely published, not treated as confidential, and we may be required to negotiate a license to developments and results in order to commercialize products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully obtain any such license at a reasonable cost, or that such development and results will not be made available to our competitors on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis. Trade Secrets We also rely significantly on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests. It is our policy to require employees, consultants, contractors, manufacturers, collaborators, and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment, consulting, or collaborative relationships with us. We also require confidentiality agreements from any entity that is to receive confidential information from us. With respect to employees, consultants, and contractors, the agreements generally provide that all inventions made by the individual while rendering services to us shall be assigned to us as our property. In any of the above mentioned scenarios, we require trade secrets be protected in perpetuity, or until certain exceptions arise. Human Capital Employees We have a team of approximately 749 employees as of December 31, 2025. Our highly qualified and experienced team, which includes scientists, physicians, and professionals across research, development, manufacturing activities, executive, business development, commercial, finance and accounting, legal, and administrative functions and other essential functions is critical to our success. We also leverage temporary workers to provide flexibility for our business needs. We continually evaluate our business needs and opportunities and balance in-house with external expertise and capacity. Compensation and Benefits; Health and Wellness Our total rewards package is designed to attract, engage, motivate, and retain top talent. We strive to provide compensation, benefits and services that help meet the varying needs of our employees. Our total rewards package for employees in the U.S. includes competitive market pay and comprehensive benefits, including insurance to protect and maintain health; income protection through our short- and long-term disability programs and life insurance; adoption assistance and paid parental leave programs; and services to assist in balancing work and personal life, such as backup child, adult and elder care, and financial well-being programs, including monthly financial wellness seminars, one-on-one financial planning sessions, and debt and credit management support. Our wellness initiatives include a monthly newsletter, which highlights organizations and partners, tools, and resources intended to enrich and improve our employees’ physical and mental well-being. We offer several digital apps that allow our employees to connect to an online licensed therapist or to access activities that are designed to reduce stress and anxiety and increase mindfulness and emotional well-being. We have a robust employee assistance program that allows employees to access support for a variety of life events. In addition, we offer the majority of employees the benefit of equity ownership in the Company through equity grants or participation in our employee stock purchase plan. We believe that equity compensation has been, and will continue to be, a critical component of our compensation package because it develops a culture of ownership among our employees and aligns their interests with the interests of our stockholders. Recruitment, Development, and Training The attraction, development, and retention of employees is a critical factor for our success. We utilize a variety of recruitment vehicles to source top talent, including strategic partnerships with search firms, leveraging social media channels, and a robust employee referral program. Our Leading@Novavax competency model defines great leadership. At Novavax, everyone is leader, and this model and associated tools, resources, and programs are designed to develop leadership skills at all levels of the organization. 14 Table of Contents To support the growth and advancement of our employees, we offer tuition and continuing education reimbursement as well as a wide range of training and professional development opportunities, including executive coaching engagements and access to the LinkedIn Learning library of over 16,000 on‑demand video tutorials covering skills, knowledge, and behaviors related to business, leadership, technology, and innovation. In the last 12 months, our employees have viewed and completed videos over 20,000 times. In addition, approximately 35 employees have participated in spot coaching. Professional development learning series are available to all employees and focus on self-awareness, collaboration, hybrid working, leadership and business acumen. We also offer a company‑wide mentoring program that enables employees to connect with colleagues across functions, build professional networks, and support their development through mentoring relationships. We provide an Executive Development Program for employees identified as having high potential and for employees who have been identified as potential successors to leadership positions through our talent review and succession planning process. Our Executive Development Program includes executive coaching engagements and leadership development programs designed to strengthen our leadership bench and accelerate and prepare our top talent for future growth. The Executive Development Program includes a diverse and global group of 20 employees annually. Professional development learning series are available to all employees and focus on self-awareness, collaboration, hybrid working, leadership, and business acumen. Our Commitment to Sustainability We focus our sustainability impact on four strategic pillars, which guide our efforts to make a positive impact on global health and operate in a sustainable and inclusive manner. • GOVERNANCE | Meeting our high standards of governance. • ENVIRONMENT | Mitigating our environmental impact. • SOCIAL | Creating a culture that can hire and retain the best employees. • ACCESS | Maximizing access to our products to improve global health. Governance We are committed to operating with integrity, transparency and accountability in all that we do. • Our policies remain in place so that we may comply with all government and regulatory agency requirements and industry standards with good laboratory practices, current good manufacturing practices and good distribution practices. • Our pharmacovigilance system supports comprehensive safety monitoring and signal detection for products and clinical programs. • Our Quality Management System supports compliance with national and international reporting requirements and special reporting obligations. • Our employees and contractors must complete adverse event (“AE”) training and understand how to report AEs. • We collect, evaluate and report AEs in line with mandates from worldwide health authorities (e.g., the U.S. FDA, European Medicines Agency). • We practice responsible animal welfare practices including searching for non-animal alternatives whenever possible, abiding by the 3R-principle (Reduce, Refine, Replace), and working with accredited animal facilities with regional independent animal experimentation ethical review boards approving all experiments. • We maintain “The NovaCode,” a robust handbook of written standards and business ethics policies. • We maintain a global hotline for reporting compliance concerns with established internal investigation protocols. • We maintain a Strategic Compliance Governance Committee to help our partners comply with U.S. regulations. • We hold company-wide business ethics training, guidance and raw materials review. • We maintain an anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy to foster a transparent and ethical business model. • We abide by robust cybersecurity standards. 15 Table of Contents • We maintain an ongoing employee training on our Safety Policy. Environment We aim to operate in a sustainable manner that reduces our environmental impact. • We are committed to engaging with material sustainability topics to drive long-term value creation and positive societal impact. • We align our efforts with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”), Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) and Sweden Non-Financial Reporting Directive (“NFRD”) frameworks to provide that our sustainability reporting accurately reflects the most pertinent topics within the biotechnology industry. • We disclose greenhouse gas emissions globally. • We abide by and require our suppliers to abide by our Novavax Environmental Sustainability Policy and Novavax Human Rights Policy. Social We seek to build a company and culture that attracts and retains the best talent. • We offer a number of employee training opportunities. • We maintain employee health and safety measures, including U.S. Environmental Health and Safety (“EHS”) management system as well as Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”)-required assessments and immunizations. • We offer a number of employee well-being, satisfaction, charitable and financial benefit programs. Access We innovate through R&D and seek to increase access to our products and technology through strategic collaborations. • R21/Matrix-M™ malaria vaccine offered by Oxford University and Serum Institute of India. • Nuvaxovid® COVID-19 Vaccine offered by Sanofi. • We also work to ensure that the products we develop are safe and effective for people of all races, ethnicities and genders. We have adopt the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki and abide by our Clinical Research Policy. Government Regulations The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring, and post-approval reporting of vaccines such as those we are developing. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our vaccine candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. U.S. Biologics Regulation In the United States, biological products, or biologics, such as vaccines are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before biologics may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 16 Table of Contents • completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practice requirements (“GLPs”); • submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application (“IND”), which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; • approval by an institutional review board (“IRB”) or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic candidate for its intended use; • preparation of and submission to the FDA of a biologics license application (BLA), after completion of all pivotal clinical trials and other necessary studies; • satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; • satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product’s continued safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with Good Clinical Practice requirements (GCPs); and • FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. The preclinical developmental stage generally involves laboratory evaluations of chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate the candidate’s toxicity in animals, in an effort to support subsequent clinical testing. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations. Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a vaccine candidate in the United States, the trial sponsor must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for allowance from the FDA to administer an investigational drug to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the vaccine candidate, chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information, and any available human data or literature to support the use of the vaccine candidate. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on full or partial clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin or begin as planned. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA allowance to begin a clinical trial. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control, in accordance with GCPs, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring subject safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. While the IND is active, progress reports summarizing the results of the clinical trials and nonclinical studies performed since the last progress report, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the same or similar drugs, findings from animal or in vitro testing suggesting a significant risk to humans, and any clinically important increased incidence of a serious suspected adverse reaction compared to that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward 17 Table of Contents at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study, and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or on other grounds, such as failure to demonstrate efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries, including clinicaltrials.gov. For purposes of BLA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: • Phase 1—The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. • Phase 2—The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. • Phase 3—The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. In some cases, the FDA may require, or sponsors may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies may also be made a condition to approval of the BLA. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the vaccine candidate, and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the vaccine candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. BLA submission and review by the FDA Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product candidate for one or more indications. The BLA must include all relevant data available from preclinical and clinical studies, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product’s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical studies intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of the product candidate, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by independent investigators. The submission of a BLA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. In addition, the Pediatric Research Equity Act (“PREA”), requires a sponsor to conduct pediatric clinical trials for most drugs and biologics, for a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration. Under PREA, original BLAs and certain supplements must contain a pediatric assessment unless the sponsor has received a deferral or waiver. The required assessment must evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is deemed safe and effective. The sponsor or FDA may request a deferral of pediatric clinical trials for some or all of the pediatric subpopulations. A deferral may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the candidate is ready for approval for use in adults before pediatric clinical trials are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data needs to be collected before the pediatric clinical trials begin. The FDA must send a non-compliance letter to any sponsor that fails to submit the required assessment, keep a deferral current or fails to submit a request for approval of a pediatric formulation. Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the FDA accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or 18 Table of Contents not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. Once a BLA has been accepted for filing, the FDA’s goal is to review standard applications within ten months after the filing date, or, if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process may also be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether the vaccine candidate is safe, pure and potent for the proposed indication, and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product’s continued safety, purity and potency. The FDA may also convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. After the FDA evaluates a BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter (“CRL”). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A CRL usually describes the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA and may require additional clinical data, including additional clinical trials, or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, nonclinical studies or manufacturing. If a CRL is issued, the sponsor must resubmit the BLA or, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may include limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”), to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy implemented to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. The FDA may also require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product’s safety, purity and potency after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. Expedited development and review programs The FDA offers a number of expedited development and review programs for qualifying product candidates. For example, the fast track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing product candidates that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a fast track product candidate has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once a BLA is submitted, the product application may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product candidate may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. A product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for breakthrough therapy designation to expedite its development and review. A product candidate can receive breakthrough therapy designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the fast track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an 19 Table of Contents organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate, including involvement of senior managers. Any marketing application for a biologic product candidate submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product candidate with a fast track designation and/or breakthrough therapy designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval process, such as priority review. A BLA is eligible for priority review if the product candidate is designed to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness compared to available alternatives for such disease or condition. For original BLAs, priority review designation means the FDA’s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (as compared to ten months under standard review). Additionally, depending on the design of the applicable clinical trials, candidates studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA will generally require the sponsor to perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to verify and describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, and may require that such studies be underway before granting any accelerated approval. Products receiving accelerated approval may be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures if the sponsor fails to conduct the required post-marketing studies or if such studies fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review, and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a candidate qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Post-approval requirements Biologics are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual program fees for any marketed products. Biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements up. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: • restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; • fines, warning letters, or untitled letters; • clinical holds on clinical studies; • refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; • product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 20 Table of Contents • consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; • mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; • the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims that are in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product’s labeling and that differ from those tested and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict a manufacturer’s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. Biosimilars and reference product exclusivity The Affordable Care Act, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (“BPCIA”), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant’s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. A biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of all existing exclusivity protection or patent terms, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued “Written Request” for such a study. Coverage and Reimbursement In both domestic and foreign markets, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payers. Third-party payers include government authorities or programs, private health insurers (including managed care plans), and other organizations. These third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the cost-effectiveness of medical products and services. In addition, significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the indications for which the product is approved by the U.S. FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Our product candidates may not be considered cost-effective at certain prices. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available in certain markets to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Third-party payors may also control access to, or manage utilization of, our products with various 21 Table of Contents utilization management techniques. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our product candidates or a decision by a third-party payer to not cover our product candidates could reduce physician utilization of our products and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations, and financial condition. Within the U.S., if we obtain appropriate approval in the future to market any of our product candidates, those products could potentially be covered by various government health benefit programs, as well as purchased by government agencies. The participation in such programs or the sale of products to such agencies is subject to regulation. In exchange for coverage, we may be obligated to provide rebates or offer discounts under government health programs or to government and private purchasers. Certain Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “ACA”) marketplace and other private payor plans are required to include coverage for certain preventative services, including vaccinations recommended by the ACIP without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance) for plan members. For Medicare beneficiaries, vaccines may be covered under either the Part B program or Part D depending on several criteria, including the type of vaccine and the beneficiary’s coverage eligibility. Medicare Part B vaccine coverage includes vaccines to prevent influenza, pneumococcal disease, hepatitis B for beneficiaries who are at medium or high risk, and COVID-19. Vaccines for such conditions do not have any cost-sharing requirements. Effective January 1, 2023, the Inflation Reducation Act (“IRA”) modified the legal requirements to provides access to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”) and ACIP-recommended vaccines covered under Medicare Part D, Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Program (“CHIP”) without cost-sharing. At the state level, payment rates for covered vaccines and their administration are set by the states or their contracted managed care plans. Children through 18 years of age without health insurance coverage for vaccines may also be eligible to receive such vaccinations free-of-charge through the CDC’s Vaccines for Children program (“VFC”). Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. As such, one third-party payor’s decision to cover a particular medical product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Further, coverage policies and third party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products that receives regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Healthcare Reform The U.S. and state governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to reform delivery of, or payment for, health care, including initiatives to reduce the cost of healthcare. In March 2010, the U.S. Congress enacted the ACA, which included changes to the coverage and reimbursement of drug products under government health care programs. Since its enactment, there have been several executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and additional challenges and amendments to the ACA may reduce the profitability of drug products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures could further limit our net revenue and results. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted that impact drug pricing. For example, through the process created by the Budget Control Act of 2011, there are automatic reductions of Medicare payments to providers, which went into effect in April 2013 and will remain in effect through 2032. In addition, the current Presidential administration’s policies have resulted in changes to vaccine mandates and recommendations and public perception of vaccine importance. Because recommendations by the ACIP of a vaccine has significant impacts on the coverage and reimbursement of the vaccine from commercial and governmental payers, changes to the composition of the committee could, among other things, result in adverse recommendations from ACIP or delay ACIP decisions or other elements of the approval pathway, potentially adversely impacting vaccine availability and recommendations. By way of example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“DHHS”) Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. populated ACIP with members who generally have voiced negative views regarding COVID-19 vaccines. The CDC removed the COVID-19 vaccine for healthy children and healthy pregnant women from the CDC recommended immunization schedules, and the DHHS Secretarial Directives ratifying CDC recommendations for use of COVID-19 vaccines for children ages six months to 17 years were also rescinded. The FDA’s Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee makes recommendations to FDA regarding novel vaccine products, and the Trump administration has so far removed at least one member from the committee. The Trump administration’s changes to the immunization schedule for children and adolescents 22 Table of Contents and vaccine recommendations to date, and similar changes that could be adopted in the future could have a material adverse effect on the industry. There has been considerable public and government scrutiny in the U.S. of pharmaceutical pricing and proposals to address the perceived high cost of pharmaceuticals. There have also been several recent state legislative efforts to address drug costs, which generally have focused on increasing transparency around drug costs or limiting drug prices or price increases. Adoption of new legislation at the federal or state level could affect demand for, or pricing of, our product candidates if approved for sale. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing, or effect of any federal and state reform efforts. There is no assurance that federal or state health care reform will not adversely affect our future business and financial results. Similarly, in many countries outside the U.S., pharmaceutical pricing is subject to regulatory market access control, particularly in countries where healthcare is provided mainly through government funding or government backed insurers. In such countries governmental organizations will generally determine firstly if a medicinal product might be adopted for use in the national health systems and reimbursed and secondly the maximum price payable. Other Healthcare Laws In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical and biological products, other healthcare regulatory laws restrict business practices in the biotechnology industry, which include, but are not limited to, anti-kickback, false claims, and transparency laws regarding drug pricing and payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare providers. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the offer, receipt, or payment of remuneration in exchange for or to induce the referral of patients or the use of products or services that would be paid for in whole or part by Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. Remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including cash, improper discounts and free or reduced-price items and services. Further, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. Many states have similar laws that apply to their state healthcare programs as well as private payors. The False Claims Act, or FCA, imposes liability on persons who, among other things, knowingly present or cause to be presented, a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government, knowingly make, use, or cause to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government, or knowingly make a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. The FCA has been used to prosecute persons submitting claims for payment that are inaccurate or fraudulent, that are for services not provided as claimed, or for services that are not medically necessary. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. Actions under the FCA may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private individual in the name of the government. The federal government is using the FCA, and the accompanying threat of significant liability, in its investigation and prosecution of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies throughout the country, and has obtained multi-million and multi–billion-dollar settlements under the FCA in addition to individual criminal convictions under applicable criminal statutes. In addition, companies have been forced to implement extensive corrective action plans and have often become subject to consent decrees or corporate integrity agreements, severely restricting the manner in which they conduct their business. Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the government authorities will continue to devote substantial resources to investigating healthcare providers’ and manufacturers’ compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. In addition, a person who offers or transfers to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration, including waivers of co-payments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary’s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services may be liable for civil monetary penalties for each wrongful act. Moreover, in certain cases, providers who routinely waive copayments and deductibles for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries can also be held liable under the Anti-Kickback Statute and civil False Claims Act, which can impose additional penalties associated with the wrongful act. One of the statutory exceptions to the prohibition is non-routine, unadvertised waivers of copayments or deductible amounts based on individualized determinations of financial need or exhaustion of reasonable collection efforts. The Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services emphasizes, however, that this exception should only be used occasionally to address special financial needs of a particular patient. Although this prohibition applies only to federal healthcare program beneficiaries, the routine waivers of copayments and deductibles offered to patients covered by commercial payers may 23 Table of Contents implicate applicable state laws related to, among other things, unlawful schemes to defraud, excessive fees for services, tortious interference with patient contracts and statutory or common law fraud. The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and other healthcare providers. The ACA, among other things, imposed new reporting requirements through the Physician Payments Sunshine Act on certain manufacturers of drugs covered by a federal healthcare program for payments made by them to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician practitioners (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified registered nurse anesthetists, anaesthesiology assistants, and certified nurse midwives) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests that are not timely, accurately and completely reported in an annual submission. Manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each calendar year. Certain states also mandate implementation of compliance programs, impose restrictions on drug manufacturer marketing practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians, and pricing information and marketing expenditures. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different compliance and/or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that a healthcare company may violate one or more of the requirements. Violations of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to drug manufacturers may result in significant penalties, including, without limitation, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, reporting obligations and integrity oversight, and imprisonment. Within the EU and the UK, payments made to healthcare professionals are subject to public disclosure governed by either national statutory or non-statutory industry self-regulatory rules. Moreover, agreements with healthcare professionals and organizations must in some countries be the subject of prior notification and approval by healthcare professionals’ employer, their competent professional organization, or the regulatory authorities of the individual country. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes, or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the EU member states. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines, or imprisonment. In addition, in the United States, the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act (the “PREP Act”), when applicable, provides immunity for manufacturers from all claims under state or federal law for “loss” arising out of the administration or use of a “covered countermeasure.” However, injured persons may still bring a suit for “willful misconduct” against the manufacturer under some circumstances. “Covered countermeasures” include “security countermeasures,” “qualified pandemic or epidemic products,” which include products intended to diagnose or treat pandemic or epidemic disease, such as pandemic vaccines and treatments intended to address conditions caused by such products, and drugs and biological products authorized for emergency use in accordance with sections 564, 564A, and 564B of the FDCA. For these immunities to apply, the Secretary of DHHS must invoke the PREP Act by issuing a declaration that a public health emergency or “credible risk” of a future public health emergency exists. On March 17, 2020, the Secretary of DHHS issued a declaration under the PREP Act for medical countermeasures against COVID-19, effective as of February 4, 2020, and has issued subsequent amendments since then to provide liability immunity for activities related to certain countermeasures against the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. On December 11, 2024, the Secretary of DHHS issued the 12th amendment to the PREP Act declaration to extend time period of PREP Act coverage to December 31, 2029. While we believe our products are Covered Countermeasures under the current PREP Act declaration, coverage cannot be assured. Further, it remains possible that the HHS Secretary will amend the PREP Act declaration for medical countermeasures against COVID-19 to, among other things, shorten the duration of its coverage. Certain members of Congress have also sought to amend or repeal the PREP Act in effort to restrict or eliminate PREP Act immunity. As a result, the PREP Act remains subject to significant uncertainty. 24 Table of Contents Availability of Information Our website address is www.novavax.com. We make available, free of charge and through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our other filings with the SEC, and any amendments to any such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy, and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We use our website (www.novavax.com) as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC. These disclosures are included on our website (www.novavax.com) in the “Investors” or “News” sections. Accordingly, investors should monitor these portions of our website (www.novavax.com), in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Also available on our website is information relating to corporate governance at Novavax and our Board of Directors, including our Code of Conduct. We intend to disclose on our website any future amendments to and waivers from this code that apply to our Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Controller, and persons performing similar functions, as promptly as practicable, as may be required under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on the investor relations section of our website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding press and earnings releases as part of the investor relations section of our website. The contents of our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 25 Table of Contents

