TICKER: NWBI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain challenges, fiscal policies, geopolitical matters, including as a result of changes in U.S. presidential administrations or Congress, the implementation of tariffs and other protectionist trade policies, weather events or other developments. Changes in interest rates may also affect the average life of loans and mortgage-related securities. Decreases in interest rates can result in increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities, as borrowers refinance to reduce their borrowing costs. Under these circumstances, we are subject to reinvestment risk to the extent that we are unable to reinvest the cash received from such prepayments at rates that are comparable to the rates on existing loans and investment securities. Additionally, increases in interest rates may decrease loan demand and make it more difficult for borrowers to repay adjustable rate loans. Also, increases in interest rates may extend the life of fixed rate assets, which would restrict our ability to reinvest in higher yielding alternatives, and may result in customers withdrawing certificates of deposit early so long as the early withdrawal penalty is less than the interest they could receive as a result of the higher interest rates. Changes in interest rates also affect the current fair value of our interest-earning investment securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities moves inversely with changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2025, the fair value of our investment and mortgage-backed securities portfolio totaled $2.2 billion. Net unrealized losses on these securities totaled $202 million at December 31, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred other comprehensive income of $34 million related to net changes in unrealized holding losses in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. The current level of, or any increases in market interest rates may reduce our mortgage banking income. We generate revenues primarily from gains on the sale of mortgage loans to investors, and from the amortization of deferred mortgage servicing rights. We recognized noninterest income of $3 million on mortgage banking activities during the year ended December 31, 2025. We also earn interest on loans held for sale while awaiting delivery to our investors. In a rising or higher interest rate environment, our mortgage loan originations may decrease, resulting in fewer loans that are available for sale. This would result in a decrease in interest income and a decrease in revenues from loan sales. In addition, our results of operations are affected by the amount of noninterest expense associated with mortgage banking activities, such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, equipment, data processing and other operating costs. During periods of reduced loan demand, our results of operations may be adversely affected to the extent that we are unable to reduce expenses commensurate with the decline in mortgage loan origination activity. Hedging against interest rate exposure may adversely affect our earnings. On occasion we have employed various financial methodologies that limit, or “hedge,” the adverse effects of rising or decreasing interest rates on our loan portfolios and short-term liabilities. We also engage in hedging strategies with respect to arrangements with our customers. Our hedging activity varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates and other changing market conditions. 23 Table of Contents Hedging strategies can be imperfect and may fail to protect us from loss. Moreover, hedging activities could result in costs if the hedge proves to be ineffective. Additionally, hedging activities could fail to protect us or adversely affect us because, among other things: • available interest rate hedging may not correlate to the risk for which protection is sought; • the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related asset or liability; • the counterparty in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; • the credit quality of the counterparty may degrade to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; • the value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value; and/or • downward adjustments, or “mark-to-market” losses, would reduce our stockholders’ equity. Risks Related to Economic Conditions A worsening of economic conditions in our market area could reduce demand for our products and services and/or result in increases in our level of non-performing loans, which could adversely affect our operations, financial condition and earnings. Our performance is significantly impacted by the general economic conditions in our primary markets in Pennsylvania, New York, Ohio, and Indiana. At December 31, 2025, 39% of our loan portfolio was secured by properties located in Pennsylvania, and 10% of our loan portfolio was secured by properties located in New York, with a large portion of the rest of our loans secured by real estate located in Ohio and Indiana. Local economic conditions have a significant impact on the ability of our borrowers to repay loans and the value of the collateral securing loans. A deterioration in economic conditions could result in the following consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations: • demand for our products and services may decline; • loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase; • we may increase our allowance for credit losses; • collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, in turn reducing customers’ future borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with existing loans; and • the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us. In addition, deflationary pressures could have a significant negative effect on our borrowers, especially our business borrowers, and the values of underlying collateral securing loans, which could negatively affect our financial performance. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board. An important function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks’ reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. New appointments to the Federal Reserve Board could affect its monetary policies, and in turn, interest rates. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Inflation generally increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our non-interest expenses. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. Sustained higher interest rates by the Federal Reserve Board to tame persistent inflationary price pressures could also push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could 24 Table of Contents result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Beginning in 2022, in response to a pronounced rise in inflation, the Federal Reserve Board reversed its policy of “near zero” interest rates and has materially increased the target federal funds rate. As discussed under “Risks Related to Market Interest Rates—Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition,” as inflation increases and market interest rates rise the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, would decrease, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. We could be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions and other third parties we rely on. Adverse developments affecting the overall strength and soundness of other financial institutions, the financial services industry as a whole and the general economic climate and the U.S. Treasury market could have a negative impact on perceptions about the strength and soundness of the Company’s business even if the Company is not subject to the same adverse developments. In addition, adverse developments with respect to third parties with whom the Company has important relationships could also negatively impact perceptions about the Company. These perceptions about the Company could cause its business to be negatively affected and exacerbate the other risks that the Company faces. The Company may be impacted by actual or perceived soundness of other financial institutions, including as a result of the financial or operational failure of a major financial institution, or concerns about the creditworthiness of such a financial institution or its ability to fulfill its obligations, which can cause substantial and cascading disruption within the financial markets and increased expenses, including FDIC insurance premiums, and could affect the Company’s ability to attract and retain depositors and to borrow or raise capital. For example, during 2023 the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank, and First Republic Bank. The failure of other banks and financial institutions and the measures taken by governments, businesses, and other organizations in response to those events could adversely impact the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. These bank failures have led to an increased customer and regulatory focus on funding and liquidity at financial institutions, the composition of its deposits, including the amount of uninsured deposits, the amount of accumulated other comprehensive loss, capital levels and interest rate risk management. If we are unable to meet the increased expectations of our customers and regulatory agencies, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, the FHLB, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional customers. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and losses of depositor, creditor and counterparty confidence and could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when our collateral cannot be foreclosed upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due. Furthermore, successful operation of our debit card and cash management solutions business depends on the soundness of third party processors, clearing agents and others that we rely on to conduct our merchant business. Any losses resulting from such third parties could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A lack of liquidity could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Liquidity is essential to the Company’s business. The Company relies on its ability to generate deposits and effectively manage the repayment of its liabilities to ensure that there is adequate liquidity to fund operations. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale and maturities of loans and securities and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on liquidity. The Company’s most important source of funds is its deposits. Deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments as providing a better risk adjusted return, which are strongly influenced by such external factors as the direction of interest rates, local and national economic conditions and the availability and attractiveness of alternative investments. Further, the demand for deposits may be reduced due to a variety of factors such as negative trends in the banking sector, the level of and/or composition of our uninsured deposits, demographic patterns, changes in customer preferences, reductions in consumers’ disposable income, the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve Board or regulatory actions that decrease customer access to particular products. Increased adoption of consumer banking technology can result in reduced deposit stickiness due to the relative ease with which depositors may transfer deposits if confidence is lost in Northwest Bank. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments such as money market funds, the Company would lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, which would increase its funding costs and reduce net interest income. Any changes made to the rates offered on deposits to remain competitive with other financial institutions may also adversely affect profitability and liquidity. 25 Table of Contents Other primary sources of funds consist of cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities and/or loans, brokered deposits, borrowings from the FHLB and/or Federal Reserve discount window, and unsecured borrowings. The Company also may borrow funds from third-party lenders, such as other financial institutions. The Company’s access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize its activities, or on terms that are acceptable, could be impaired by factors that affect the Company directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry, a decrease in the level of the Company’s business activity as a result of a downturn in markets or by one or more adverse regulatory actions against the Company or the financial sector in general. Any decline in available funding could adversely impact the Company’s ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet expenses, or to fulfill obligations such as meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on its liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to our Business Strategy Acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute stockholder value. We regularly evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities with other financial institutions and financial services companies. As a result, negotiations may take place and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt, or equity securities may occur at any time. We would seek acquisition partners that offer us either significant market presence or the potential to expand our market footprint and improve profitability through economies of scale or expanded services. For example, on July 25, 2025, we acquired Penns Woods Bancorp, Inc. ("Penns Woods"). Acquiring other banks, such as Penns Woods, businesses, or branches may have an adverse effect on our financial results and may involve various other risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things: • difficulty in estimating the value of the target company; • payment of a premium over book and market values that may dilute our tangible book value and earnings per share in the short and long term; • potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company; • exposure to potential asset quality problems of the target company; • potential volatility in reported income associated with goodwill impairment losses; • difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company; • inability to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits of the acquisition; • potential disruption to our business; • potential diversion of our management’s time and attention; • the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company; and • potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company. Loans that were acquired as part of our acquisitions of other depository institutions, such as Penns Woods, were not underwritten or originated in accordance with our credit standards, including environmental matters, and we did not have long-standing relationships with many of these borrowers at the time of acquisition. The acquired loans are re-risk rated at that date of acquisition based on our credit standards, which can temporarily increase loans classified as special mention and substandard for a period of time until these loans are integrated and conform to our credit standards. Although we reviewed the loan portfolios of each institution acquired as part of the diligence process, and believe that we have established reasonable credit marks with regard to all loans acquired, we may incur losses in excess of the credit marks with regard to these acquired loans, and any such losses, if they occur, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our merger with Penns Woods and other mergers and acquisitions may not enhance our cash flows, business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects as expected and such acquisitions may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, particularly during periods in which the acquisitions are being integrated into our operations. Our continued pace of growth may require us to raise additional capital during unfavorable market conditions. We are required by federal regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We anticipate that we will have sufficient capital resources to satisfy our capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We may at some point, however, need to raise additional capital to support our continued growth. If we raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other securities, it would dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders and may dilute the per share book value of our common stock. New investors may also have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our current stockholders, which may adversely impact our current stockholders. Also, the need to raise additional capital may force our management to spend more time in managerial and financing-related activities than in operational activities. 26 Table of Contents Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we may not be able to raise additional capital, if needed, with favorable terms. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be materially impaired. New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. In addition, we will continue to make investments in research, development, and marketing for new products and services. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the development and introduction of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. Furthermore, if customers do not perceive our new offerings as providing significant value, they may fail to accept our new products and services. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, the burden on management and our information technology of introducing any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business strategy includes growth, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. Our business strategy includes growth in assets, deposits, the scale of our operations and potentially opening new banking locations. Achieving our growth targets will require us to attract customers that currently bank at other financial institutions in our market, thereby increasing our share of the market. Our ability to successfully grow will depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to attract and retain experienced bankers, the continued availability of desirable business opportunities, the competitive responses from other financial institutions in our market area and our ability to manage our growth. In order to successfully manage our growth, the Company may need to adopt and effectively implement new or revise existing policies, procedures, and controls, as well as hire additional employees or pay higher salaries to retain existing employees, to maintain credit quality, control costs and oversee the Company’s operations. Growth opportunities may not be available or we may not be able to manage our growth successfully. If we do not manage our growth effectively, our financial condition and operating results could be negatively affected. Uncertainties associated with increased loan originations may result in errors in our judgment of collectability, which may lead to additional provisions for credit losses or charge-offs, which would negatively affect our operations. Increasing loan originations would likely require us to lend to borrowers with which we have limited experience.  Accordingly, we would not have a significant payment history pattern with which to judge future collectability. Further, newly originated loans have not been subjected to unfavorable economic conditions. As a result, it may be difficult to predict the future performance of newly originated loans. These loans may have delinquency or charge-off levels above our recent historical experience, which could adversely affect our future performance. Risk Related to Competitive Matters Strong competition may limit growth and profitability. Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. We compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, fintech companies, including those related to digital currencies or cryptocurrencies (including stablecoins), money market funds and other mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. Many of these competitors (whether regional or national institutions) have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have and may offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. In addition, some have competitive advantages such as the credit union exemption from paying federal income tax. Moreover, competition with fintech companies may be particularly intense, due to, among other things, differing regulatory environments. For example, the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act of 2025 (GENIUS Act) provides a legal framework for stablecoins to be issued in the United States, which may allow new and existing competitors to compete for funds that may have otherwise been deposited with banks, such as Northwest Bank. Competitive factors driven by consumer sentiment or otherwise can also reduce our ability to generate fee income, such as through overdraft fees. Our profitability depends upon our ability to successfully compete in our market areas. 27 Table of Contents We may be subject to intellectual property-related disputes or may fail to effectively obtain, maintain, defend, or enforce our intellectual property rights. Our competition, or other third parties, may allege that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights or challenge our rights in intellectual property that is important to our business. To defend against such allegations and challenges, we may have to engage in litigation that could be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations, and distracting to management. We may not be successful in defending against any such allegations or challenges, which could subject us to significant monetary damages, require significant license fees or royalty payments (which also may not be available on acceptable terms), restrict our ability to offer our products or services, or otherwise require changes to the way we conduct our business. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a variety of measures to obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce our intellectual property rights, including intellectual property laws and contractual provisions, including confidentiality agreements, invention assignments, and intellectual property licenses. These measures may not prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights or otherwise duplicating or improving upon our products or services, any of which may adversely affect our competitive position. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Operational Matters Risks associated with system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity breaches could negatively affect our earnings. Information technology systems are critical to our business. We use various information technology systems to manage our customer relationships, general ledger, deposits, and loans. We have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of system failures, interruptions, and cybersecurity breaches, but such events may still occur or may not be adequately addressed if they do occur. In addition, any compromise of our information technology systems could deter customers from using our products and services. Although we rely on information technology systems designed to provide security and authentication necessary to effect the secure transmission of data, these precautions may not protect our information technology systems from system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity breaches. Despite the defensive measures we take designed to manage our internal technological and operational infrastructure, threats may originate externally from foreign governments, state-sponsored actors, organized crime, terrorists, hackers, and other third parties or internally from within our organization, including our personnel or third-party providers (including infrastructure-support providers and application developers). Furthermore, we may not be able to ensure that all of our clients, suppliers and other third-party providers, counterparties and other third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information that they exchange with us, particularly where such information is transmitted by electronic means. Our heavy reliance on information technology systems exposes us to operational risks, which include the risk of malfeasance by personnel or persons outside of our organization, denial of service attacks, computer viruses, worms, ransomware, social engineering (including phishing attacks), service outages, software bugs or defects, server failures, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, failures to properly implement systems upgrades, breaches of our internal control systems and compliance requirements, business continuation and disaster recovery issues and other system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity breaches. Such risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, including artificial intelligence, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. In addition, we outsource a significant amount of our data processing to, and otherwise rely on, certain third-party providers, and our ability to monitor such third-party providers’ data privacy and cybersecurity practices is limited. If these third-party providers encounter difficulties or experience system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity breaches, or if we have difficulty communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, any system failures, interruptions or cybersecurity breaches impacting such third-party providers may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner, and we cannot guarantee that we can obtain adequate or any reimbursement from such third-party providers in the event we should suffer any disruption, compromise, failure, liability, reputational harm or other cost or expense. Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity breaches attributed to such third-party providers as they relate to the information we share with them. The occurrence, or perceived occurrence (whether unfounded or not), of any system failure, interruption, or cybersecurity breach affecting our information technology systems, or those of our third-party providers, could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customers and business, violate applicable laws and regulations, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to litigation, liability or other costs or expenses. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 28 Table of Contents In addition, any insurance coverage we may have may not be adequate to compensate for losses from any of the foregoing. We also cannot be sure that such insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all or that any applicable insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for significant losses. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We seek to identify, measure, monitor, report and control our exposure to risk, including strategic, market, liquidity, credit, interest rate, compliance and operational risks. While we use a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and mitigation techniques, these techniques are inherently limited because they cannot anticipate the existence or future development of currently unanticipated or unknown risks. Recent economic conditions and heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny of the financial services industry, among other developments, have increased our level of risk. Accordingly, we could suffer losses as a result of our failure to properly anticipate and manage these risks. Our board of directors relies to a large degree on management and outside consultants in overseeing cybersecurity risk management. The Board of the Company has a Risk Management Committee, consisting of wholly independent directors chartered, among other items, with a focus on cybersecurity risk. Furthermore, management of the Company has both an Enterprise Risk Management Committee and an Operational Risk Management Committee, both of which are comprised of the most senior members of management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), and Chief Information Security Officer. The Operating Risk Management Committee and the ERMC meets quarterly, or more frequently if needed. Material items related to cybersecurity are reported to the Risk Management Sub-Committee. The Company also engages outside consultants to support its cybersecurity efforts. The directors of the Company have modest experience in cybersecurity risk management in other business entities comparable to the Company and rely on members of management, including, but not limited to, the CISO, CIO, Chief Operational Risk Management Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Data Officer, for cybersecurity guidance. Our business may be adversely affected by an increasing prevalence of fraud and other financial crimes. Our loans to businesses and individuals and our deposit relationships and related transactions are subject to exposure to the risk of loss due to fraud and other financial crimes. Incidents of fraud and other financial crimes could also lead to significant reputational risks and other negative effects on our financial condition and results of operations. Nationally, reported incidents of fraud and other financial crimes have increased. We have also experienced losses due to apparent fraud and other financial crimes. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent such losses, losses may still occur. Risks Related to Environmental and Other Global Matters We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and we could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to one or more of these properties. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing defaulted loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous conditions or toxic substances are found on these properties, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, civil fines and criminal penalties regardless of when the hazardous conditions or toxic substances first affected any particular property. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property’s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or regulations or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws and regulations may increase our exposure to environmental liability, and heightened pressure from investors and other stakeholders may require to incur additional expenses with respect to environmental matters. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on nonresidential real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on us. A slowdown in economic growth or a resumption of recessionary economic conditions due to global events could have an adverse effect on our business in the future. The economy is subject to worldwide events, such as geopolitical tensions in Europe, the Middle East, and Latin America, as well as domestic events, any or all of which could impact inflationary pressures and interest rates to dampen demand. The current U.S. administration has implemented rapid shifts in macroeconomic policies, such as those relating to trade restrictions and tariffs, which have created concerns over an increase in inflation and a slowdown in economic growth. These and other political and market developments are affecting and could continue to affect consumer confidence levels and cause adverse changes in loan payment 29 Table of Contents patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which may impact our charge-offs and the provision for credit losses. Changes in the financial services industry and the effects of current and future law and regulations that may be imposed in response to future market developments also could negatively affect us by restricting our business operations, including our ability to originate or sell loans, and adversely impact our financial performance. Climate-related risks could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. There continues to be concern, including on the part of state regulators, regarding climate change and its impacts. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk to us either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a low-carbon economy. Both physical risks and transition risks associated with climate change could have negative impacts on the financial condition or creditworthiness of our customers, and on its exposure to those customers. Physical risks include the increased frequency or severity of acute weather events, such as floods, wildfires and tropical cyclones, and chronic shifts in the climate, such as persistent changes in precipitation levels, rising sea levels, or increases in average ambient temperature. Transition risks arise from societal adjustment to a low-carbon economy, such as changes in public policy, adoption of new technologies or changes in consumer preferences towards low-carbon goods and services. These risks could also be influenced by changes in the physical climate. Concerns over the anticipated and unanticipated impacts of climate change (including physical risk and transition risk) have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts to mitigate those impacts. We may be compelled to change or cease some of our business or operational practices or to incur additional capital, compliance, and other costs because of climate- or environmental-driven changes in applicable law or supervisory expectations or due to related political, social, market, or similar pressure. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes and other issues. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of asset securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. Further, there is increased public, investor, activist, legislative, and regulatory scrutiny of climate change-related policies, goals and disclosures. Our stakeholders may disagree with these policies and goals or, conversely, believe that these policies and goals are insufficient. This may lead to a decrease in demand for our products and services or damage to our reputation. We may also incur additional costs and require additional resources as we evolve our strategy, practices and related disclosures with respect to these matters. In addition, there are and will continue to be challenges related to capturing, verifying, analyzing and disclosing climate-related data that is subject to measurement uncertainties. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected by natural disasters, health epidemics, and other catastrophic events. We could be adversely affected if key personnel or a significant number of employees were to become unavailable due to a pandemic, natural disaster, war, act of terrorism, accident, or other reason. Any of these events could result in the temporary reduction of operations, employees, and customers, which could limit our ability to provide services. Additionally, many of our borrowers may suffer property damage, experience interruption of their businesses or lose their jobs after such events. Those borrowers might not be able to repay their loans, and the collateral for such loans may decline significantly in value. Risks Related to Accounting Matters If our intangible assets, including goodwill, are either partially or fully impaired in the future, it would decrease earnings. We are required to test our goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and more regularly if indicators of impairment exist. The impairment testing process considers a variety of factors, including the current market price of our common stock, the estimated net present value of our assets and liabilities and information concerning the terminal valuation of similar insured depository institutions. Future impairment testing may result in a partial or full impairment of the value of our goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets, or both. If an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and the book value of these intangible assets will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. However, the recording of such an impairment loss would have no impact on the tangible book value of our shares of common stock or our regulatory capital levels. Changes in management’s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements and our financial condition or operating results. In preparing this annual report as well as periodic reports we are required to file under the Exchange Act, including our Consolidated Financial Statements, our management is and will be required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best estimates and experience as of 30 Table of Contents that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include our evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses. Risks Related to Investment Activities We could record future losses on our investment securities portfolio. A number of factors or combinations of factors could require us to conclude in one or more future reporting periods that an unrealized loss that exists with respect to these and other securities constitutes a credit related impairment, which could result in material losses to us. These factors include, but are not limited to, failure by the issuer to make scheduled interest payments, the issuer of the securities and their creditworthiness, any changes to the rating of the security and any adverse conditions specifically related to the security that would render us unable to forecast a full recovery in value. In addition, the fair values of securities could decline if the overall economy and the financial condition of some of the issuers deteriorates and there remains limited liquidity for these securities. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred other comprehensive income of $34 million related to net changes in unrealized holding losses in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Balance Sheet Analysis—Securities” for a discussion of our securities portfolio and the unrealized losses related to the portfolio, as well as the “Marketable Securities” and “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” footnotes to the audited financial statements. Our exposure to municipalities may lead to operating losses. Our municipal bond portfolio may be impacte d by the effects of economic stress on state and local governments. At December 31, 2025, we had $90 million invested in debt obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions (collectively referred to as our municipal bond portfolio). We also had $239 million of loans outstanding to municipalities and political subdivisions. State and local governments may experience financial stress due to: (i) declinin g revenues; (ii) large unfunded liabilities to government workers; and (iii) entrenched cost structures. Additionally, the debt-to-gross domestic product ratios for the majority of states have been deteriorating due to, among other factors, declines in federal monetary assistance. These challenges have led to speculation about the potential for a significant deterioration in the municipal bond market, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We may not be able to mitigate the exposure in our municipal portfolio if state and local governments are unable to fulfill their obligations. The risk of widespread issuer defaults may also increase if there are changes in legislation that permit states, or additional municipalities and political subdivisions, to file for bankruptcy protection or if there are judicial interpretations that, in a bankruptcy or other proceeding, lessen the value of any structural protections. The financial services sector represents a significant concentration within our investment portfolio. Within our investment portfolio, we have corporate debt and mortgage-backed securities issued by companies in the financial services sector. Given current market conditions, this sector has an enhanced level of credit risk. Potential downgrades of U.S. government securities by one or more of the credit ratings agencies could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings and financial condition. A possible downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government and a decline in the perceived creditworthiness of U.S. government-related obligations could impact the value of our investments, and the availability and pricing of funding transactions collateralized by those instruments. We cannot predict if, when or how any changes to the credit ratings or perceived creditworthiness of these organizations will affect economic conditions. Such ratings actions could result in a significant adverse impact on us. Among other things, a downgrade in the U.S. government’s credit rating could adversely impact the value of our securities portfolio and may trigger requirements that we post additional collateral for trades relative to these securities. A downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government or the credit ratings of related institutions, agencies or instruments would significantly exacerbate the other risks to which we are subject and any related adverse effects on the business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Debit and Credit Activities Changes in card network rules or standards could adversely affect our business. In order to provide our debit card and cash management solutions, we are members of the Visa network. As such, we are subject to card network rules that could subject us to a variety of fines or penalties that may be assessed on us. The termination of our membership or any changes in card network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of existing rules or standards, could increase the cost of operating our merchant services business or limit our ability to provide debit card and cash 31 Table of Contents management solutions to or through our customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in card network fees could impact our operations. From time to time, the card networks increase the fees, known as interchange fees, that they charge to acquirers and that we charge to our merchants. It is possible that competitive pressures will result in us absorbing a portion of such increases in the future, which would increase our costs, reduce our profit margin and adversely affect our business and financial condition. In addition, the card networks require certain capital requirements. An increase in the required capital level would further limit our use of capital for other purposes. Our business could suffer if there is a decline in the use of debit cards as a payment mechanism or if there are adverse developments with respect to the financial services industry in general. As the financial services industry evolves, consumers may find debit card services to be less attractive than traditional or other financial services. Consumers might not use debit card services for any number of reasons, including the general perception of our industry. If consumers do not continue or increase their usage of debit cards, including making changes in the way debit cards are loaded, our operating revenues may remain at current levels or decline. Any projected growth for the industry may not occur or may occur more slowly than estimated. If consumer acceptance of debit card services does not continue to develop or develops more slowly than expected or if there is a shift in the mix of payment forms, such as cash, credit cards, and debit cards, away from our products and services, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Other Risks Related to Our Business The corporate governance provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and the corporate governance provisions under Maryland law, may prevent or impede the holders of our common stock from obtaining representation on our Board of Directors and may impede takeovers of the Company that our board might conclude are not in the best interest of us or our stockholders . Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may prevent or impede holders of our common stock from obtaining representation on our Board of Directors and may make takeovers of the Company more difficult. As a result, our stockholders may not have the opportunity to participate in such a transaction, which could provide a premium over the prevailing price of our common stock. The provisions that may discourage takeover attempts or make them more difficult include that our Board of Directors is divided into three staggered classes. A classified board makes it more difficult for stockholders to change a majority of the directors because it generally takes at least two annual elections of directors for this to occur. Our articles of incorporation include a provision that no person will be entitled to vote any shares of our common stock in excess of 10% of our outstanding shares of common stock. This limitation does not apply to the purchase of shares by a tax-qualified employee stock benefit plan established by us. In addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws restrict who may call special meetings of stockholders and how directors may be removed from office. Additionally, in certain instances, the Maryland General Corporation Law requires a super majority vote of our stockholders to approve a merger or other business combination with a large stockholder, if the proposed transaction is not approved by a majority of our directors. Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. Our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our current market and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers, or otherwise, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. If our government banking deposits were lost within a short period of time, this could negatively impact our liquidity and earnings. As of December 31, 2025, we held $700 million of deposits from municipalities throughout Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana. These deposits may be more volatile than other deposits. If a significant amount of these deposits were withdrawn within a short period of time, it could have a negative impact on our short-term liquidity and have an adverse impact on our earnings. 32 Table of Contents Our funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits at maturity and support our future growth. We must maintain sufficient liquidity to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. As such, we utilize a diverse set of funding sources in addition to core deposits. As we continue to grow, we are likely to become more dependent on these sources, which may include FHLB advances, proceeds from the sale of loans and securities, federal funds purchased and brokered certificates of deposit. Adverse operating results or changes in industry conditions could lead to difficulty or an inability to maintain timely access to these additional funding sources. Our financial flexibility will be materially constrained if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable interest rates. If we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our operating margins and profitability would be adversely affected. A protracted government shutdown may result in reduced loan originations and related gains on sale and could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. During any protracted federal government shutdown, we may not be able to close certain loans and we may not be able to recognize non-interest income on the sale of loans. Some of the loans we originate are sold directly to government agencies, and some of these sales may be unable to be consummated during the shutdown. In addition, we believe that some borrowers may determine not to proceed with their home purchase and not close on their loans, which would result in a permanent loss of the related non-interest income. A federal government shutdown could also result in reduced income for government employees or employees of companies that engage in business with the federal government, which could result in greater loan delinquencies, increases in our nonperforming, criticized and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. Our inability to tailor our retail delivery model to respond to consumer preferences in banking may negatively affect earnings. We have expanded our market presence through acquisitions and growth. Our branch network continues to be a very significant source of new business generation, however, consumers continue to migrate much of their routine banking to self-service channels. In recognition of this shift in consumer patterns, we regularly review our branch network, which has resulted in branch consolidation accompanied by the enhancement of our capabilities to serve its customers through alternate delivery channels. The benefits of this strategy will depend on our ability to realize expected expense reductions without experiencing significant customer attrition. 33 Table of Contents ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Risk Management and Strategy We maintain an enterprise risk management program designed to identify, assess, and mitigate risks across the Company, including credit, market, treasury, operational, compliance, model and data, strategic and reputational risks. Cybersecurity is a critical component of this program due to our reliance on technology and the potential for system failures, interruptions, and cybersecurity incidents that could disrupt business operations or compromise confidential, personal, sensitive, or proprietary information. Our cybersecurity risk management program integrates people, technology, and processes and is intended to comply with the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Information Security Standards promulgated under the Gramm‑Leach‑Bliley Act (GLBA), 12 CFR Part 364, Appendix B. The program includes: • Governance and policies: Information security, data protection, privacy, third‑party risk management, business continuity and disaster recovery, and incident response. • Controls and processes: A control framework designed to govern, identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from system failures, interruptions, and cybersecurity incidents. • Framework alignment: Operations informed by industry best practices and recommendations from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) guidance, and Center for Internet Security (CIS) Benchmarks. • Technology and operations: Preventive and detective tooling to monitor, block, and alert on suspicious activity across our environment, including email gateways and remote connections. • Training and exercises: Regular employee education, tabletop exercises, and recovery and resilience testing. We regularly collaborate with peer institutions, industry groups, and policymakers to discuss cybersecurity trends and issues and to identify evolving best practices. Our cybersecurity program is periodically reviewed to address changing threats, technologies, regulatory expectations, and business conditions. Governance Our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is accountable for delivering our enterprise cybersecurity program and reports to the Chief Information Officer (CIO), who reports to the Chief Executive Officer. The CISO also provides periodic updates to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee and to our Board of Directors , as described below. The cybersecurity department encompasses privacy, resiliency, cybersecurity risk assessment, defense operations, incident response, vulnerability assessment, threat intelligence, identity and access governance, and the evaluation of third‑party risk management and business resilience as they relate to the cybersecurity program. The department is comprised of cybersecurity professionals with varying education and experience and is generally subject to professional education and certification requirements. Our CISO has substantial relevant expertise and formal training with 25+ years of cybersecurity and IT experience across the financial services, retail, and insurance sectors. The Operational Risk Management Committee meets at least quarterly to provide oversight of the risk management strategy, standards, policies, practices, controls, and mitigation and prevention efforts employed to manage cybersecurity risks. More frequent meetings occur, as needed, pursuant to our incident response plan. The CISO reports summaries of key issues—including significant system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity incidents—to management committees, and the Chief Operational Risk Officer reports summaries of key cybersecurity risks to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. At least annually, the CISO reports directly to the Board of Directors on the overall status of the cybersecurity program and the Company’s compliance with the Interagency Guidelines for Safeguarding Customer Information. Any material findings related to risk assessments, risk management and control decisions, service provider arrangements, testing results, and system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity incidents are discussed along with management’s responses and recommendations for program changes. Third-party risk management We rely on third‑party

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to support our operations, many of whom—particularly within financial services—have access to confidential, personal, sensitive, and proprietary information. To mitigate cyber, privacy, and operational risks associated with 34 Table of Contents third‑party relationships, we maintain a Third‑Party Risk Management Program implemented through Board‑approved policies. The program includes a detailed onboarding process and periodic reviews of third parties with access to confidential, personal, sensitive, or proprietary information, consistent with the FDIC Interagency Guidance on Third‑Party Relationships: Risk Management. The program is audited periodically in accordance with our Board‑approved internal audit plan. Testing, Audits, and Assessments We leverage internal auditors, third‑party assessors, and independent sources to periodically review processes, systems, and controls associated with our cybersecurity program. These reviews include assessments of control design and operating effectiveness and recommendations to strengthen the program. Regular internal monitoring is integral to our risk assessment process and includes testing of key controls, systems, and procedures. In addition, independent third‑party penetration testing of the effectiveness of security controls and preparedness measures is conducted at least annually. Management determines the scope and objectives of the penetration testing. Incident Response and Business Resiliency We maintain an Incident Response Plan and a Crisis Management Plan (collectively, the “Plans”) that provide a documented framework for responding to actual or potential system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity incidents, including timely notification to, and escalation within, appropriate Board‑approved management committees. The Plans are coordinated by the Business Resiliency Manager and Major Incident Manager—who report to the CISO and CIO, respectively—and embed key members of management by design. The Plans facilitate cross‑functional coordination and are evaluated at least annually. Integral elements of the Plans include: • Establishing the appropriate team(s) and sub‑teams to address specific system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity incidents. • Coordinating incident and crisis management activities, including documented procedures for response and remediation. • Conducting post‑incident reviews to evaluate response effectiveness and remediate identified gaps. • Providing training and conducting periodic exercises to promote preparedness and awareness. • Reviewing the Plans at least annually, or upon material changes in business practices that may reasonably affect incident response procedures. Monitoring and Workforce Considerations We actively monitor inbound and outbound internet connections and email for malicious content and employ controls to monitor remote connections, recognizing that a significant portion of our workforce may work remotely. Incident History and Materiality To date, the Company has not, to its knowledge, experienced a cybersecurity incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the Company. We maintain processes designed to identify and assess the materiality of cybersecurity threats and incidents, including escalation protocols to management committees and the Board where appropriate. Limitations and Risk Considerations Notwithstanding our defensive measures and processes, the threats posed by system failures, interruptions, or cybersecurity incidents are significant and continually evolving. For further discussion of risks from cybersecurity threats, refer to

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of leverage and risk-based capital are substantially the same as those defined by the FDIC, which are discussed above. 14 Table of Contents Northwest Bank is subject to Department of Banking regulations that limit the amount that a bank may lend relative to appraised values of real estate securing the loans, as determined by an appraisal at the time of loan origination. We have established lending limits to ensure we are in compliance with these these rules. Loans-to-One Borrower Limitation In accordance with the Banking Code, a Pennsylvania chartered savings bank, with certain limited exceptions, may lend to a single or related group of borrowers an amount equal to up to 15% of its capital accounts, defined as the aggregate of capital, surplus, undivided profits, capital securities and reserve for credit losses. We have adopted internal policy limits to ensure we comply with this rule. Dividends The Company’s ability to pay dividends depends, to a large extent, upon Northwest Bank’s ability to pay dividends to the Company. The Banking Code states that no dividend may be paid out of surplus without approval of the Department of Banking. Dividends may be paid out of accumulated net earnings. No dividend may generally be paid that would result in Northwest Bank failing to comply with its regulatory capital requirements. Federal Banking Regulation Northwest Bank is also subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the FDIC, as its primary federal regulator. Such regulation and supervision: • Limits the activities and investment authority of Northwest Bank; • Establishes assessment rates for maintaining the DIF; • Establishes various capital categories resulting in various levels of regulatory scrutiny applied to the institutions in a particular category; • Establishes standards for safety and soundness; and • Establishes a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with Northwest Bank’s safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods; The FDIC is required by law to examine each regulated institution every twelve months. The FDIC has the authority to order any savings bank and its directors, officers, or employees to discontinue any violation of law or unsafe or unsound banking practice. Activities and Investments of Insured State-Chartered Banks Federal law generally limits the activities as principal and equity investments of state-chartered banks insured by the FDIC and its subsidiaries to those that are permissible for national banks. Before engaging in a new activity as principal that is not permissible for a national bank or otherwise permissible under federal law or FDIC regulations, an insured state-chartered bank must seek approval from the FDIC to engage in such activity. The FDIC will not approve the activity unless the insured state-chartered bank meets its minimum capital requirements, and the FDIC determines that the activity does not present a significant risk to the DIF. Insurance of Deposit Accounts The deposit accounts of Northwest Bank are insured by the DIF to the maximum amount provided by law. The FDIC insures deposits up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount of $250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category. This insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government. The FDIC charges insured depository institutions premiums to maintain the DIF, based on the risk each institution poses to the DIF. The FDIC may increase an insured depository institution’s insurance premiums based on various factors, including the FDIC’s assessment of its risk profile. Assessments for institutions with $10 billion or more of assets, such as Northwest Bank, are primarily based on a scorecard approach by the FDIC, including factors such as examination ratings and modeling measuring the institution’s ability to withstand asset-related and funding-related stress and potential loss to the DIF should the bank fail. In response to the bank failures in early 2023, in November 2023, the FDIC implemented a special assessment to recover the losses to the DIF at an annual rate of approximately 13.4 basis points over eight quarterly collection periods, which began in 2024.  The base for the special assessment is equal to an insured depository institution’s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion.  On December 16, 2025 the FDIC issued an interim final rule providing that the FDIC will collect the special assessment over an initial seven quarters of the collection period at the annual rate of 13.4 basis points and reduce the rate at which the special assessment will be collected in the eighth collection quarter, with an invoice date of March 30, 2026, to 2.97 basis points.  Under the interim final rule, upon termination of the FDIC's receiverships of Silicon Valley Bank and 15 Table of Contents Signature Bank, the FDIC will either provide an offset to insured depository institutions, if the special assessment amount then-collected exceeds losses, or collect from insured depository institutions a one-time final shortfall special assessment, if losses exceed the special assessment then-collected.  In addition, the FDIC will provide an offset to regular quarterly deposit insurance assessments for banks subject to the special assessment if, following the final resolution of litigation between the FDIC and SVB Financial Trust, the total amount collected through the special assessment exceeds the loss estimate at that time. Our uninsured deposits at December 31, 2022 were under $5.0 billion, therefore, we are not currently subject to the special assessment. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or written agreement entered into with the FDIC. Prompt Corrective Action Federal law requires, among other things, that federal banking agencies take “prompt corrective action” (“PCA”) with respect to insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For this purpose, federal law establishes five capital categories: (1) well capitalized, (2) adequately capitalized, (3) undercapitalized, (4) significantly undercapitalized and (5) critically undercapitalized. Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations or financial condition. For example, “brokered deposits,” as defined by FDIC regulations, may only be accepted by well capitalized depository institutions without prior regulatory approval or, with a waiver from the FDIC, by adequately capitalized depository institutions. Institutions that fall into an “undercapitalized” category are subject to a variety of mandatory and discretionary supervisory actions, including a restriction on capital distributions and the requirement to file a capital restoration plan with the regulators. Performance under the capital restoration plan must be guaranteed by the parent bank holding company up to the lesser of the amount of the capital deficiency when deemed undercapitalized. As of December 31, 2025 , Northwest Bank was well capitalized as defined above. Well capitalized Adequately capitalized Undercapitalized Significantly undercapitalized Actual CET1 risk based capital ratio ≥ 6.5% ≥ 4.5% < 4.5% < 3.0% 12.75 % Tier 1 risk based capital ratio ≥ 8.0% ≥ 6.0% < 6.0% < 4.0% 12.75 % Total risk based capital ratio ≥ 10.0% ≥ 8.0% < 8.0% < 6.0% 14.01 % Tier 1 leverage ratio ≥ 5.0% ≥ 4.0% < 4.0% < 3.0% 9.77 % Safety and Soundness Guidelines The federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, have adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards relating to internal controls, risk management, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and compensation, fees and benefits. These guidelines in general require appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage specified risks and exposures. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and characterize compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer or employee, director or principal shareholder. In addition, the federal banking agencies have adopted regulations that authorize but do not require an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by the agency that it is not in compliance with any of the safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan. If after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other actions, including those that may limit growth or capital distributions. Transactions with Affiliates Section 18(j) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act applies the limits of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board ’ s implementing regulation, Regulation W, to transactions between FDIC-insured state nonmember banks and their affiliates, such as Northwest Bank and the Company. In general, transactions with affiliates must be on terms and under circumstances that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank, as comparable transactions with non-affiliates. In addition, certain types of transactions with affiliates are restricted to an aggregate percentage of the bank’s capital stock and surplus. Certain transactions with affiliates are required to be secured by specified collateral. The Company and the Bank are also subject to the “Volcker Rule,” which contains prohibitions on proprietary trading and certain investments in, and relationships with, hedge funds, private equity funds and similar funds. 16 Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank System Northwest Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, Northwest Bank is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank in specified amounts. As of December 31, 2025, Northwest Bank was in compliance with this requirement. Real Estate Lending Standards and Guidance The federal banking agencies have adopted uniform regulations prescribing standards for extensions of credit that are secured by liens or interests in real estate or made for the purpose of financing permanent improvements to real estate. Under these regulations, all insured depository institutions, such as Northwest Bank, must adopt and maintain written policies establishing appropriate limits and standards for extensions of credit that are secured by liens or interests in real estate or are made for the purpose of financing permanent improvements to real estate. These policies must establish loan portfolio diversification standards, prudent underwriting standards (including loan-to-value limits) that are clear and measurable, loan administration procedures, and documentation, approval and reporting requirements. The real estate lending policies must reflect consideration of the federal banking agencies’ Interagency Guidelines for Real Estate Lending Policies. The federal banking agencies have also jointly issued guidance on “Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending” (the “CRE Lending Guidance”), which defines commercial real estate loans as exposures secured by raw land, land development and construction (including 1-4 family residential construction), multi-family property, and non-farm nonresidential property where the primary or a significant source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property (that is, loans for which 50% or more of the source of repayment comes from third-party, non-affiliated, rental income) or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing, or permanent financing of the property. The CRE Lending Guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address key elements, including board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. The required heightened risk management practices could include enhanced strategic planning, underwriting policies, risk management, internal controls, portfolio stress testing and risk exposure limits as well as appropriately designed compensation and incentive programs. Higher allowances for credit losses and capital levels may also be required. The CRE Lending Guidance states that the following metrics may indicate a concentration of commercial real estate loans, bu t that these metrics are neither limits nor a safe harbor: (1) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100% or more of total risk-based capital; or (2) total reported loans secured by multi-family properties, nonfarm non-residential properties (excluding those that are owner-occupied), and loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 300% or more of total risk-based capital and the bank’s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50% or more during the prior 36 months. Community Reinvestment Act All FDIC-insured institutions have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act (the “CRA”) and related regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA requires Northwest Bank’s primary federal banking agency, the FDIC, to assess the institution’s record of compliance with the CRA. Institutions are assigned one of four ratings: “Outstanding,” “Satisfactory,” “Needs to Improve,” or “Substantial Noncompliance.” These ratings under the CRA are taken into account by the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC when considering merger or other specified applications that the Company or Northwest Bank may submit from time to time. Northwest Bank received an “Outstanding” rating at its most recent CRA evaluation. On October 24, 2023, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board, and the OCC issued a final rule to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulations.  In July 2025, the federal banking agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking, which if finalized, would rescind the CRA final rule issued in October 2023 and reinstate that CRA framework that existed prior to the issuance of that rule.  Implementation of the October 2023 final rule, which was subject to an injunction and has not taken effect, would have materially changed the CRA framework, including imposing additional costs and changing how CRA performance would be assessed. Consumer Protection Laws Northwest Bank is subject to a number of federal laws designed to protect its customers. These consumer protection laws apply to a broad range of its activities and to various aspects of its business and include laws relating to interest rates, fair lending, disclosures of credit terms and estimated transaction costs to consumer borrowers, debt collection practices, the use of and the provision of information to consumer reporting agencies, and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. Administration of many of these consumer protection rules are the 17 Table of Contents responsibility of the CFPB, which has exclusive supervisory authority over insured depository institutions with more than $10 billion in total assets and any affiliates thereof. The CFPB also has authority to define and prevent unfair, deceptive and abusive practices in the consumer financial area, and expanded data collecting powers for purposes of determining bank compliance with the fair lending laws. In May 2025, President Trump signed a Congressional Review Act resolution that overturned the CFPB's  December 2024 final rule which would have taken effect October 1, 2025 and imposed certain requirements on overdraft fees, similar to those that apply to credit cards, unless the financial institution limited the overdraft fee to an amount that covers the institution’s costs and losses to provide the service or $5. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has proposed, but not yet finalized, amendments to Regulation II that would lower the cap on debit interchange fees and institute a process for automatically recalculating the debit interchange fee cap every two years based upon a biennial survey of large debit card issuers. The Bank Secrecy Act and USA PATRIOT Act The Bank Secrecy Act (the “BSA”), as amended by the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the “USA PATRIOT Act”), and its implementing regulations require Northwest Bank to implement a compliance program designed to detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit financial crimes. The BSA, as amended, and its implementing regulations require Northwest Bank to, among other things, implement internal controls, policies and procedures; conduct customer due diligence; and adhere to certain recordkeeping and reporting requirements. The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the “AML Act”), enacted as part of the National Defense Authorization Act, requires the U.S. Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) to issue a number of rules that will update and expand the BSA’s regulatory requirements. For example, the AML Act requires FinCEN to issue National Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism Priorities (the “National Priorities”), which the agency did in June 2021, and to conduct studies and issue regulations that may alter some of the due diligence, record-keeping and reporting requirements that the BSA and USA PATRIOT Act impose on banks. FinCEN has yet to issue a final rule that establishes the compliance obligations of financial institutions with respect to the National Priorities, and most of the other mandatory rulemakings under the AML Act remain outstanding. The AML Act also promotes increased information-sharing and use of technology and increases penalties for violations of the BSA and includes whistleblower incentives, both of which could increase the prospect of regulatory enforcement. The USA PATRIOT Act also required the federal banking agencies to take into consideration the effectiveness of controls designed to combat money laundering activities in determining whether to approve a merger or other acquisition application. Accordingly, if we engage in a merger or other acquisition, our controls designed to combat money laundering would be considered as part of the application process. We have established policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with the BSA, as amended, and its implementing regulations. Federal Securities Laws Our common stock is registered with the SEC under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. We are also subject to the proxy rules, tender offer rules, insider trading restrictions, annual and periodic reporting, and other requirements of the Exchange Act. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 was enacted to increase corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies, and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. In particular, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act established, among other things: (i) requirements for audit and other key Board of Directors committees involving independence, expertise levels, and specified responsibilities; (ii) responsibilities regarding the oversight of financial statements by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the reporting company; (iii) standards for auditors and the regulation of audits, including independence provisions which restrict non-audit services that accountants may provide to their audit clients; (iv) increased disclosure and reporting obligations for the reporting company and its directors and executive officers including accelerated reporting of company stock transactions; (v) a prohibition of personal loans to directors and officers, except certain loans made by insured financial institutions on non-preferential terms and in compliance with other bank regulator requirements; and (vii) a range of new and increased civil and criminal penalties for fraud and other violations of the securities laws. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all companies that file or are required to file periodic reports with the SEC, under the Exchange Act. The Company has policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with this Act and its implementing regulations. 18 Table of Contents Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Data privacy and cybersecurity are areas of significant and increasing federal and state regulation. Like other businesses in the U.S., the Company and its non-banking subsidiaries are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to data privacy and cybersecurity. Other federal and state laws and regulations impact the Company’s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes. Moreover, the U.S. Congress has recently considered, and in the future will likely consider, various proposals for more comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, to which the Company and its subsidiaries may be subject if passed. Financial institutions, including the Company and Northwest Bank, are also subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on their ability to share nonpublic personal information about their customers with nonaffiliated third parties; (ii) requires that they provide certain disclosures to customers about their information collection, sharing and security practices and afford customers the right to “opt out” of any information sharing by them with nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); and (iii) requires that they develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing appropriate safeguards based on their size and complexity, the nature and scope of their activities, and the sensitivity of customer information they process, as well as plans for responding to cybersecurity breaches. Like other lenders, Northwest Bank also uses credit bureau data in its underwriting activities, and use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which regulates reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information between affiliates, and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Similar state laws may impose additional requirements on Northwest Bank. In November 2021, the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC adopted a regulation that, among other things, requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulators as soon as possible (and in any event within 36 hours) after identifying a “computer-security incident” that the banking organization believes in good faith has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, its business or operations in a manner that would, among other things, jeopardize the viability of its operations, result in customers being unable to access their deposit and other accounts, result in a material loss of revenue, profit or stock price, or pose a threat to the stability of the U.S. financial sector. The enactment of the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act (“CIRCIA”) in 2022, once rulemaking is complete, will separately require, among other things, covered entities to report significant cyber incidents, including ransomware attacks, to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Agency (“CISA”) within 72 hours from the time the covered entity reasonably believes the incident occurred (and within 24 hours of making a ransom payment as a result of a ransomware attack). The CISA proposed a rule under the CIRCIA in April 2024 that, among other things, would clarify the scope of cyber incidents to be reported and would further define covered entities subject to the CIRCIA to expressly include companies in the financial services sector that are required to report cyber incidents their respective primary federal regulators.  Although the CIRCIA originally required the CISA to finalize its regulations by October 4, 2025, the CISA has extended such deadline to May 2026. States also have enacted, and are increasingly proposing or enacting, legislation that relates to data privacy and cybersecurity, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. For more information on data privacy and cybersecurity-related risks, see “

