TICKER: OLED
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains, as well as volatility in and disruption of financial markets; • our ability to offer and our customers’ willingness to continue to purchase our materials in the event of substantial increases in tariffs or export restrictions resulting from international trade or geopolitical disputes; • our customers' development and use of more efficient manufacturing material processing protocols and complementary material technology advancements that result in the more efficient utilization of our materials, and therefore reduce their requirements for our materials; • the comparative advantages and disadvantages of our OLED technologies and materials versus existing and future  competing technologies and materials in each of the jurisdictions in which our customers are located; • the outcomes of our ongoing and future research and development activities, and those of others, relating to OLED technologies and materials, including advancements that may reduce the need for our PHOLED dopants and enable the utilizations of alternative PHOLED technologies; • our ability to acquire and supply OLED materials and technologies at cost competitive pricing; • our ability to compete against third parties with resources greater than ours and that are based in countries where our significant customers are located; • our ability to respond to and address malicious cybersecurity and IT infrastructure attacks; • our quarterly cash dividend policy; • our future OLED technology licensing and OLED material revenues and results of operations, including supply and demand for our OLED materials; and 1 • general economic and market conditions, including impacts resulting from pandemic outbreaks and geopolitical risks and uncertainties given the international nature of our business. Changes or developments in any of these areas could affect our financial results or results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or the documents incorporated by reference, as the case may be. We do not undertake any duty to update, correct, modify, or supplement any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 2 PAR T I ITEM 1. BU SINESS Our Company We are a leader in the research, development and commercialization of organic light emitting diode (OLED) technologies and materials for use in display and solid-state lighting applications. OLEDs are thin, lightweight and power-efficient solid-state devices that emit light that can be manufactured on both flexible and rigid substrates, making them highly suitable for use in full-color displays and as lighting products. OLED displays are capturing a growing share of the display market, especially in the mobile phone, television, monitor, wearable, tablet, notebook and personal computer, augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR) and automotive markets. We believe that this is because OLEDs offer potential advantages over competing display technologies with respect to power efficiency, contrast ratio, viewing angle, video response time, form factor and manufacturing cost. We also believe that OLED lighting products have the potential to replace many existing light sources in the future because of their high-power efficiency, excellent color rendering index, low operating temperature and novel form factor. Our technology leadership, our current intellectual property position, and our more than 20 years of experience working closely with leading OLED display manufacturers are some of the competitive advantages that should enable us to continue to share in the revenues from OLED displays and lighting products as they continue to gain wider adoption. Our primary business strategy is to (1) develop new OLED materials and sell existing and new materials to product manufacturers for display applications, such as mobile phones, televisions, monitors, wearables, tablets, portable media devices, notebook computers, personal computers and automotive applications, and specialty lighting products; and (2) further develop and either license or otherwise commercialize our proprietary OLED material, device design and manufacturing technologies to those manufacturers. We have established a significant portfolio of proprietary OLED technologies and materials, primarily through our internal research and development efforts and acquisitions of patents and patent applications, as well as maintaining long-standing, and establishing new relationships with world-class universities, research institutions and strategic manufacturing partnerships. We currently own, exclusively license or have the sole right to sublicense more than 7,000 patents issued and pending worldwide. We manufacture and sell our proprietary OLED materials to customers for evaluation and use in commercial OLED products. We also enter into agreements with manufacturers of OLED display and lighting products under which we grant them licenses to practice under our patents and to use our proprietary know-how. At the same time, we work with these and other companies that are evaluating our OLED material, device design and manufacturing technologies for possible use in commercial OLED display and lighting products. Market Overview The Display Panel Market Thin, energy-efficient display panels that can be manufactured on glass or flexible substrates are essential for a wide variety of portable consumer electronics products, such as mobile phones, AR/VR headsets, digital cameras, wearables, tablets and notebook computers. Due to their narrow profile and light weight, flat panel displays are the display of choice for larger product applications, such as computer monitors and televisions. Liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, continue to dominate the flat panel display market. However, we believe that OLED displays are an attractive alternative to LCDs, and OLED displays are gaining market share, because they offer a number of potential advantages, including: • higher power efficiencies, thereby reducing energy consumption; • a thinner profile and lighter weight; • higher contrast ratios, leading to sharper picture images and graphics; • wider viewing angles; • deposition on non-rigid substrates which enable conformable and flexible displays; • faster response times for video and gaming; and • lower cost manufacturing methods and materials. Based on these characteristics, product manufacturers have adopted small-area OLED displays for use in a wide variety of electronic devices, such as smartphones, wearables, notebook computers and tablets. Manufacturers are increasingly commercializing large-area OLED displays for use in televisions and monitors. We believe that if these efforts are successful, they could result in sizeable markets for OLED displays. 3 Organic materials make technically possible the development of flexible displays for use in an entirely new array of product applications. Such applications include display devices that fold in use, or conform to various shapes for wearable, rollable, industrial and ruggedized applications. In addition, due to the inherent transparency of the organic materials and transparent electrode technologies, OLEDs eventually may enable the production of transparent displays for use in products such as automotive windshields and windows with embedded displays. The Solid-State Lighting Market Solid-state lighting relies on the direct conversion of electricity to visible light using semiconductor materials. By avoiding the heat and plasma-producing processes of traditional incandescent bulbs and fluorescent lamps, respectively, solid-state lighting products can have substantially higher energy conversion efficiencies and have been widely adopted in many countries around the world as the use of non-efficient light sources has been curtailed through the adoption of regulatory standards for lighting products. There are currently two basic types of solid-state lighting devices: inorganic light emitting diodes, or LEDs, and OLEDs. Current commercial LED offerings are generally characterized by high operating temperatures and intense brightness which may make them less desirable for many lighting applications. OLEDs, on the other hand, can be designed to provide improved lighting characteristics because they can be larger in size and can be viewed directly, without using diffusers that are required to temper the intense brightness of traditional LEDs. OLEDs can be fabricated onto any suitable surface, including glass, plastic or metal foil, and could be cost-effective to manufacture in high volume. Given these characteristics, product manufacturers are working on and have introduced limited product applications of OLEDs for diffuse specialty lighting applications and ultimately general illumination. If these efforts are successful, we believe that OLED lighting products could begin to be used for applications currently addressed by other existing lighting technologies, as well as for new applications that take advantage of the OLED form factor. In particular, the ability of OLED technology to produce uniform illumination over arbitrary shapes is making OLED lighting very attractive to the automobile industry as well as the digital signage industry. Our Competitive Strengths We believe that we currently are one of the leading technology developers in the OLED industry because we were the first company to develop and commercialize PHOLED emitter technology. Our experienced management and research teams have built an extensive intellectual property portfolio around our OLED technologies and materials, particularly with regard to PHOLED emitter materials, which we continually seek to enhance and grow. We work diligently, through the delivery of high-quality commercial products, superior technical support and customer service, to enable our industry-leading customers, which primarily are large display manufacturers, to adopt our OLED technologies and materials through implementation of long-term commercial material supply and patent and know-how license agreements. Our key competitive strengths include: Technology Leadership We are a recognized technology leader in the OLED industry. We, along with world-class academic partners, pioneered the development of our UniversalPHOLED® phosphorescent OLED technologies, which can be used to produce OLEDs that are up to four times more efficient than fluorescent OLEDs and significantly more efficient than current LCDs, which are illuminated using backlights. We believe that our PHOLED technologies and materials will continue to be well-suited for industry usage in the commercial production of OLED displays and lighting products. Through our internal, innovative research, which has produced the majority of our most critical commercial technologies, our relationships with supplier companies, such as PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG), and our existing and new academic partners, we believe that we can continue to advance the technology we have already developed and commercialized, and that we will continue to discover and develop other important OLED technologies, as well as novel OLED materials, that will facilitate further adoption of our various OLED technologies by product manufacturers. To this end, we operate two state-of-the-art laboratories, or Application Centers, near our larger customers in the Asia-Pacific region. These Application Centers have provided us and our customers with the ability to more quickly evaluate, develop and bring to market our newest OLED materials and technologies. 4 Broad Portfolio of Intellectual Property Generally, each of our commercial offerings is protected by multiple patents which can help us either to prevent or combat the introduction of counterfeit and/or knock-off products that could potentially impact the market demand for our OLED materials and technologies. Our strong patent and non-patented know-how portfolios in the areas of PHOLED emitter materials, complementary PHOLED materials, OLED device designs, and OLED manufacturing technologies are reflective of our continued commitment to innovate and invest. We believe that our extensive portfolio of patents and non-patented know-how provides us with a competitive advantage in the OLED industry. Through our internal development efforts, acquisitions, and long-standing relationships with academic partners, research institutions and product manufacturers, we own, exclusively license or have the sole right to sublicense more than 7,000 patents issued and pending worldwide. We continue to enhance and grow our OLED technology and materials patent portfolio organically through internal research and development, partnering with third parties, and by acquisition. We also continue to accumulate valuable non-patented technical know-how relating to our OLED technologies and materials. Leading Supplier of UniversalPHOLED® Emitter Materials and Related Technology Licensing We are the leading supplier of PHOLED emitter materials to OLED device manufacturers. The emitter material, which is designed to efficiently convert electrical energy to a desired wavelength of light, is the key component in an OLED device. Our manufacturing partner of over 25 years, PPG, continues to manufacture our materials for us, using proprietary manufacturing processes and know-how, which materials we then qualify to our exacting product specifications and resell on a just-in-time basis to OLED device manufacturers. We record revenues based on our sales of these materials to OLED device manufacturers. Our commercial supply agreements typically require our customers to purchase minimum quantities of our materials, which purchases can be in the form of annual minimum purchase undertakings or as a minimum percentage of their purchase requirements, or a combination of both. Our commercial supply arrangements allow us to maintain close technical and business relationships with these OLED device manufacturers purchasing our proprietary materials, and thereby further supports our technology licensing business. We do not directly manufacture or sell OLED display or lighting products. Instead, we enter into non-exclusive licensing arrangements with OLED device manufacturers, many of which also purchase our materials, that pay us fixed license fees and/or running royalties based on their sales of licensed commercial products using our proprietary technology and patents. We believe this business model allows us to concentrate on our core strengths of technology development and innovation, while at the same time provides significant operating leverage. Long-Standing Customer Relationships We have long-standing customer relationships with OLED device manufacturers that are using, or are evaluating for use, our OLED materials in commercial OLED products. We have more than 20 years of experience in working closely with OLED device manufacturers and have provided support to them in their commercialization of OLED technology by delivering customer-specific solutions for red, green, and yellow emitter materials, or dopants. We have a proven track record of delivering consistent, high-quality OLED material to our customers. We provide just-in-time supply to our customers and serve as a sole source to them for many of our critical proprietary PHOLED dopant materials. We believe that our unparalleled manufacturing partners, namely PPG, our well-established supply chain, our multi-tier quality testing, and our product assurance protocols make us a preferred partner for our customers and for any large-scale OLED display manufacturer that wants to deliver to high-quality international end-customers. In 2025, our largest customers for our PHOLED materials included Samsung Display Co., Ltd. (SDC), LG Display Co., Ltd. (LG Display), BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (BOE), Tianma Micro-electronics Co., Ltd. (Tianma), Visionox Technology, Inc. (Visionox) and Wuhan China Star Optoelectronics Semiconductor Display Technology Co., Ltd. (CSOT). Other licensed customers of our technology in 2025 included AU Optronics Corporation (AU Optronics), Kaneka Corporation, Pioneer Corporation, and OLEDWorks L.L.C. 5 Complementary UniversalPHOLED ® Host Material Business In addition to our proprietary UniversalPHOLED® emitter materials, we continue to develop, supply and offer for sale certain of our proprietary phosphorescent host materials to OLED device manufacturers. In addition, we have entered into a number of host material strategic partnerships through development agreements with OLED material partners that are focused on combining our proprietary PHOLED emitters with hosts and other OLED materials of these companies in order to optimize the performance of our emitters in our customers’ newest product designs. We do not believe that revenue from our host development and third-party collaboration agreements will be significant compared with our emitter business. However, we believe that development and collaborative relationships such as these are important for ensuring the continued success of the OLED industry and the broader adoption of our PHOLED and other OLED technologies in the marketplace. Experienced Management and Scientific Advisory Team Our management team has significant experience in developing business models focused on licensing disruptive technologies in high growth industries. The team has strong relationships with, and deep understandings of, our customers and their needs, the commercial marketplace and the OLED industry on the whole. We believe our management team’s experience and long-standing relationships are important to maintaining good and accommodating working relationships with our customers, particularly when we are confronted with challenging technical, regulatory and trade issues given our international reach. In addition, we employ and contract with some of the leading researchers in the industry, and we maintain a long-standing Scientific Advisory Board that includes industry pioneers, namely Professor Stephen R. Forrest of the University of Michigan (Michigan) and Professor Mark E. Thompson of the University of Southern California (USC). Our Business Strategy Our current business strategy is to continue to promote and expand our portfolio of OLED technologies and materials for widespread use in OLED displays and lighting products. We generate revenues primarily by selling our proprietary OLED materials and licensing our OLED technologies to display and lighting product manufacturers. We are presently focused on the following steps to implement our business strategy: Expand Our Collaborative Relationships with Leading Product Manufacturers and Developers We collaborate and partner with leading manufacturers of displays and lighting products who are commercial licensees of our OLED technologies and purchasers of our OLED materials. We also supply our proprietary OLED materials to manufacturers and developers of OLED displays and lighting products for evaluation and for use in product development and for pre-commercial activities, and we provide technical assistance and support to these manufacturers and developers to foster ongoing relationships and new commercial agreements. We concentrate on working closely with OLED device manufacturers and developers because we believe that the successful incorporation of our technologies and materials into commercial products is critical to their widespread adoption. Enhance Our Existing Portfolio of PHOLED Technologies and Materials We believe that a strong portfolio of proprietary OLED technologies and materials for both displays and lighting products is critical to our continued success, particularly as the utilization of PHOLED technologies and materials expands in the marketplace. Consequently, we are continually seeking to expand this portfolio through our internal development efforts, our collaborative relationships with existing and new academic and other research partners, and other strategic opportunities, such as funding early-stage startup companies whose technology may be synergistic to ours. Since the acquisition of the early fundamental research developed by our initial academic partners in the late 1990’s, one of our primary goals has been and continues to be the development of new and improved PHOLED technologies and materials with increased efficiencies, enhanced color gamut and extended lifetimes, which are compatible with different manufacturing methods, so that they can be used by various manufacturers in a broad array of OLED display and lighting products. Develop Next-Generation Organic Technologies We continue to conduct research and development activities relating to next-generation OLED technologies for both displays and lighting products, including next generation emissive layer technologies and dry printing technologies such as organic vapor jet printing (OVJP), which we discuss in more detail below. We also are funding research by existing and new academic partners and research institutions on the use of OLED and other related technologies in other applications. Our focus on next-generation technologies is designed to enable us to maintain our position as a leading provider of OLED and other organic electronics technologies and materials as new markets emerge. 6 Business and Geographic Markets We derive revenue from the following: • sales of OLED materials for evaluation, development and commercial manufacturing; • intellectual property and technology licensing; • technology development and support, including third-party collaboration efforts and providing support to third parties for commercialization of their OLED products; and • contract research services in the areas of chemical synthesis research, development and commercialization for non-OLED applications. Most manufacturers of displays and lighting products who are or might potentially be interested in our OLED technologies and materials are currently located outside of the United States, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. To provide on-the-ground support to these manufacturers, we have established wholly-owned subsidiaries in Ireland, Korea, Japan, China and Hong Kong, as well as a representative office in Taiwan. We have Application Centers in Hong Kong and Pangyo, South Korea, which allow our Asia-based display manufacturers to evaluate our technology more quickly and incorporate the technology into their commercial designs. We are in the process of opening a new Application Center in Chengdu, China which we expect to be operational during the second quarter of 2026. Our wholly-owned subsidiary formed under the laws of the Republic of Ireland, UDC Ireland Ltd. (UDC Ireland), is responsible for all material sales worldwide (excluding the United States) and for licensing and managing intellectual property and undertaking certain other business transactions in all non-U.S. territories. In 2025, we received a majority of our revenue from three customers domiciled in the Asia-Pacific region, BOE, LG Display and SDC, from each of which we had revenue in excess of 10% of our consolidated revenue. Our business is heavily dependent on our relationships with these customers. Substantially all revenue derived from our customers is denominated in U.S. dollars. We generally enter into long-term agreements with our customers, which may include (1) a commercial supply agreement for the purchase of specific OLED materials, and (2) patent and know-how license agreements that relate to the manufacture of display and lighting devices. Generally, our commercial material supply agreements provide for multi-year purchase commitments, typically on a price per gram basis, which entitle our customers to certain discounts, technical support on the use of our OLED materials in mass production facilities, and access to certain future OLED materials. In order to secure preferential pricing and technology access, a customer typically agrees to certain minimum purchase obligations which can be in the form of annual minimum purchase undertakings or a percentage of their purchase requirements, or a combination of both. If a customer does not meet its minimum purchase obligations, generally we would have the right to review pricing for future material sales and impose other financial penalties. Our patent and know-how license agreements generally are made available to our customers for the manufacture of OLED devices. In addition, we also may license to certain material company partners the right to manufacture certain OLED materials that are complementary to our phosphorescent emitter materials. These licenses have included licenses to make host products and certain other non-phosphorescent materials. We believe it is in our, and our customers’ best interests to facilitate the development of materials that are complementary to our offerings and which assist our customers to produce more efficient and manufacturable devices with our materials. These collaboration efforts are likely to generate additional licensing fees for us under our license agreements. Although our customers generally pay us fixed license fees and/or running royalties for OLED licensed products that they manufacture, our material partner licensees generally pay us a portion of their sales for materials that are developed under material collaboration agreements and subsequently commercialized. To date, these material collaboration arrangements have not generated significant revenues for us. For more information on our revenues, costs and expenses associated with our business, as well as a breakdown of revenues from North America and foreign sources, please see our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto, as well as “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” included elsewhere in this report. Our Technology and its Relation to OLED Technology and Structure OLED devices are solid-state semiconductor devices made from thin films of organic material that emit light of various wavelengths when electricity is selectively applied to the emissive layer of the device. OLED devices are typically referred to as incorporating an “OLED stack.” OLED stacks vary in specific structure but those commonly used today may include a cathode, an electron injection layer, an electron transport layer, an emissive layer, a hole transport layer, a hole injection layer and an anode, all of which are placed on a substrate which may be made of a number of different materials, including glass, plastic and metal. 7 Our technology and materials are most commonly utilized in the emissive layer; the materials in the emissive layer are the light-generating component of the OLED stack. Many of our key technologies relate primarily to phosphorescent materials that efficiently harvest energy for the direct and indirect emission of light, which we believe enable more energy efficient utilization of energy conversion to light relative to the use of fluorescent emitter materials that can also be used to generate light within the emissive layer of the OLED device without the assistance of a phosphorescent material. We began selling phosphorescent emitter materials commercially in 2003. A manufacturer will use a small amount of such material for each device through a process called “doping” into a host material. The emitter material(s) and the host material(s) together form an emissive layer system. Depending on the nature of the OLED device, the emissive materials and emissive layer system may be designed to emit different colors. We have commercially produced and sold phosphorescent emitter materials that can produce red, yellow, green and light-blue light, which are combined in various ways for the display and lighting markets. Our current materials business, conducted outside the United States by UDC Ireland, is focused primarily on the delivery of such energy efficient emissive enabling materials. We have also developed host materials for the emissive layer and began selling them commercially in 2011. In addition to our materials, which are generally protected by patents covering various molecular structures, we also have system and process patents that cover various fundamentally important aspects of the OLED device, device architectures, use of materials in devices and OLED manufacturing processes. These patents are important to our licensing business because they enable us to provide our business partners important OLED related technologies. Our PHOLED Technologies PHOLED technologies utilize specialized materials and device structures that enable OLEDs to achieve reduced power consumption thereby providing an energy efficient product. Phosphorescent material can be utilized to enable energy efficient display and lighting performance in multiple ways. The OLED device can be designed so that the energy is harvested, and the light is emitted by the phosphorescent material which is typically referred to as a PHOLED, as is common in current OLED designs. There are OLED design structures that propose combining phosphorescent and fluorescent materials in a common stack, such as device structures that utilize phosphorescent material to harvest energy and then transfer the energy to another material to emit the light, such as through a system referred to as phosphorescent sensitized fluorescence (“PSF”). We believe that without the use of a phosphorescent material, traditional fluorescent OLEDs emit light through an inherently less efficient process. The use of a phosphorescent material to harvest energy for the efficient emission of light, whether directly or indirectly, substantially reduces the power requirements of an OLED and is useful in displays for hand-held devices, such as smartphones, where battery power is often a limiting factor. The efficient emission of light through the use of phosphorescence technology is also important for large-area displays such as televisions, where higher device efficiency and lower heat generation may enable longer product lifetimes and increased energy efficiency. We have a strong intellectual property portfolio surrounding our existing PHOLED technologies and materials for both displays and lighting products which we market under the UniversalPHOLED® brand. We devote a substantial portion of our efforts to developing new and improved proprietary PHOLED materials and device architectures for red, green, yellow, blue and white OLED devices. In 2025, we continued our commercial supply relationships with companies such as BOE, CSOT, LG Display, SDC, Tianma, and Visionox to use our PHOLED materials to manufacture OLED displays. In addition, we have worked and continue to work closely with customers evaluating and qualifying our proprietary PHOLED materials for commercial usage in both displays and lighting products, and with other material suppliers to combine our PHOLED emitters with their phosphorescent hosts and other OLED materials. Our Additional Proprietary OLED Technologies Our intellectual property, research, development and commercialization efforts also encompass a number of other OLED device and manufacturing technologies, including, but not limited to, the following: FOLED  Flexible OLEDs We are working on a number of technologies required for the fabrication of OLEDs on flexible substrates. Most other flat panel displays are built on rigid glass substrates. In contrast, FOLEDs are OLEDs built on non-rigid substrates such as plastic or metal foil. This has the potential to enhance durability and enable conformation to certain shapes or repeated bending or flexing. Many OLED smartphone displays are built on plastic substrates including those produced by many of our customers. Several of our customers demonstrated different foldable and rollable FOLED displays at recent Consumer Electronics Shows in Las Vegas, NV. The commercial introduction of such FOLED product offerings demonstrates the viability of new display product applications, such as portable, roll-up communications televisions, tablets, notebook computers and smartphones, as well as enhances the usefulness of such devices in ruggedized, industrial and wearable computing systems. Manufacturers also may be able to produce FOLEDs using more efficient continuous, or roll-to-roll, processing methods in the future. Our internal research and development efforts are expected to enhance and promote the future adoption of consumer and industrial FOLED devices. 8 Universal Vapor Jet Printing (UVJP) OLEDs could be manufactured using other processes as well, including UVJP, which was previously referred to as Organic Vapor Jet Printing, or OVJP. As a direct printing technique, UVJP technology has the potential to offer high deposition rates for large-area OLEDs. In addition, UVJP technology reduces OLED material waste associated with use of a shadow mask (i.e., the waste of material that deposits on the shadow mask itself when fabricating an OLED). By comparison to inkjet printing, a UVJP process does not use liquid solvents and therefore the OLED materials utilized are not limited by their viscosity or solvent solubility. UVJP also avoids generation of solvent wastes and eliminates the additional step of removing residual solvent from the OLED device. In December 2024, we relocated the research and development for UVJP to our newly formed subsidiary, Universal Vapor Jet Corporation Pte. Ltd. (UVJC) in Singapore. While we continue to focus on the long-term opportunity in the large-area display market for UVJP, our UVJC subsidiary continues to assess additional market opportunities where this technology may be transformative. We believe the successful implementation of UVJP technology has the potential to grow the market for our proprietary PHOLED materials and technologies. Our Strategic Relationships with Product Manufacturers We have established early-stage evaluation programs, development and pre-commercial programs, and commercial arrangements with a substantial number of manufacturers or potential manufacturers of OLED display and lighting products. Many of these relationships are directed towards tailoring our proprietary OLED technologies and materials for use by individual manufacturers. Our ultimate objective is to license our OLED technologies and sell our OLED materials to these manufacturers for their commercial production of OLED products. Relationships with OLED Display Manufacturers We license our OLED technologies and patents to display manufacturers for use in commercial products and supply our proprietary OLED materials to these manufacturers for both commercial use and evaluative purposes. We have been collaborating with some of these display manufacturers for over 20 years. We have been working with SDC and providing our PHOLED materials to SDC for evaluation since 2001. Under the terms of a patent license agreement, we license our patents and technologies to SDC for its manufacture and sale of AMOLED (active-matrix organic light-emitting diode) display products. Under the terms of a supplemental purchase agreement, we supply our proprietary PHOLED materials to SDC for its use in manufacturing licensed products. We also continue to supply SDC with our proprietary UniversalPHOLED materials for use in its development efforts under a 2001 joint development agreement. On December 2, 2022, we entered into new patent license and supplemental purchase agreements with SDC, both with an effective date of January 1, 2023. These agreements, which cover the manufacture and sale of specified OLED display materials, last through the end of 2027 with an additional two-year extension option for SDC. Under these agreements, we are being paid a license fee, which includes quarterly and annual payments over the agreement term. These agreements convey to SDC the non-exclusive right to use certain of our intellectual property assets for a limited period of time that is less than the estimated life of the assets. The supplemental purchase agreement provides for minimum annual purchase obligations of red and green phosphorescent emitter material from us for use in the manufacture of licensed products. The minimum commitment is subject to SDC’s requirements for phosphorescent emitter materials and our ability to meet these requirements over the term of the supplemental agreement. SDC is currently the largest manufacturer of AMOLED displays for smartphones and other personal electronic devices and produces displays for a number of different smartphone and electronic device manufacturers. We have been working with LG Display and its affiliates for over 15 years. In 2015, we entered into an OLED patent license agreement and an OLED commercial supply agreement with LG Display. In 2021, we and LG Display entered into new agreements that extended the terms of these agreements at least through the end of 2025. The patent license agreement provides LG Display a non-exclusive, royalty bearing portfolio license to make and sell OLED displays under their patent portfolio. The patent license calls for minimum annual license fees and additional incremental license fees based on LG Display’s volume of sale of licensed products. The OLED commercial supply agreement provides for the sale of dopant and host materials for use by LG Display. LG Display is currently the largest manufacturer of AMOLED displays for large-area televisions and produces display panels for a number of different television manufacturers. In 2023, we entered into new long-term, multi-year agreements with BOE. Under these agreements, we have granted BOE non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. We also supply phosphorescent OLED materials to BOE for use in its licensed products. 9 In 2019, we entered into an evaluation and commercial supply relationship with CSOT. In 2020, we entered into long-term, multi-year agreements with CSOT. Under these agreements, we have granted CSOT non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. We also supply phosphorescent OLED materials to CSOT for use in its licensed products. In 2024, we entered into new long-term, multi-year agreements with Visionox Technology, Inc. (Visionox). Under these agreements, we have granted Visionox non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. Additionally, we supply phosphorescent OLED materials to Visionox for use in its licensed products. In 2025, we entered into long-term, multi-year OLED patent license and material purchase agreements with Tianma. Under the agreements, we have granted Tianma non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. Additionally, we supply phosphorescent OLED materials to Tianma for use in its licensed products. We have been collaborating with AU Optronics since 2001, and we continue to provide our proprietary PHOLED materials to AU Optronics under a 2016 commercial supply agreement through which AU Optronics also has certain license rights. We also continue to support numerous display manufacturers in their evaluation of our technologies and proprietary OLED materials, through evaluation arrangements in which we provide our proprietary OLED materials to such manufacturers for limited scale commercial production, evaluation and for purposes of development, manufacturing qualification and product testing. Many of these strategic relationships have been in place for longer than a decade, and we continue to establish new relationships. Relationships with OLED Lighting Manufacturers We license our OLED technologies and patents to lighting manufacturers for use in commercial products and supply our proprietary OLED materials to these manufacturers for both commercial use and evaluative purposes. Some of these strategic relationships have also been in place for longer than a decade. We continue to license our OLED patents, and to provide our OLED materials, to OLEDWorks for use in OLED lighting products under patent license and commercial supply agreements signed in 2015. We have also extended the rights under these agreements to OLEDWorks GmbH, the German company and facility that OLEDWorks acquired in 2015 from Philips Technologie GmbH. We also have strategic relationships with Kaneka, Konica Minolta and Sumitomo, and continue to license our OLED patents and technologies to these customers. Similar to our arrangements with display manufacturers, we continue to support numerous lighting manufacturers in their evaluation of our technologies and proprietary OLED materials, typically through evaluation agreements under which we provide our proprietary OLED materials to such manufacturers for evaluation and potential commercial application. Relationships with Manufacturers for Other Commercial Products In addition to our relationships with lighting and display manufacturers, we have agreements and arrangements with manufacturers or potential manufacturers to use our proprietary OLED technologies and materials in other commercial products, such as in automotive interiors and exteriors. Our OLED Materials Manufacturing Business We supply our proprietary UniversalPHOLED® materials to display manufacturers, lighting manufacturers and others. These materials are produced in batch quantities by PPG to our exacting product specifications using our manufacturing process and know-how. We qualify each batch of emitters at our device qualification facilities to ensure that they meet required specifications, and we store qualified product inventory for delivery to our customers. We believe that our inventory-carrying practices, along with the terms under which we sell our OLED materials (including payment terms), are typical for the markets in which we operate. In 2025, we completed successful Surveillance Audits on our ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Systems, our ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Systems, and our ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems. 10 PPG We have maintained a close working relationship with PPG since 2000. In 2011, we entered into an agreement with PPG, the term of which, by amendment in February 2021, continues through December 31, 2026, and thereafter is automatically renewed for additional one-year terms, unless terminated by us with prior notice of one year or terminated by PPG with prior notice of two years. Under that agreement, PPG is responsible, under our direction, for manufacturing scale-up of our proprietary OLED materials, and for supplying us with those materials. We use these materials for our own research and development as well as for resale to our customers, both for their evaluation and for use in commercial OLED products. Through our collaboration with PPG, key raw materials are sourced from multiple suppliers to ensure that we are able to meet the needs of our customers on a timely basis. We have not had any issues with obtaining access to adequate amounts of any key raw materials. In February 2021, we entered into an amendment to the PPG agreement extending the term of the agreement and specifying operation and maintenance services that will be provided by PPG affiliate, PPG SCM Ireland Limited (PPG SCM), to UDC Ireland at our manufacturing site in Shannon, Ireland, which we began leasing at such time for the production of our OLED materials. The Shannon manufacturing facility became operational in June 2022. We purchased the site in September 2023 and amended and restated the February 2021 amendment to the PPG agreement to reflect our ownership and PPG SCM’s updated operation and maintenance services after such purchase. The Shannon manufacturing facility provides incremental manufacturing capacity to meet our expanding production needs, and allows for the geographical diversification of our manufacturing base for the world-wide distribution of our materials. As with our initial agreement with PPG, under our amended and restated 2021 amendment we compensate PPG on a cost-plus basis for the services provided at the Shannon manufacturing facility. Collaborations with Other OLED Material Manufacturers We continued our non-exclusive collaborative relationships with OLED material manufacturing customers during 2025. Most of these relationships are focused on combining our proprietary PHOLED emitting dopants with hosts and other OLED materials of these companies in an effort to optimize our PHOLED emitting dopant products and deliver a high-performance system to the end customer. Our product manufacturing customers are not required to purchase host materials from us. As a result, we do not believe these collaboration efforts will generate significant revenue for us as compared to our dopant and licensing businesses. We believe, however, that collaborative relationships such as these are important for ensuring success of the OLED industry and broader adoption of our PHOLED and other OLED technologies. Research and Development Our research and development activities are focused on the advancement of our OLED technologies and materials for displays, lighting and other applications. We conduct this research and development primarily internally and also through various relationships with commercial business partners, academic partners, and research institutions. Our venture capital company, UDC Ventures LLC, continues to seek to invest in companies that we believe are developing synergistic or complementary technologies to ours. Internal Development Efforts Ewing, New Jersey Facility We conduct a substantial portion of our OLED development activities at our state-of-the-art development and testing facility in Ewing, New Jersey. At this expanded facility, which now exceeds 50,000 square feet, we perform technology development, including device and process optimization, prototype fabrication, manufacturing scale-up studies, process and product testing, characterization and reliability studies, and technology transfer with our business partners. Our Ewing facility houses multiple OLED deposition systems, including numerous display fabrication tools. In addition, the facility contains equipment for substrate patterning, organic material deposition, display packaging, module assembly and extensive testing in Class 100 and 100,000 clean rooms and opto-electronic test laboratories. Our facility also includes state-of-the-art synthetic and analytical chemistry laboratories in which we conduct OLED materials research and make small quantities of new materials that we then test in OLED devices. Application Centers In addition to our laboratory facilities in Ewing, New Jersey, we have Application Centers in Hong Kong and Pangyo, South Korea and are in the process of opening a center in Chengdu, China. These centers, which include state-of-the-art OLED laboratories, better assist our Asia-based customers in their timely evaluation and adoption of our proprietary PHOLED materials, know-how and technologies in their respective PHOLED designs. We purchased the real estate housing our Application Center in Pangyo, South Korea in May 2023. 11 Our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization: Adesis, Inc. In 2016, we acquired Adesis, Inc. (Adesis), a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) that provides support services to the OLED, pharma, biotech, catalysis and other industries. Adesis currently operates in its headquarters facility, which it purchased in 2017 and consists of over 47,500 square feet in New Castle, Delaware, and in another, leased, over 49,000 square foot facility in Wilmington, Delaware. As of December 31, 2025, Adesis employed a team of 137 research scientists, chemists, engineers and laboratory technicians. Although we expect to continue to utilize the majority of its technology research capacity for the benefit of our OLED technology development, Adesis is expected to continue operating as a CDMO in the above-mentioned industries. University-Sponsored Research Original Academic Partners We have long-standing relationships with Princeton University (Princeton) and USC for the conduct of research relating to our OLED and other organic thin-film technologies and materials for applications such as displays and lighting. This research, subject to an agreement entered into by the parties (as amended, the 1997 Amended License Agreement) had been performed at Princeton under the direction of Professor Forrest and at USC under the direction of Professor Thompson. In 2006, Professor Forrest transferred to Michigan, where we continue to fund his research. Since 2006, in connection with Dr. Forrest’s transfer, we entered into a new sponsored research agreement with USC under which we are funding organic electronics research being conducted by Drs. Forrest and Thompson (the 2006 Research Agreement). Work by Professor Forrest is being funded through a subcontract between USC and Michigan. The 2006 Research Agreement currently extends through April 2028. We make payments under the 2006 Research Agreement to USC on a quarterly basis as actual expenses are incurred. As of December 31, 2025, we were obligated to pay USC up to $6.3 million for work to be performed during the remaining extended term. Other Academic Relationships Over the years, we have also entered into research agreements with various universities and research institutions that have been able to provide tailored research capabilities and insights relating to our PHOLED technology. As the utilization of PHOLED technology continues to expand, we intend to further engage key researchers at other universities and research institutions to help identify additional fundamental technologies that could benefit PHOLED technology implementation. Intellectual Property Along with our personnel, our primary and most fundamental assets are patents and other intellectual property. This includes more than 7,000 U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications that we own, exclusively license or have the sole right to sublicense. It also includes a substantial body of non-patented technical know-how that we have accumulated over time. Our Patents Our research and development activities, conducted both internally and through collaborative programs with third parties, have resulted in our filing of a substantial number of patent applications relating to our OLED technologies and materials. These patents that we own represent, among other things, innovations beyond the original fundamental PHOLED conceptual patents that we license from our university research partners, described below. Although many of these licensed fundamental conceptual patents have expired, our internal research efforts include essential innovations that have generated commercially viable implementations of the original PHOLED concepts and patents. As of December 31, 2025, our portfolio included more than 7,000 unexpired issued patents and pending patent applications around the world. 12 Patents We License from Research Partners We exclusively license patent rights from a number of university research partners. Generally, we sponsor scientific researchers at universities to undertake pre-defined research programs, and in exchange we receive license rights to patents that may be developed under the programs. As part of these programs, we may provide compensation in the form of support for research program-related activities, reimbursement for patent related costs, as well as providing for some forms of licensing and/or sublicensing fees for licensed technology that is commercialized by us or our customers. We have expanded our sponsored research programs over the past 10 years to include additional scientific researchers at a number of different institutions that we believe can provide breakthroughs in promising new fields of research that may benefit the OLED marketplace. As of December 31, 2025, the patent rights we exclusively license from all our university research partners included more than 600 issued patents and pending patent applications in jurisdictions around the world. Under our university patent license agreements, we are generally free to sublicense to third parties all or any portion of the licensed patent rights for the life of the licensed patents, though our rights are subject to termination for an uncured material breach or default by us, or if we become bankrupt or insolvent. As part of our university license agreements, we may be required to compensate the universities to the extent we, or our sublicensees, utilize the licensed technology in commercial products. Under the 1997 Amended License Agreement we are required to pay Princeton royalties for licensed products sold by us or our sublicensees. These royalties amount to 3% of the net sales price for licensed products sold by us and 3% of the revenues we receive for licensed patents used by our sublicensees. We owed royalties under the 1997 Amended License Agreement of $450,000 for the year ended December 31, 2025. Acquired Patents and Other Intellectual Property From time to time we acquire patents and other intellectual property that we believe provide strategic business opportunities, such as the patent and technology portfolio we acquired from Motorola Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a Motorola, Inc.) (Motorola) in 2011, Fujifilm Corporation in 2012 and the following portfolios from BASF, and Merck KGaA: Patents We Acquired from BASF In 2016, UDC Ireland entered into an IP Transfer Agreement (the BASF Agreement) with BASF. Under the BASF Agreement, BASF sold us more than 500 OLED-related patents and patent applications for a total cost of $96.0 million. The transactions contemplated by the BASF Agreement were consummated on June 28, 2016. Patents We Acquired from Merck KGaA In 2023, UDC Ireland entered into a Patent Sale and License Agreement with Merck KGaA. Under this agreement, Merck KGaA sold to UDC Ireland all of its rights, title and interest to over 550 of its owned and licensed OLED-related patents and patent applications in exchange for a cash payment of $66 million. The Patent Sale and License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties. UDC Ireland recorded the payment of $66 million as acquired technology, which is being amortized over a period of 10 years. The transactions contemplated by the Merck KGaA Agreement were consummated on April 28, 2023. In October 2025, UDC Ireland entered into an Intellectual Property Sales Agreement with Merck KGaA. Under this agreement, UDC Ireland agreed to acquire from Merck KGaA all of its rights, title and interest to more than 300 of its OLED-related patents and patent applications in exchange for cash payments totaling $50 million. The Intellectual Property Sale Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties. The transaction closed during January 2026 and the acquired assets will be amortized over a period of 10 years. Non-patented Technical Know-How We have accumulated, and continue to accumulate, a substantial amount of non-patented technical know-how relating to OLED technologies and materials. Where practicable, we share portions of this information with display manufacturers and other business partners on a confidential basis. We also employ various methods to protect this information from unauthorized use or disclosure, although no such methods can afford complete protection. Moreover, because we derive some of this information and know-how from academic institutions, there is an increased potential for public disclosure. We also cannot prevent the actual independent development of the same or similar information and know-how by third parties. Competition The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. We compete against alternative display technologies, in particular LCDs, as well as other OLED technologies. We also compete in the lighting market against technologies, such as fluorescent bulbs, and inorganic LEDs, and against emerging technologies, such as other OLED technologies. 13 Display Panel Industry Competitors Numerous domestic and foreign companies have developed or are developing and improving LCD, which includes quantum dot LCDs (which are sometimes referred to as QLEDs), and other early-stage display technologies, including microLED technologies, that are attempting to compete with our OLED display technologies. OLED display technologies compete with LCDs, QLEDs and other display technologies for many product applications on the basis of lower power consumption, better contrast ratios, faster video rates, form factor and lower manufacturing cost. However, other companies may succeed in continuing to improve these competing display technologies, or in developing new display technologies, that are superior to OLED display technologies in various respects. We cannot predict the timing or extent to which such improvements or developments may occur. Lighting Industry Competitors Although there has been a movement to phase out traditional incandescent bulbs throughout many countries, traditional incandescent bulbs and fluorescent lamps remain entrenched products in the lighting industry. The primary competition for OLED lighting products is compact fluorescent lamps and solid-state LEDs, which have realized significant market adoption in the general lighting market. Having attributes different from fluorescent lamps and LEDs, OLEDs may compete directly with these products for certain lighting applications. However, manufacturers of LEDs and compact fluorescent lamps may succeed in more broadly adapting their products to various lighting applications, or others may develop competing solid-state lighting technologies that are superior to OLEDs. Again, we cannot predict whether or when this might occur. OLED Technologies and Materials Competitors Eastman Kodak Company (Kodak) developed and patented the original fluorescent OLED technology in 1987. Cambridge Display Technology, Ltd. (CDT), which was acquired by Sumitomo Chemical Company in 2007, developed and patented polymer OLED technology in 1989. Display and lighting manufacturers, including customers of ours, are engaged in their own OLED research, development and commercialization activities, and have developed and may continue to develop proprietary OLED technologies and materials that are necessary or useful for commercial OLED devices. In addition, other material manufacturers, such as Sumitomo, Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. (Idemitsu Kosan), Merck KGaA, Kyulux Inc., Summer Sprout Technology, UIV OLED, Aglaia Tech, Jilin OLED Photoelectric Materials Co., Ltd., and Nanjing Topto Semiconductor Materials Co., Ltd. are selling or sampling competing OLED materials to customers, including companies to which we sell our proprietary PHOLED materials. Our licensing business is based on our control of a broad portfolio of OLED-related device patents and technologies. We believe this portfolio includes fundamental patents in the field of phosphorescent OLED materials and devices, as well as certain additional complementary OLED technologies. As discussed above, alternative technologies, such as fluorescent OLED emitter materials, exist and could be competitive to our phosphorescent OLED material solutions. However, fluorescent materials have characteristics that we believe many market participants consider less desirable than those of phosphorescent materials. Suppliers of fluorescent emitter materials include Solus Advanced Materials Co., Ltd., Dow Chemical (previously Gracel Display), Idemitsu Kosan and SFC Co. Ltd. Fluorescent materials may also be viewed as complementary in that they can be used in the same OLED stack as phosphorescent materials, and within the same emissive layer as phosphorescent materials to provide unique performance characteristics. The competitive landscape with respect to our host materials business is characterized by a larger number of established chemical material suppliers who have long-term relationships with many of our existing customers and licensees. We have elected to partner with certain of these companies to manufacture and deliver host solutions to our customers, as well as selling our host materials directly to device manufacturers. We believe our competitive advantage stems, in part, from our deep knowledge of our phosphorescent emitter materials, which are complementary with the host solutions. We believe that our understanding of phosphorescent emitter materials enables us to create host material solutions that are especially well suited for use with a certain class of emitter materials that are implemented commercially today. However, we note that many of our technology partners have their own host solutions and the competitive landscape includes many well-established companies such as Solus Advanced Materials Co., Ltd., Dow Chemical, Duksan Neolux Co., Ltd., Idemitsu Kosan, Merck KGaA, NSCC, Beijing Sineva Technology Co., Ltd., China Ray, Lumilan, Eternal Material Technology (EMT) and Samsung SDI Co. Ltd. These companies have significant resources, and some may aggressively pursue such business in the future. Our existing business relationships with SDC and other product manufacturers suggest that our OLED technologies and materials, particularly our PHOLED technologies and materials, may achieve a significant level of market penetration in the display and lighting industries. However, others, such as those working to develop thermally activated delayed fluorescence (TADF) and phosphorescent sensitized fluorescence, may succeed in developing new OLED technologies, materials and alternative solutions that may supplement, replace or reduce the quantity of our PHOLED material used in commercial devices. We cannot be sure of the extent to which product manufacturers will adopt and continue to utilize our OLED technologies and materials for the production of commercial displays and lighting products. 14 Our Venture Capital Business: UDC Ventures LLC Our wholly-owned subsidiary, UDC Ventures LLC, is a corporate venture capital entity that funds companies we believe are developing innovative products and technologies that may be synergistic or complementary to our business and/or business strategies or which may otherwise provide favorable investment opportunities. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we had 469 active employees, none of whom are unionized. Of these employees, 340 are research scientists, engineers and laboratory technicians at our domestic and international facilities. This team includes chemists, physicists, engineers and technicians with physics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering and organic/inorganic chemistry backgrounds, and highly-trained theoreticians and experimentalists. We believe that relations with our employees are good. Guided by our values, we are committed to creating a company where everyone is included and respected, and where we support each other in reaching our full potential. We are committed to diverse representation across all levels of our workforce to reflect the vibrant and thriving diversity of the communities in which we live and work. Women represent 40% of our executive management team, 14% of our leadership (Director level and above) and 23% of our total workforce, as well as 50% of our Board of Directors. We have employees from over 25 countries in our workforce, and we believe that a diverse workforce made up of people with different ideas, strengths, interests and cultural backgrounds drives employee and business success. In 2025 our voluntary turnover rate was 5% and our overall employee growth rate remained flat. Additional data, including historical turnover and diversity information, as well as our corporate policies relating to our employee engagement and human capital, are updated on our website www.oled.com, and included in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. Our Company History Our corporation was organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1985. Our business commenced in 1994 through the operations of a company then known as Universal Display Corporation, which had been incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey. In 1995, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours merged into this New Jersey corporation. The surviving corporation in this merger became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours and changed its name to UDC, Inc. Simultaneously with the consummation of this merger, we changed our name to Universal Display Corporation. UDC, Inc. functions as an operating subsidiary of ours and has certain overlapping officers and directors. We have also formed or acquired other wholly-owned subsidiaries, including Universal Display Corporation Hong Kong, Limited (2008), Universal Display Corporation Korea, Y.H. (2010), Universal Display Corporation Japan GK (2011), UDC Ireland Limited (2012), Universal Display Corporation China, Ltd. (2016), Adesis, Inc. (2016), UDC Ventures LLC (2019), OLED Material Manufacturing Limited (2020), OVJP Corporation (2020), Universal Vapor Jet Corporation Pte. Ltd. (2024), and UDC Chengdu OLED Technology, Ltd. (2025), and we established a representative office in Taiwan (2011). Our Compliance with Environmental Protection Laws We are not aware of any material effects that compliance with Federal, state or local environmental protection laws or regulations will have on our business. We have not incurred substantial costs to comply with any environmental protection laws or regulations, and we do not anticipate having to do so in the foreseeable future. Our Internet Site Our Internet address is www.oled.com . We make available through our Internet website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports as well as proxy statements and information regarding issuers who file electronically, with the address www.sec.gov . In addition, we have made available on our Internet website under the heading “Corporate Governance” the charter for the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, the charter for the Human Capital Committee of our Board of Directors, the charter for the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors, our Code of Ethics & Business Conduct for Employees, our Code of Conduct for Directors, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We intend to make available on our Internet website any future amendments or waivers to our Code of Ethics & Business Conduct for Employees and our Code of Conduct for Directors. The information on our Internet website is not part of this report. 15 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of February 19, 2026: Name Age Position Steven V. Abramson 74 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Julia J. Brown 64 Executive Vice President and Chief Technical Officer Janice K. Mahon 68 Senior Vice President of Technology Commercialization and General Manager, Commercial Sales Business Brian Millard 43 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Mauro Premutico 60 Senior Vice President, Planning, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Our Board of Directors has appointed these executive officers to hold office until their successors are duly appointed. Steven V. Abramson is our President and Chief Executive Officer, and has been a member of our Board of Directors since May 1996. Mr. Abramson served as our President and Chief Operating Officer from May 1996 through December 2007. From March 1992 to May 1996, Mr. Abramson was Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Treasurer of Roy F. Weston, Inc., a worldwide environmental consulting and engineering firm. From December 1982 to December 1991, Mr. Abramson held various positions at InterDigital, Inc., including General Counsel, Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Technology Licensing Division. Julia J. Brown, Ph.D. became our Executive Vice President in April 2021, prior to which she served as a Senior Vice President since June 2008. She has been our Chief Technical Officer since June 2002 and joined us in June 1998 as our Vice President of Technology Development. From 1991 to 1998, Dr. Brown was a Research Department Manager at Hughes Research Laboratories where she directed the pilot line production of high-speed Indium Phosphide-based integrated circuits for insertion into advanced airborne radar and satellite communication systems. Dr. Brown received an M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering/Electrophysics at USC and a B.S.E.E. from Cornell University. Dr. Brown holds a number of distinguished elected awards including Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Fellow of the Society of Information Display (SID), and the National Academy of Engineers (NAE). Janice K. Mahon became our Senior Vice President, Technology Commercialization and General Manager, Commercial Sales Business in April 2021, and previously served as our Vice President of Technology Commercialization since January 1997, and General Manager of our PHOLED Material Sales Business since January 2007. From 1992 to 1996, Ms. Mahon was Vice President of SAGE Electrochromics, Inc., a thin-film electrochromic technology company, where she oversaw a variety of business development, marketing, finance and administrative activities. From 1984 to 1989, Ms. Mahon was a Vice President and General Manager for Chronar Corporation, a leading developer and manufacturer of amorphous silicon photovoltaic (PV) panels. Prior to that, Ms. Mahon worked as Senior Engineer for the Industrial Chemicals Division of FMC Corporation. Ms. Mahon received her B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1979, and an M.B.A. from Harvard University in 1984. Ms. Mahon was a member of the Technical Council of the FlexTech Alliance from 1997 through 2010, and a member of its Governing Board from 2008 through 2010. Ms. Mahon was a member of the Board of Directors and Marketing Committee Chairperson of the OLED Association from 2009-2014. Brian Millard is our Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Millard joined us in September 2022 with more than 15 years of financial, operational and strategic experience across several industries. Prior to joining us, Mr. Millard served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller at Emergent BioSolutions from January 2020 to September 2022 and as Vice President, Corporate Controller from October 2017 to January 2020. Previously, Mr. Millard served as Vice President, Corporate Controller at Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., from August 2015 to October 2017 and Assistant Corporate Controller from March 2014 to August 2015. Mr. Millard also served in financial reporting leadership roles at Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Mr. Millard began his career at Deloitte & Touche LLP. He received his M.S. and B.B.A. degrees in accounting from James Madison University and is a licensed certified public accountant. Mauro Premutico has served as our Secretary since September 2022, and our Senior Vice President, Planning, and Chief Legal Officer since April 2021. He previously served as our Vice President of Legal and General Manager of Patents and Licensing since April 2012. Prior to joining us, Mr. Premutico was the Managing Vice President and Chief Patent Counsel for The Walt Disney Company from 2009 to 2012, and Vice President of Intellectual Property and Associate General Counsel for Lenovo Group Ltd. from 2005 to 2009. Mr. Premutico received a J.D. from Boston University School of Law, an M.B.A. from Yale University, and a B.S.E.E. from Worcester Polytechnic Institute. 16

--- VENDORS ---
vendors may or could have access to our confidential information making such systems vulnerable. Data breaches of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party vendors, may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. While we believe that we have taken appropriate security measures to protect our data and information technology systems, and have been informed by our third-party vendors that they have as well, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems, or those of our third-party vendors, that could adversely affect our business. Natural disasters or other unforeseen catastrophic events could unfavorably affect our business. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tsunamis, or earthquakes, particularly in Asia-Pacific region, where many of our customers are located, or the occurrence of other unforeseen catastrophic events, such a fire or flood, could unfavorably affect our business and financial performance. Such events could unfavorably affect our customers in many ways, such as causing physical damage to one or more of their properties, the temporary or permanent closure of one or more plants, the disruption or cessation of

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partnerships. We currently own, exclusively license or have the sole right to sublicense more than 7,000 patents issued and pending worldwide. We manufacture and sell our proprietary OLED materials to customers for evaluation and use in commercial OLED products. We also enter into agreements with manufacturers of OLED display and lighting products under which we grant them licenses to practice under our patents and to use our proprietary know-how. At the same time, we work with these and other companies that are evaluating our OLED material, device design and manufacturing technologies for possible use in commercial OLED display and lighting products. Market Overview The Display Panel Market Thin, energy-efficient display panels that can be manufactured on glass or flexible substrates are essential for a wide variety of portable consumer electronics products, such as mobile phones, AR/VR headsets, digital cameras, wearables, tablets and notebook computers. Due to their narrow profile and light weight, flat panel displays are the display of choice for larger product applications, such as computer monitors and televisions. Liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, continue to dominate the flat panel display market. However, we believe that OLED displays are an attractive alternative to LCDs, and OLED displays are gaining market share, because they offer a number of potential advantages, including: • higher power efficiencies, thereby reducing energy consumption; • a thinner profile and lighter weight; • higher contrast ratios, leading to sharper picture images and graphics; • wider viewing angles; • deposition on non-rigid substrates which enable conformable and flexible displays; • faster response times for video and gaming; and • lower cost manufacturing methods and materials. Based on these characteristics, product manufacturers have adopted small-area OLED displays for use in a wide variety of electronic devices, such as smartphones, wearables, notebook computers and tablets. Manufacturers are increasingly commercializing large-area OLED displays for use in televisions and monitors. We believe that if these efforts are successful, they could result in sizeable markets for OLED displays. 3 Organic materials make technically possible the development of flexible displays for use in an entirely new array of product applications. Such applications include display devices that fold in use, or conform to various shapes for wearable, rollable, industrial and ruggedized applications. In addition, due to the inherent transparency of the organic materials and transparent electrode technologies, OLEDs eventually may enable the production of transparent displays for use in products such as automotive windshields and windows with embedded displays. The Solid-State Lighting Market Solid-state lighting relies on the direct conversion of electricity to visible light using semiconductor materials. By avoiding the heat and plasma-producing processes of traditional incandescent bulbs and fluorescent lamps, respectively, solid-state lighting products can have substantially higher energy conversion efficiencies and have been widely adopted in many countries around the world as the use of non-efficient light sources has been curtailed through the adoption of regulatory standards for lighting products. There are currently two basic types of solid-state lighting devices: inorganic light emitting diodes, or LEDs, and OLEDs. Current commercial LED offerings are generally characterized by high operating temperatures and intense brightness which may make them less desirable for many lighting applications. OLEDs, on the other hand, can be designed to provide improved lighting characteristics because they can be larger in size and can be viewed directly, without using diffusers that are required to temper the intense brightness of traditional LEDs. OLEDs can be fabricated onto any suitable surface, including glass, plastic or metal foil, and could be cost-effective to manufacture in high volume. Given these characteristics, product manufacturers are working on and have introduced limited product applications of OLEDs for diffuse specialty lighting applications and ultimately general illumination. If these efforts are successful, we believe that OLED lighting products could begin to be used for applications currently addressed by other existing lighting technologies, as well as for new applications that take advantage of the OLED form factor. In particular, the ability of OLED technology to produce uniform illumination over arbitrary shapes is making OLED lighting very attractive to the automobile industry as well as the digital signage industry. Our Competitive Strengths We believe that we currently are one of the leading technology developers in the OLED industry because we were the first company to develop and commercialize PHOLED emitter technology. Our experienced management and research teams have built an extensive intellectual property portfolio around our OLED technologies and materials, particularly with regard to PHOLED emitter materials, which we continually seek to enhance and grow. We work diligently, through the delivery of high-quality commercial products, superior technical support and customer service, to enable our industry-leading customers, which primarily are large display manufacturers, to adopt our OLED technologies and materials through implementation of long-term commercial material supply and patent and know-how license agreements. Our key competitive strengths include: Technology Leadership We are a recognized technology leader in the OLED industry. We, along with world-class academic partners, pioneered the development of our UniversalPHOLED® phosphorescent OLED technologies, which can be used to produce OLEDs that are up to four times more efficient than fluorescent OLEDs and significantly more efficient than current LCDs, which are illuminated using backlights. We believe that our PHOLED technologies and materials will continue to be well-suited for industry usage in the commercial production of OLED displays and lighting products. Through our internal, innovative research, which has produced the majority of our most critical commercial technologies, our relationships with supplier companies, such as PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG), and our existing and new academic partners, we believe that we can continue to advance the technology we have already developed and commercialized, and that we will continue to discover and develop other important OLED technologies, as well as novel OLED materials, that will facilitate further adoption of our various OLED technologies by product manufacturers. To this end, we operate two state-of-the-art laboratories, or Application Centers, near our larger customers in the Asia-Pacific region. These Application Centers have provided us and our customers with the ability to more quickly evaluate, develop and bring to market our newest OLED materials and technologies. 4 Broad Portfolio of Intellectual Property Generally, each of our commercial offerings is protected by multiple patents which can help us either to prevent or combat the introduction of counterfeit and/or knock-off products that could potentially impact the market demand for our OLED materials and technologies. Our strong patent and non-patented know-how portfolios in the areas of PHOLED emitter materials, complementary PHOLED materials, OLED device designs, and OLED manufacturing technologies are reflective of our continued commitment to innovate and invest. We believe that our extensive portfolio of patents and non-patented know-how provides us with a competitive advantage in the OLED industry. Through our internal development efforts, acquisitions, and long-standing relationships with academic partners, research institutions and product manufacturers, we own, exclusively license or have the sole right to sublicense more than 7,000 patents issued and pending worldwide. We continue to enhance and grow our OLED technology and materials patent portfolio organically through internal research and development, partnering with third parties, and by acquisition. We also continue to accumulate valuable non-patented technical know-how relating to our OLED technologies and materials. Leading Supplier of UniversalPHOLED® Emitter Materials and Related Technology Licensing We are the leading supplier of PHOLED emitter materials to OLED device manufacturers. The emitter material, which is designed to efficiently convert electrical energy to a desired wavelength of light, is the key component in an OLED device. Our manufacturing partner of over 25 years, PPG, continues to manufacture our materials for us, using proprietary manufacturing processes and know-how, which materials we then qualify to our exacting product specifications and resell on a just-in-time basis to OLED device manufacturers. We record revenues based on our sales of these materials to OLED device manufacturers. Our commercial supply agreements typically require our customers to purchase minimum quantities of our materials, which purchases can be in the form of annual minimum purchase undertakings or as a minimum percentage of their purchase requirements, or a combination of both. Our commercial supply arrangements allow us to maintain close technical and business relationships with these OLED device manufacturers purchasing our proprietary materials, and thereby further supports our technology licensing business. We do not directly manufacture or sell OLED display or lighting products. Instead, we enter into non-exclusive licensing arrangements with OLED device manufacturers, many of which also purchase our materials, that pay us fixed license fees and/or running royalties based on their sales of licensed commercial products using our proprietary technology and patents. We believe this business model allows us to concentrate on our core strengths of technology development and innovation, while at the same time provides significant operating leverage. Long-Standing Customer Relationships We have long-standing customer relationships with OLED device manufacturers that are using, or are evaluating for use, our OLED materials in commercial OLED products. We have more than 20 years of experience in working closely with OLED device manufacturers and have provided support to them in their commercialization of OLED technology by delivering customer-specific solutions for red, green, and yellow emitter materials, or dopants. We have a proven track record of delivering consistent, high-quality OLED material to our customers. We provide just-in-time supply to our customers and serve as a sole source to them for many of our critical proprietary PHOLED dopant materials. We believe that our unparalleled manufacturing partners, namely PPG, our well-established supply chain, our multi-tier quality testing, and our product assurance protocols make us a preferred partner for our customers and for any large-scale OLED display manufacturer that wants to deliver to high-quality international end-customers. In 2025, our largest customers for our PHOLED materials included Samsung Display Co., Ltd. (SDC), LG Display Co., Ltd. (LG Display), BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (BOE), Tianma Micro-electronics Co., Ltd. (Tianma), Visionox Technology, Inc. (Visionox) and Wuhan China Star Optoelectronics Semiconductor Display Technology Co., Ltd. (CSOT). Other licensed customers of our technology in 2025 included AU Optronics Corporation (AU Optronics), Kaneka Corporation, Pioneer Corporation, and OLEDWorks L.L.C. 5 Complementary UniversalPHOLED ® Host Material Business In addition to our proprietary UniversalPHOLED® emitter materials, we continue to develop, supply and offer for sale certain of our proprietary phosphorescent host materials to OLED device manufacturers. In addition, we have entered into a number of host material strategic partnerships through development agreements with OLED material partners that are focused on combining our proprietary PHOLED emitters with hosts and other OLED materials of these companies in order to optimize the performance of our emitters in our customers’ newest product designs. We do not believe that revenue from our host development and third-party collaboration agreements will be significant compared with our emitter business. However, we believe that development and collaborative relationships such as these are important for ensuring the continued success of the OLED industry and the broader adoption of our PHOLED and other OLED technologies in the marketplace. Experienced Management and Scientific Advisory Team Our management team has significant experience in developing business models focused on licensing disruptive technologies in high growth industries. The team has strong relationships with, and deep understandings of, our customers and their needs, the commercial marketplace and the OLED industry on the whole. We believe our management team’s experience and long-standing relationships are important to maintaining good and accommodating working relationships with our customers, particularly when we are confronted with challenging technical, regulatory and trade issues given our international reach. In addition, we employ and contract with some of the leading researchers in the industry, and we maintain a long-standing Scientific Advisory Board that includes industry pioneers, namely Professor Stephen R. Forrest of the University of Michigan (Michigan) and Professor Mark E. Thompson of the University of Southern California (USC). Our Business Strategy Our current business strategy is to continue to promote and expand our portfolio of OLED technologies and materials for widespread use in OLED displays and lighting products. We generate revenues primarily by selling our proprietary OLED materials and licensing our OLED technologies to display and lighting product manufacturers. We are presently focused on the following steps to implement our business strategy: Expand Our Collaborative Relationships with Leading Product Manufacturers and Developers We collaborate and partner with leading manufacturers of displays and lighting products who are commercial licensees of our OLED technologies and purchasers of our OLED materials. We also supply our proprietary OLED materials to manufacturers and developers of OLED displays and lighting products for evaluation and for use in product development and for pre-commercial activities, and we provide technical assistance and support to these manufacturers and developers to foster ongoing relationships and new commercial agreements. We concentrate on working closely with OLED device manufacturers and developers because we believe that the successful incorporation of our technologies and materials into commercial products is critical to their widespread adoption. Enhance Our Existing Portfolio of PHOLED Technologies and Materials We believe that a strong portfolio of proprietary OLED technologies and materials for both displays and lighting products is critical to our continued success, particularly as the utilization of PHOLED technologies and materials expands in the marketplace. Consequently, we are continually seeking to expand this portfolio through our internal development efforts, our collaborative relationships with existing and new academic and other research partners, and other strategic opportunities, such as funding early-stage startup companies whose technology may be synergistic to ours. Since the acquisition of the early fundamental research developed by our initial academic partners in the late 1990’s, one of our primary goals has been and continues to be the development of new and improved PHOLED technologies and materials with increased efficiencies, enhanced color gamut and extended lifetimes, which are compatible with different manufacturing methods, so that they can be used by various manufacturers in a broad array of OLED display and lighting products. Develop Next-Generation Organic Technologies We continue to conduct research and development activities relating to next-generation OLED technologies for both displays and lighting products, including next generation emissive layer technologies and dry printing technologies such as organic vapor jet printing (OVJP), which we discuss in more detail below. We also are funding research by existing and new academic partners and research institutions on the use of OLED and other related technologies in other applications. Our focus on next-generation technologies is designed to enable us to maintain our position as a leading provider of OLED and other organic electronics technologies and materials as new markets emerge. 6 Business and Geographic Markets We derive revenue from the following: • sales of OLED materials for evaluation, development and commercial manufacturing; • intellectual property and technology licensing; • technology development and support, including third-party collaboration efforts and providing support to third parties for commercialization of their OLED products; and • contract research services in the areas of chemical synthesis research, development and commercialization for non-OLED applications. Most manufacturers of displays and lighting products who are or might potentially be interested in our OLED technologies and materials are currently located outside of the United States, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. To provide on-the-ground support to these manufacturers, we have established wholly-owned subsidiaries in Ireland, Korea, Japan, China and Hong Kong, as well as a representative office in Taiwan. We have Application Centers in Hong Kong and Pangyo, South Korea, which allow our Asia-based display manufacturers to evaluate our technology more quickly and incorporate the technology into their commercial designs. We are in the process of opening a new Application Center in Chengdu, China which we expect to be operational during the second quarter of 2026. Our wholly-owned subsidiary formed under the laws of the Republic of Ireland, UDC Ireland Ltd. (UDC Ireland), is responsible for all material sales worldwide (excluding the United States) and for licensing and managing intellectual property and undertaking certain other business transactions in all non-U.S. territories. In 2025, we received a majority of our revenue from three customers domiciled in the Asia-Pacific region, BOE, LG Display and SDC, from each of which we had revenue in excess of 10% of our consolidated revenue. Our business is heavily dependent on our relationships with these customers. Substantially all revenue derived from our customers is denominated in U.S. dollars. We generally enter into long-term agreements with our customers, which may include (1) a commercial supply agreement for the purchase of specific OLED materials, and (2) patent and know-how license agreements that relate to the manufacture of display and lighting devices. Generally, our commercial material supply agreements provide for multi-year purchase commitments, typically on a price per gram basis, which entitle our customers to certain discounts, technical support on the use of our OLED materials in mass production facilities, and access to certain future OLED materials. In order to secure preferential pricing and technology access, a customer typically agrees to certain minimum purchase obligations which can be in the form of annual minimum purchase undertakings or a percentage of their purchase requirements, or a combination of both. If a customer does not meet its minimum purchase obligations, generally we would have the right to review pricing for future material sales and impose other financial penalties. Our patent and know-how license agreements generally are made available to our customers for the manufacture of OLED devices. In addition, we also may license to certain material company partners the right to manufacture certain OLED materials that are complementary to our phosphorescent emitter materials. These licenses have included licenses to make host products and certain other non-phosphorescent materials. We believe it is in our, and our customers’ best interests to facilitate the development of materials that are complementary to our offerings and which assist our customers to produce more efficient and manufacturable devices with our materials. These collaboration efforts are likely to generate additional licensing fees for us under our license agreements. Although our customers generally pay us fixed license fees and/or running royalties for OLED licensed products that they manufacture, our material partner licensees generally pay us a portion of their sales for materials that are developed under material collaboration agreements and subsequently commercialized. To date, these material collaboration arrangements have not generated significant revenues for us. For more information on our revenues, costs and expenses associated with our business, as well as a breakdown of revenues from North America and foreign sources, please see our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto, as well as “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” included elsewhere in this report. Our Technology and its Relation to OLED Technology and Structure OLED devices are solid-state semiconductor devices made from thin films of organic material that emit light of various wavelengths when electricity is selectively applied to the emissive layer of the device. OLED devices are typically referred to as incorporating an “OLED stack.” OLED stacks vary in specific structure but those commonly used today may include a cathode, an electron injection layer, an electron transport layer, an emissive layer, a hole transport layer, a hole injection layer and an anode, all of which are placed on a substrate which may be made of a number of different materials, including glass, plastic and metal. 7 Our technology and materials are most commonly utilized in the emissive layer; the materials in the emissive layer are the light-generating component of the OLED stack. Many of our key technologies relate primarily to phosphorescent materials that efficiently harvest energy for the direct and indirect emission of light, which we believe enable more energy efficient utilization of energy conversion to light relative to the use of fluorescent emitter materials that can also be used to generate light within the emissive layer of the OLED device without the assistance of a phosphorescent material. We began selling phosphorescent emitter materials commercially in 2003. A manufacturer will use a small amount of such material for each device through a process called “doping” into a host material. The emitter material(s) and the host material(s) together form an emissive layer system. Depending on the nature of the OLED device, the emissive materials and emissive layer system may be designed to emit different colors. We have commercially produced and sold phosphorescent emitter materials that can produce red, yellow, green and light-blue light, which are combined in various ways for the display and lighting markets. Our current materials business, conducted outside the United States by UDC Ireland, is focused primarily on the delivery of such energy efficient emissive enabling materials. We have also developed host materials for the emissive layer and began selling them commercially in 2011. In addition to our materials, which are generally protected by patents covering various molecular structures, we also have system and process patents that cover various fundamentally important aspects of the OLED device, device architectures, use of materials in devices and OLED manufacturing processes. These patents are important to our licensing business because they enable us to provide our business partners important OLED related technologies. Our PHOLED Technologies PHOLED technologies utilize specialized materials and device structures that enable OLEDs to achieve reduced power consumption thereby providing an energy efficient product. Phosphorescent material can be utilized to enable energy efficient display and lighting performance in multiple ways. The OLED device can be designed so that the energy is harvested, and the light is emitted by the phosphorescent material which is typically referred to as a PHOLED, as is common in current OLED designs. There are OLED design structures that propose combining phosphorescent and fluorescent materials in a common stack, such as device structures that utilize phosphorescent material to harvest energy and then transfer the energy to another material to emit the light, such as through a system referred to as phosphorescent sensitized fluorescence (“PSF”). We believe that without the use of a phosphorescent material, traditional fluorescent OLEDs emit light through an inherently less efficient process. The use of a phosphorescent material to harvest energy for the efficient emission of light, whether directly or indirectly, substantially reduces the power requirements of an OLED and is useful in displays for hand-held devices, such as smartphones, where battery power is often a limiting factor. The efficient emission of light through the use of phosphorescence technology is also important for large-area displays such as televisions, where higher device efficiency and lower heat generation may enable longer product lifetimes and increased energy efficiency. We have a strong intellectual property portfolio surrounding our existing PHOLED technologies and materials for both displays and lighting products which we market under the UniversalPHOLED® brand. We devote a substantial portion of our efforts to developing new and improved proprietary PHOLED materials and device architectures for red, green, yellow, blue and white OLED devices. In 2025, we continued our commercial supply relationships with companies such as BOE, CSOT, LG Display, SDC, Tianma, and Visionox to use our PHOLED materials to manufacture OLED displays. In addition, we have worked and continue to work closely with customers evaluating and qualifying our proprietary PHOLED materials for commercial usage in both displays and lighting products, and with other material suppliers to combine our PHOLED emitters with their phosphorescent hosts and other OLED materials. Our Additional Proprietary OLED Technologies Our intellectual property, research, development and commercialization efforts also encompass a number of other OLED device and manufacturing technologies, including, but not limited to, the following: FOLED  Flexible OLEDs We are working on a number of technologies required for the fabrication of OLEDs on flexible substrates. Most other flat panel displays are built on rigid glass substrates. In contrast, FOLEDs are OLEDs built on non-rigid substrates such as plastic or metal foil. This has the potential to enhance durability and enable conformation to certain shapes or repeated bending or flexing. Many OLED smartphone displays are built on plastic substrates including those produced by many of our customers. Several of our customers demonstrated different foldable and rollable FOLED displays at recent Consumer Electronics Shows in Las Vegas, NV. The commercial introduction of such FOLED product offerings demonstrates the viability of new display product applications, such as portable, roll-up communications televisions, tablets, notebook computers and smartphones, as well as enhances the usefulness of such devices in ruggedized, industrial and wearable computing systems. Manufacturers also may be able to produce FOLEDs using more efficient continuous, or roll-to-roll, processing methods in the future. Our internal research and development efforts are expected to enhance and promote the future adoption of consumer and industrial FOLED devices. 8 Universal Vapor Jet Printing (UVJP) OLEDs could be manufactured using other processes as well, including UVJP, which was previously referred to as Organic Vapor Jet Printing, or OVJP. As a direct printing technique, UVJP technology has the potential to offer high deposition rates for large-area OLEDs. In addition, UVJP technology reduces OLED material waste associated with use of a shadow mask (i.e., the waste of material that deposits on the shadow mask itself when fabricating an OLED). By comparison to inkjet printing, a UVJP process does not use liquid solvents and therefore the OLED materials utilized are not limited by their viscosity or solvent solubility. UVJP also avoids generation of solvent wastes and eliminates the additional step of removing residual solvent from the OLED device. In December 2024, we relocated the research and development for UVJP to our newly formed subsidiary, Universal Vapor Jet Corporation Pte. Ltd. (UVJC) in Singapore. While we continue to focus on the long-term opportunity in the large-area display market for UVJP, our UVJC subsidiary continues to assess additional market opportunities where this technology may be transformative. We believe the successful implementation of UVJP technology has the potential to grow the market for our proprietary PHOLED materials and technologies. Our Strategic Relationships with Product Manufacturers We have established early-stage evaluation programs, development and pre-commercial programs, and commercial arrangements with a substantial number of manufacturers or potential manufacturers of OLED display and lighting products. Many of these relationships are directed towards tailoring our proprietary OLED technologies and materials for use by individual manufacturers. Our ultimate objective is to license our OLED technologies and sell our OLED materials to these manufacturers for their commercial production of OLED products. Relationships with OLED Display Manufacturers We license our OLED technologies and patents to display manufacturers for use in commercial products and supply our proprietary OLED materials to these manufacturers for both commercial use and evaluative purposes. We have been collaborating with some of these display manufacturers for over 20 years. We have been working with SDC and providing our PHOLED materials to SDC for evaluation since 2001. Under the terms of a patent license agreement, we license our patents and technologies to SDC for its manufacture and sale of AMOLED (active-matrix organic light-emitting diode) display products. Under the terms of a supplemental purchase agreement, we supply our proprietary PHOLED materials to SDC for its use in manufacturing licensed products. We also continue to supply SDC with our proprietary UniversalPHOLED materials for use in its development efforts under a 2001 joint development agreement. On December 2, 2022, we entered into new patent license and supplemental purchase agreements with SDC, both with an effective date of January 1, 2023. These agreements, which cover the manufacture and sale of specified OLED display materials, last through the end of 2027 with an additional two-year extension option for SDC. Under these agreements, we are being paid a license fee, which includes quarterly and annual payments over the agreement term. These agreements convey to SDC the non-exclusive right to use certain of our intellectual property assets for a limited period of time that is less than the estimated life of the assets. The supplemental purchase agreement provides for minimum annual purchase obligations of red and green phosphorescent emitter material from us for use in the manufacture of licensed products. The minimum commitment is subject to SDC’s requirements for phosphorescent emitter materials and our ability to meet these requirements over the term of the supplemental agreement. SDC is currently the largest manufacturer of AMOLED displays for smartphones and other personal electronic devices and produces displays for a number of different smartphone and electronic device manufacturers. We have been working with LG Display and its affiliates for over 15 years. In 2015, we entered into an OLED patent license agreement and an OLED commercial supply agreement with LG Display. In 2021, we and LG Display entered into new agreements that extended the terms of these agreements at least through the end of 2025. The patent license agreement provides LG Display a non-exclusive, royalty bearing portfolio license to make and sell OLED displays under their patent portfolio. The patent license calls for minimum annual license fees and additional incremental license fees based on LG Display’s volume of sale of licensed products. The OLED commercial supply agreement provides for the sale of dopant and host materials for use by LG Display. LG Display is currently the largest manufacturer of AMOLED displays for large-area televisions and produces display panels for a number of different television manufacturers. In 2023, we entered into new long-term, multi-year agreements with BOE. Under these agreements, we have granted BOE non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. We also supply phosphorescent OLED materials to BOE for use in its licensed products. 9 In 2019, we entered into an evaluation and commercial supply relationship with CSOT. In 2020, we entered into long-term, multi-year agreements with CSOT. Under these agreements, we have granted CSOT non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. We also supply phosphorescent OLED materials to CSOT for use in its licensed products. In 2024, we entered into new long-term, multi-year agreements with Visionox Technology, Inc. (Visionox). Under these agreements, we have granted Visionox non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. Additionally, we supply phosphorescent OLED materials to Visionox for use in its licensed products. In 2025, we entered into long-term, multi-year OLED patent license and material purchase agreements with Tianma. Under the agreements, we have granted Tianma non-exclusive license rights under various patents owned or controlled by us to manufacture and sell OLED display products. Additionally, we supply phosphorescent OLED materials to Tianma for use in its licensed products. We have been collaborating with AU Optronics since 2001, and we continue to provide our proprietary PHOLED materials to AU Optronics under a 2016 commercial supply agreement through which AU Optronics also has certain license rights. We also continue to support numerous display manufacturers in their evaluation of our technologies and proprietary OLED materials, through evaluation arrangements in which we provide our proprietary OLED materials to such manufacturers for limited scale commercial production, evaluation and for purposes of development, manufacturing qualification and product testing. Many of these strategic relationships have been in place for longer than a decade, and we continue to establish new relationships. Relationships with OLED Lighting Manufacturers We license our OLED technologies and patents to lighting manufacturers for use in commercial products and supply our proprietary OLED materials to these manufacturers for both commercial use and evaluative purposes. Some of these strategic relationships have also been in place for longer than a decade. We continue to license our OLED patents, and to provide our OLED materials, to OLEDWorks for use in OLED lighting products under patent license and commercial supply agreements signed in 2015. We have also extended the rights under these agreements to OLEDWorks GmbH, the German company and facility that OLEDWorks acquired in 2015 from Philips Technologie GmbH. We also have strategic relationships with Kaneka, Konica Minolta and Sumitomo, and continue to license our OLED patents and technologies to these customers. Similar to our arrangements with display manufacturers, we continue to support numerous lighting manufacturers in their evaluation of our technologies and proprietary OLED materials, typically through evaluation agreements under which we provide our proprietary OLED materials to such manufacturers for evaluation and potential commercial application. Relationships with Manufacturers for Other Commercial Products In addition to our relationships with lighting and display manufacturers, we have agreements and arrangements with manufacturers or potential manufacturers to use our proprietary OLED technologies and materials in other commercial products, such as in automotive interiors and exteriors. Our OLED Materials Manufacturing Business We supply our proprietary UniversalPHOLED® materials to display manufacturers, lighting manufacturers and others. These materials are produced in batch quantities by PPG to our exacting product specifications using our manufacturing process and know-how. We qualify each batch of emitters at our device qualification facilities to ensure that they meet required specifications, and we store qualified product inventory for delivery to our customers. We believe that our inventory-carrying practices, along with the terms under which we sell our OLED materials (including payment terms), are typical for the markets in which we operate. In 2025, we completed successful Surveillance Audits on our ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Systems, our ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Systems, and our ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems. 10 PPG We have maintained a close working relationship with PPG since 2000. In 2011, we entered into an agreement with PPG, the term of which, by amendment in February 2021, continues through December 31, 2026, and thereafter is automatically renewed for additional one-year terms, unless terminated by us with prior notice of one year or terminated by PPG with prior notice of two years. Under that agreement, PPG is responsible, under our direction, for manufacturing scale-up of our proprietary OLED materials, and for supplying us with those materials. We use these materials for our own research and development as well as for resale to our customers, both for their evaluation and for use in commercial OLED products. Through our collaboration with PPG, key

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials are sourced from multiple suppliers to ensure that we are able to meet the needs of our customers on a timely basis. We have not had any issues with obtaining access to adequate amounts of any key raw materials. In February 2021, we entered into an amendment to the PPG agreement extending the term of the agreement and specifying operation and maintenance services that will be provided by PPG affiliate, PPG SCM Ireland Limited (PPG SCM), to UDC Ireland at our manufacturing site in Shannon, Ireland, which we began leasing at such time for the production of our OLED materials. The Shannon manufacturing facility became operational in June 2022. We purchased the site in September 2023 and amended and restated the February 2021 amendment to the PPG agreement to reflect our ownership and PPG SCM’s updated operation and maintenance services after such purchase. The Shannon manufacturing facility provides incremental manufacturing capacity to meet our expanding production needs, and allows for the geographical diversification of our manufacturing base for the world-wide distribution of our materials. As with our initial agreement with PPG, under our amended and restated 2021 amendment we compensate PPG on a cost-plus basis for the services provided at the Shannon manufacturing facility. Collaborations with Other OLED Material Manufacturers We continued our non-exclusive collaborative relationships with OLED material manufacturing customers during 2025. Most of these relationships are focused on combining our proprietary PHOLED emitting dopants with hosts and other OLED materials of these companies in an effort to optimize our PHOLED emitting dopant products and deliver a high-performance system to the end customer. Our product manufacturing customers are not required to purchase host materials from us. As a result, we do not believe these collaboration efforts will generate significant revenue for us as compared to our dopant and licensing businesses. We believe, however, that collaborative relationships such as these are important for ensuring success of the OLED industry and broader adoption of our PHOLED and other OLED technologies. Research and Development Our research and development activities are focused on the advancement of our OLED technologies and materials for displays, lighting and other applications. We conduct this research and development primarily internally and also through various relationships with commercial business partners, academic partners, and research institutions. Our venture capital company, UDC Ventures LLC, continues to seek to invest in companies that we believe are developing synergistic or complementary technologies to ours. Internal Development Efforts Ewing, New Jersey Facility We conduct a substantial portion of our OLED development activities at our state-of-the-art development and testing facility in Ewing, New Jersey. At this expanded facility, which now exceeds 50,000 square feet, we perform technology development, including device and process optimization, prototype fabrication, manufacturing scale-up studies, process and product testing, characterization and reliability studies, and technology transfer with our business partners. Our Ewing facility houses multiple OLED deposition systems, including numerous display fabrication tools. In addition, the facility contains equipment for substrate patterning, organic material deposition, display packaging, module assembly and extensive testing in Class 100 and 100,000 clean rooms and opto-electronic test laboratories. Our facility also includes state-of-the-art synthetic and analytical chemistry laboratories in which we conduct OLED materials research and make small quantities of new materials that we then test in OLED devices. Application Centers In addition to our laboratory facilities in Ewing, New Jersey, we have Application Centers in Hong Kong and Pangyo, South Korea and are in the process of opening a center in Chengdu, China. These centers, which include state-of-the-art OLED laboratories, better assist our Asia-based customers in their timely evaluation and adoption of our proprietary PHOLED materials, know-how and technologies in their respective PHOLED designs. We purchased the real estate housing our Application Center in Pangyo, South Korea in May 2023. 11 Our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization: Adesis, Inc. In 2016, we acquired Adesis, Inc. (Adesis), a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) that provides support services to the OLED, pharma, biotech, catalysis and other industries. Adesis currently operates in its headquarters facility, which it purchased in 2017 and consists of over 47,500 square feet in New Castle, Delaware, and in another, leased, over 49,000 square foot facility in Wilmington, Delaware. As of December 31, 2025, Adesis employed a team of 137 research scientists, chemists, engineers and laboratory technicians. Although we expect to continue to utilize the majority of its technology research capacity for the benefit of our OLED technology development, Adesis is expected to continue operating as a CDMO in the above-mentioned industries. University-Sponsored Research Original Academic Partners We have long-standing relationships with Princeton University (Princeton) and USC for the conduct of research relating to our OLED and other organic thin-film technologies and materials for applications such as displays and lighting. This research, subject to an agreement entered into by the parties (as amended, the 1997 Amended License Agreement) had been performed at Princeton under the direction of Professor Forrest and at USC under the direction of Professor Thompson. In 2006, Professor Forrest transferred to Michigan, where we continue to fund his research. Since 2006, in connection with Dr. Forrest’s transfer, we entered into a new sponsored research agreement with USC under which we are funding organic electronics research being conducted by Drs. Forrest and Thompson (the 2006 Research Agreement). Work by Professor Forrest is being funded through a subcontract between USC and Michigan. The 2006 Research Agreement currently extends through April 2028. We make payments under the 2006 Research Agreement to USC on a quarterly basis as actual expenses are incurred. As of December 31, 2025, we were obligated to pay USC up to $6.3 million for work to be performed during the remaining extended term. Other Academic Relationships Over the years, we have also entered into research agreements with various universities and research institutions that have been able to provide tailored research capabilities and insights relating to our PHOLED technology. As the utilization of PHOLED technology continues to expand, we intend to further engage key researchers at other universities and research institutions to help identify additional fundamental technologies that could benefit PHOLED technology implementation. Intellectual Property Along with our personnel, our primary and most fundamental assets are patents and other intellectual property. This includes more than 7,000 U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications that we own, exclusively license or have the sole right to sublicense. It also includes a substantial body of non-patented technical know-how that we have accumulated over time. Our Patents Our research and development activities, conducted both internally and through collaborative programs with third parties, have resulted in our filing of a substantial number of patent applications relating to our OLED technologies and materials. These patents that we own represent, among other things, innovations beyond the original fundamental PHOLED conceptual patents that we license from our university research partners, described below. Although many of these licensed fundamental conceptual patents have expired, our internal research efforts include essential innovations that have generated commercially viable implementations of the original PHOLED concepts and patents. As of December 31, 2025, our portfolio included more than 7,000 unexpired issued patents and pending patent applications around the world. 12 Patents We License from Research Partners We exclusively license patent rights from a number of university research partners. Generally, we sponsor scientific researchers at universities to undertake pre-defined research programs, and in exchange we receive license rights to patents that may be developed under the programs. As part of these programs, we may provide compensation in the form of support for research program-related activities, reimbursement for patent related costs, as well as providing for some forms of licensing and/or sublicensing fees for licensed technology that is commercialized by us or our customers. We have expanded our sponsored research programs over the past 10 years to include additional scientific researchers at a number of different institutions that we believe can provide breakthroughs in promising new fields of research that may benefit the OLED marketplace. As of December 31, 2025, the patent rights we exclusively license from all our university research partners included more than 600 issued patents and pending patent applications in jurisdictions around the world. Under our university patent license agreements, we are generally free to sublicense to third parties all or any portion of the licensed patent rights for the life of the licensed patents, though our rights are subject to termination for an uncured material breach or default by us, or if we become bankrupt or insolvent. As part of our university license agreements, we may be required to compensate the universities to the extent we, or our sublicensees, utilize the licensed technology in commercial products. Under the 1997 Amended License Agreement we are required to pay Princeton royalties for licensed products sold by us or our sublicensees. These royalties amount to 3% of the net sales price for licensed products sold by us and 3% of the revenues we receive for licensed patents used by our sublicensees. We owed royalties under the 1997 Amended License Agreement of $450,000 for the year ended December 31, 2025. Acquired Patents and Other Intellectual Property From time to time we acquire patents and other intellectual property that we believe provide strategic business opportunities, such as the patent and technology portfolio we acquired from Motorola Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a Motorola, Inc.) (Motorola) in 2011, Fujifilm Corporation in 2012 and the following portfolios from BASF, and Merck KGaA: Patents We Acquired from BASF In 2016, UDC Ireland entered into an IP Transfer Agreement (the BASF Agreement) with BASF. Under the BASF Agreement, BASF sold us more than 500 OLED-related patents and patent applications for a total cost of $96.0 million. The transactions contemplated by the BASF Agreement were consummated on June 28, 2016. Patents We Acquired from Merck KGaA In 2023, UDC Ireland entered into a Patent Sale and License Agreement with Merck KGaA. Under this agreement, Merck KGaA sold to UDC Ireland all of its rights, title and interest to over 550 of its owned and licensed OLED-related patents and patent applications in exchange for a cash payment of $66 million. The Patent Sale and License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties. UDC Ireland recorded the payment of $66 million as acquired technology, which is being amortized over a period of 10 years. The transactions contemplated by the Merck KGaA Agreement were consummated on April 28, 2023. In October 2025, UDC Ireland entered into an Intellectual Property Sales Agreement with Merck KGaA. Under this agreement, UDC Ireland agreed to acquire from Merck KGaA all of its rights, title and interest to more than 300 of its OLED-related patents and patent applications in exchange for cash payments totaling $50 million. The Intellectual Property Sale Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties. The transaction closed during January 2026 and the acquired assets will be amortized over a period of 10 years. Non-patented Technical Know-How We have accumulated, and continue to accumulate, a substantial amount of non-patented technical know-how relating to OLED technologies and materials. Where practicable, we share portions of this information with display manufacturers and other business partners on a confidential basis. We also employ various methods to protect this information from unauthorized use or disclosure, although no such methods can afford complete protection. Moreover, because we derive some of this information and know-how from academic institutions, there is an increased potential for public disclosure. We also cannot prevent the actual independent development of the same or similar information and know-how by third parties. Competition The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. We compete against alternative display technologies, in particular LCDs, as well as other OLED technologies. We also compete in the lighting market against technologies, such as fluorescent bulbs, and inorganic LEDs, and against emerging technologies, such as other OLED technologies. 13 Display Panel Industry Competitors Numerous domestic and foreign companies have developed or are developing and improving LCD, which includes quantum dot LCDs (which are sometimes referred to as QLEDs), and other early-stage display technologies, including microLED technologies, that are attempting to compete with our OLED display technologies. OLED display technologies compete with LCDs, QLEDs and other display technologies for many product applications on the basis of lower power consumption, better contrast ratios, faster video rates, form factor and lower manufacturing cost. However, other companies may succeed in continuing to improve these competing display technologies, or in developing new display technologies, that are superior to OLED display technologies in various respects. We cannot predict the timing or extent to which such improvements or developments may occur. Lighting Industry Competitors Although there has been a movement to phase out traditional incandescent bulbs throughout many countries, traditional incandescent bulbs and fluorescent lamps remain entrenched products in the lighting industry. The primary competition for OLED lighting products is compact fluorescent lamps and solid-state LEDs, which have realized significant market adoption in the general lighting market. Having attributes different from fluorescent lamps and LEDs, OLEDs may compete directly with these products for certain lighting applications. However, manufacturers of LEDs and compact fluorescent lamps may succeed in more broadly adapting their products to various lighting applications, or others may develop competing solid-state lighting technologies that are superior to OLEDs. Again, we cannot predict whether or when this might occur. OLED Technologies and Materials Competitors Eastman Kodak Company (Kodak) developed and patented the original fluorescent OLED technology in 1987. Cambridge Display Technology, Ltd. (CDT), which was acquired by Sumitomo Chemical Company in 2007, developed and patented polymer OLED technology in 1989. Display and lighting manufacturers, including customers of ours, are engaged in their own OLED research, development and commercialization activities, and have developed and may continue to develop proprietary OLED technologies and materials that are necessary or useful for commercial OLED devices. In addition, other material manufacturers, such as Sumitomo, Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. (Idemitsu Kosan), Merck KGaA, Kyulux Inc., Summer Sprout Technology, UIV OLED, Aglaia Tech, Jilin OLED Photoelectric Materials Co., Ltd., and Nanjing Topto Semiconductor Materials Co., Ltd. are selling or sampling competing OLED materials to customers, including companies to which we sell our proprietary PHOLED materials. Our licensing business is based on our control of a broad portfolio of OLED-related device patents and technologies. We believe this portfolio includes fundamental patents in the field of phosphorescent OLED materials and devices, as well as certain additional complementary OLED technologies. As discussed above, alternative technologies, such as fluorescent OLED emitter materials, exist and could be competitive to our phosphorescent OLED material solutions. However, fluorescent materials have characteristics that we believe many market participants consider less desirable than those of phosphorescent materials. Suppliers of fluorescent emitter materials include Solus Advanced Materials Co., Ltd., Dow Chemical (previously Gracel Display), Idemitsu Kosan and SFC Co. Ltd. Fluorescent materials may also be viewed as complementary in that they can be used in the same OLED stack as phosphorescent materials, and within the same emissive layer as phosphorescent materials to provide unique performance characteristics. The competitive landscape with respect to our host materials business is characterized by a larger number of established chemical material suppliers who have long-term relationships with many of our existing customers and licensees. We have elected to partner with certain of these companies to manufacture and deliver host solutions to our customers, as well as selling our host materials directly to device manufacturers. We believe our competitive advantage stems, in part, from our deep knowledge of our phosphorescent emitter materials, which are complementary with the host solutions. We believe that our understanding of phosphorescent emitter materials enables us to create host material solutions that are especially well suited for use with a certain class of emitter materials that are implemented commercially today. However, we note that many of our technology partners have their own host solutions and the competitive landscape includes many well-established companies such as Solus Advanced Materials Co., Ltd., Dow Chemical, Duksan Neolux Co., Ltd., Idemitsu Kosan, Merck KGaA, NSCC, Beijing Sineva Technology Co., Ltd., China Ray, Lumilan, Eternal Material Technology (EMT) and Samsung SDI Co. Ltd. These companies have significant resources, and some may aggressively pursue such business in the future. Our existing business relationships with SDC and other product manufacturers suggest that our OLED technologies and materials, particularly our PHOLED technologies and materials, may achieve a significant level of market penetration in the display and lighting industries. However, others, such as those working to develop thermally activated delayed fluorescence (TADF) and phosphorescent sensitized fluorescence, may succeed in developing new OLED technologies, materials and alternative solutions that may supplement, replace or reduce the quantity of our PHOLED material used in commercial devices. We cannot be sure of the extent to which product manufacturers will adopt and continue to utilize our OLED technologies and materials for the production of commercial displays and lighting products. 14 Our Venture Capital Business: UDC Ventures LLC Our wholly-owned subsidiary, UDC Ventures LLC, is a corporate venture capital entity that funds companies we believe are developing innovative products and technologies that may be synergistic or complementary to our business and/or business strategies or which may otherwise provide favorable investment opportunities. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we had 469 active employees, none of whom are unionized. Of these employees, 340 are research scientists, engineers and laboratory technicians at our domestic and international facilities. This team includes chemists, physicists, engineers and technicians with physics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering and organic/inorganic chemistry backgrounds, and highly-trained theoreticians and experimentalists. We believe that relations with our employees are good. Guided by our values, we are committed to creating a company where everyone is included and respected, and where we support each other in reaching our full potential. We are committed to diverse representation across all levels of our workforce to reflect the vibrant and thriving diversity of the communities in which we live and work. Women represent 40% of our executive management team, 14% of our leadership (Director level and above) and 23% of our total workforce, as well as 50% of our Board of Directors. We have employees from over 25 countries in our workforce, and we believe that a diverse workforce made up of people with different ideas, strengths, interests and cultural backgrounds drives employee and business success. In 2025 our voluntary turnover rate was 5% and our overall employee growth rate remained flat. Additional data, including historical turnover and diversity information, as well as our corporate policies relating to our employee engagement and human capital, are updated on our website www.oled.com, and included in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. Our Company History Our corporation was organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1985. Our business commenced in 1994 through the operations of a company then known as Universal Display Corporation, which had been incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey. In 1995, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours merged into this New Jersey corporation. The surviving corporation in this merger became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours and changed its name to UDC, Inc. Simultaneously with the consummation of this merger, we changed our name to Universal Display Corporation. UDC, Inc. functions as an operating subsidiary of ours and has certain overlapping officers and directors. We have also formed or acquired other wholly-owned subsidiaries, including Universal Display Corporation Hong Kong, Limited (2008), Universal Display Corporation Korea, Y.H. (2010), Universal Display Corporation Japan GK (2011), UDC Ireland Limited (2012), Universal Display Corporation China, Ltd. (2016), Adesis, Inc. (2016), UDC Ventures LLC (2019), OLED Material Manufacturing Limited (2020), OVJP Corporation (2020), Universal Vapor Jet Corporation Pte. Ltd. (2024), and UDC Chengdu OLED Technology, Ltd. (2025), and we established a representative office in Taiwan (2011). Our Compliance with Environmental Protection Laws We are not aware of any material effects that compliance with Federal, state or local environmental protection laws or regulations will have on our business. We have not incurred substantial costs to comply with any environmental protection laws or regulations, and we do not anticipate having to do so in the foreseeable future. Our Internet Site Our Internet address is www.oled.com . We make available through our Internet website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports as well as proxy statements and information regarding issuers who file electronically, with the address www.sec.gov . In addition, we have made available on our Internet website under the heading “Corporate Governance” the charter for the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, the charter for the Human Capital Committee of our Board of Directors, the charter for the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors, our Code of Ethics & Business Conduct for Employees, our Code of Conduct for Directors, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We intend to make available on our Internet website any future amendments or waivers to our Code of Ethics & Business Conduct for Employees and our Code of Conduct for Directors. The information on our Internet website is not part of this report. 15 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of February 19, 2026: Name Age Position Steven V. Abramson 74 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Julia J. Brown 64 Executive Vice President and Chief Technical Officer Janice K. Mahon 68 Senior Vice President of Technology Commercialization and General Manager, Commercial Sales Business Brian Millard 43 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Mauro Premutico 60 Senior Vice President, Planning, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Our Board of Directors has appointed these executive officers to hold office until their successors are duly appointed. Steven V. Abramson is our President and Chief Executive Officer, and has been a member of our Board of Directors since May 1996. Mr. Abramson served as our President and Chief Operating Officer from May 1996 through December 2007. From March 1992 to May 1996, Mr. Abramson was Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Treasurer of Roy F. Weston, Inc., a worldwide environmental consulting and engineering firm. From December 1982 to December 1991, Mr. Abramson held various positions at InterDigital, Inc., including General Counsel, Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Technology Licensing Division. Julia J. Brown, Ph.D. became our Executive Vice President in April 2021, prior to which she served as a Senior Vice President since June 2008. She has been our Chief Technical Officer since June 2002 and joined us in June 1998 as our Vice President of Technology Development. From 1991 to 1998, Dr. Brown was a Research Department Manager at Hughes Research Laboratories where she directed the pilot line production of high-speed Indium Phosphide-based integrated circuits for insertion into advanced airborne radar and satellite communication systems. Dr. Brown received an M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering/Electrophysics at USC and a B.S.E.E. from Cornell University. Dr. Brown holds a number of distinguished elected awards including Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Fellow of the Society of Information Display (SID), and the National Academy of Engineers (NAE). Janice K. Mahon became our Senior Vice President, Technology Commercialization and General Manager, Commercial Sales Business in April 2021, and previously served as our Vice President of Technology Commercialization since January 1997, and General Manager of our PHOLED Material Sales Business since January 2007. From 1992 to 1996, Ms. Mahon was Vice President of SAGE Electrochromics, Inc., a thin-film electrochromic technology company, where she oversaw a variety of business development, marketing, finance and administrative activities. From 1984 to 1989, Ms. Mahon was a Vice President and General Manager for Chronar Corporation, a leading developer and manufacturer of amorphous silicon photovoltaic (PV) panels. Prior to that, Ms. Mahon worked as Senior Engineer for the Industrial Chemicals Division of FMC Corporation. Ms. Mahon received her B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1979, and an M.B.A. from Harvard University in 1984. Ms. Mahon was a member of the Technical Council of the FlexTech Alliance from 1997 through 2010, and a member of its Governing Board from 2008 through 2010. Ms. Mahon was a member of the Board of Directors and Marketing Committee Chairperson of the OLED Association from 2009-2014. Brian Millard is our Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Millard joined us in September 2022 with more than 15 years of financial, operational and strategic experience across several industries. Prior to joining us, Mr. Millard served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller at Emergent BioSolutions from January 2020 to September 2022 and as Vice President, Corporate Controller from October 2017 to January 2020. Previously, Mr. Millard served as Vice President, Corporate Controller at Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., from August 2015 to October 2017 and Assistant Corporate Controller from March 2014 to August 2015. Mr. Millard also served in financial reporting leadership roles at Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Mr. Millard began his career at Deloitte & Touche LLP. He received his M.S. and B.B.A. degrees in accounting from James Madison University and is a licensed certified public accountant. Mauro Premutico has served as our Secretary since September 2022, and our Senior Vice President, Planning, and Chief Legal Officer since April 2021. He previously served as our Vice President of Legal and General Manager of Patents and Licensing since April 2012. Prior to joining us, Mr. Premutico was the Managing Vice President and Chief Patent Counsel for The Walt Disney Company from 2009 to 2012, and Vice President of Intellectual Property and Associate General Counsel for Lenovo Group Ltd. from 2005 to 2009. Mr. Premutico received a J.D. from Boston University School of Law, an M.B.A. from Yale University, and a B.S.E.E. from Worcester Polytechnic Institute. 16

