TICKER: OLLI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain challenges, legislation, national trade policy, and the following: • our failure to adequately procure and manage our inventory, anticipate consumer demand, or achieve favorable product margins; • changes in consumer confidence and spending; • risks associated with our status as a “brick and mortar only” retailer and our lack of operations in the growing online retail marketplace; • risks associated with intense competition; • our failure to open new profitable stores, or successfully enter new markets, on a timely basis or at all; • fluctuations in comparable store sales and results of operations, including on a quarterly basis; • factors such as inflation, recession, cost increases, and energy prices; • the risks associated with doing business with foreign manufacturers and suppliers including, but not limited to, disruption of trade relationships with foreign manufacturers, potential increases in tariffs and trade sanctions on imported
                goods, as well as international trade disputes; • our inability to operate our stores due to wars, civil unrest, and protests or disturbances; • our failure to properly hire and to retain key personnel and other qualified personnel; • changes in market levels of wages; • risks associated with cybersecurity events, and the timely and effective deployment, protection, and defense of computer networks and other electronic systems, including e-mail; • our inability to obtain favorable lease or acquisition terms for properties; • the failure to timely acquire, develop, open and operate, or the loss of, or disruption or interruption in the operations of, any of our distribution centers; • risks associated with litigation, including the expense of defense, and potential for adverse outcomes; • our inability to successfully develop or implement our marketing, advertising and promotional efforts; • the seasonal nature of our business; • risks associated with natural disasters, severe weather events, and related conditions; • risks associated with outbreak of viruses, global health epidemics, pandemics, or widespread illness; • changes in federal or state laws, government regulations, actions, procedures, or requirements, including as a result of executive orders, or other policies promulgated by the presidential administration; and • our ability to service indebtedness and to comply with our financial covenants. See “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and is constantly looking to build new relationships with new vendors. This provides us with a steady flow of closeout deals and products to choose from. We believe our growing size and scale allow us better access
          to merchandise. 1 Index Our merchants specialize by department in order to build category expertise, in-depth knowledge, and sourcing relationships. We believe our buying approach, coupled with long-standing and
          newly formed relationships, enable us to find the best deals from major manufacturers, and pass drastically reduced prices along to our customers. Our merchants maintain direct relationships with brand manufacturers, regularly attend major
          tradeshows, and travel the world to source extreme value offerings across a broad assortment of product categories. We are an attractive partner to major manufacturers because our merchants are experienced and empowered to make quick decisions.
          Each opportunity is unique, and our merchants negotiate directly with the supplier to lock in a particular deal. Our flexible business model, opportunistic buying strategy, and ever-changing mixture of goods allows us to move in and out of
          products and select the deals that we believe deliver the most value to our customers. Broad and Changing Assortment of Brand Name Household Products We sell a wide assortment of household goods and consumer products. Our focus is on nationally-branded products that consumers know and recognize. We offer a highly differentiated,
          constantly evolving assortment of brand name merchandise across a broad range of categories at drastically reduced prices. We leverage our experienced merchant team, experience in the closeout industry, long-standing relationships with
          manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, brokers, and suppliers of consumer products to procure an ever-changing assortment of great deals for our customers, with products offered at prices up to 70% off the prices offered by traditional
          retailers. Our product price tags and marketing allow customers to compare our competitor’s price against Ollie’s price to further highlight the savings they can realize by shopping at our stores. We augment our brand name merchandise with
          opportunistic purchases of unbranded goods and our own domestic and direct-import private label brands in underpenetrated categories to further enhance the assortment of products that we offer.  We believe our compelling value proposition and the
          unique nature of our merchandise offerings differentiate us from traditional retailers. With our opportunistic buying strategy, our product assortment and mix of sales between the departments are constantly changing. The table below shows the breakdown as a percentage of net sales for the past three fiscal years across the consumables, home, seasonal, and other product
          classifications. Percentage of Net Sales 2025 2024 2023 Consumables (1) 31.9 % 31.9 % 30.3 % Home (1) 28.3 % 28.0 % 29.2 % Seasonal 19.1 % 19.2 % 18.7 % Other 20.7 % 20.9 % 21.8 % Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % (1) In fiscal 2024, the Company reclassified certain products out of the Home category and into the Consumables category. These products included cleaning supplies, floor care, and other products such as paper goods. Prior periods have been
                adjusted for comparability. Consumable s are items that are used up and depleted through normal use and must be replaced regularly, and include things such as: health and beauty aids, food, candy, beverages, pet food and treats, laundry related products,
            and cleaning supplies. Home are items that are generally used in or around the home to support daily living and comfort, and include
            things such as: housewares and kitchen items, home décor products, furniture, household essential type of items, and home maintenance and utility items. Seasonal are items that are generally used or in demand during certain times of the year and around specific seasons, holidays, or recurring events, and include things such as: patio furniture, air conditioners, fans, space
            heaters, toys, lawn and garden related products, outdoor items, holiday décor, gifts, and decorations. Other are items that don’t fall
            into the consumables , home, or seasonal categories , and include things such as: books, stationery related items, small electronic devices and accessories, clothing, sporting
            goods, pet products, automotive products, luggage and other general merchandise. Low-Cost Operations We maintain strong expense control and operate with a low-cost structure. Our marketing and advertising strategy is generally focused on building the Ollie’s brand and informing customers about some of our latest
        product offerings. Our no-frills, warehouse-style stores are designed to provide a pleasant overall shopping environment without spending heavily on store fixtures or décor. Our real estate strategy focuses on infilling existing geographies as well
        as expanding into contiguous markets in order to leverage our distribution infrastructure, field management team, store management, marketing investments and brand awareness. The majority of our stores are leased and we look to open new stores in
        existing vacant sites with strong traffic patterns and lower rent structures. Additionally, our distribution network and field management team are designed to run cost effectively. No-Frills, Warehouse-Style Stores Our stores offer a no-frills, warehouse-style treasure hunt shopping experience and operate under the Ollie’s brand name and logo. Our average store size is approximately 32,000 square feet
          and generates consistent financial returns across all vintages, geographic regions, population densities, demographic groups, and real estate formats. The majority of our stores are leased and we look to open new stores in existing vacant sites
          with strong traffic patterns and lower rent structures. Stores are organized by department in a racetrack type fashion. Our stores welcome our customers with vibrant and colorful caricatures together with witty signage. We believe the store
          layout and merchandising strategy help to encourage a “shop now” sense of urgency and increase frequency of customer visits as customers never know what they might find in our stores. We make it easy for our customers to browse our stores by
          displaying our frequently changing assortment of products on rolling tables, pallets and other display fixtures. Our store team leaders are responsible for maintaining our treasure hunt shopping experience, keeping the stores clean and well-lit,
          and ensuring our customers are engaged.  We believe our humorous brand image, compelling values, and welcoming stores resonate with our customers and define Ollie’s as a unique and comfortable shopping destination. 2 Index Contiguous New Store Growth Strategy Ollie’s first store was opened in Mechanicsburg, PA in 1982. From the beginning, the Company has been focused on the buying and selling of closeout and excess inventory of name brand
          household goods and consumer products. Ollie’s was founded based on the idea that “everyone in America loves a bargain,” and our mission today is the same as it was over 40 years ago; saving people money by selling Good Stuff Cheap®. Historically, we have expanded our store base by opening new stores organically. More recently, we have expanded our store base through acquiring former store locations of bankrupt retailers through the bankruptcy
        store auction process. We follow a unit growth strategy that combines backfilling existing markets and states with entering new markets and states in a contiguous manner. On January 31, 2026, we operated 645 stores in 34 states, as depicted in the
        map below. We believe we can profitably expand our store count on a national scale to more than 1,300 locations in the United States. Our real estate strategy
            focuses on infilling existing geographies as well as expanding into contiguous markets in order to leverage our distribution infrastructure, field management team, store management, marketing investments and brand awareness. We target a store
            size between 25,000 to 35,000 square feet. We utilize a rigorous site selection and real estate approval process in order to leverage our infrastructure, marketing investments, and brand awareness. Our flexible store layout allows us to quickly
            take over a variety of low-cost, second-generation sites, including former big box retail and grocery stores. By focusing on key characteristics such as proximity to the nearest Ollie’s store, ability to leverage distribution infrastructure,
            visibility, traffic counts, population densities, and low rent per square foot, we have developed a new store real estate model that has consistently delivered attractive returns on invested capital. We maintain a healthy pipeline of real estate sites that have been approved by our real estate committee. Our recent store growth is summarized in the following table: 2025 2024 2023 Stores open at beginning of year 559 512 468 Stores opened 86 50 45 Stores closed - (3 ) (1 ) Stores open at end of year 645 559 512 3 Index Pricing Our stores sell high quality brand name household products that consumers use in their everyday lives at retail prices that are up to 70% below traditional retailers. We do this through a
          flexible buying model that focuses on closeout merchandise and excess inventory from suppliers and manufacturers around the world. Other than end of season clearance events to sell down certain seasonal products, a few customer appreciation
          events, and special incentives for our Ollie’s Army loyalty members, we generally do not engage in promotional pricing activities on a regular basis throughout the year. Marketing and Advertising Our marketing and advertising activities are designed to communicate the value and assortment of merchandise available in our stores and to drive store traffic. Our messaging emphasizes the availability of brand name
        merchandise, closeout opportunities, and price discounts relative to traditional retail prices.  A central element of our merchandising approach is the “treasure hunt” nature of our assortment. Because we source a significant portion of our
        inventory through opportunistic closeout purchases, our merchandise mix changes frequently and often includes limited quantities of brand name products. Our marketing highlights these changing assortments and encourages customers to visit our
        stores regularly to view newly available merchandise.  Our closeout sourcing model and frequently changing merchandise assortment influence our marketing approach. New deals and branded merchandise opportunities arrive throughout the year, and our
        advertising communicates current values and recently arrived merchandise in order to encourage repeat store visits. We utilize analytical tools to evaluate the effectiveness of our advertising investments and allocate marketing spending across channels. As part of this process, we use media mix modeling and related analytical
        techniques to assess the relative effectiveness of various marketing channels and inform decisions regarding marketing allocation and campaign planning.  Our marketing strategy is designed to maintain marketing expenses at a relatively modest level
        as a percentage of net sales while continuing to support customer engagement and store traffic.  We utilize a range of marketing channels to reach both existing and prospective customers, including the following: • Digital marketing including social media : We maintain a digital presence through our website, mobile application, and social media platforms. Our owned channels include targeted email and SMS
                communications that allow us to communicate directly with customers regarding merchandise arrivals, promotional events, and other savings opportunities.  We also utilize paid digital media across a variety of platforms, including TikTok,
                Instagram, YouTube, and Facebook, as well as influencer partnerships and paid search and display advertising; • Print and direct mail : Print advertising remains a component of our marketing strategy, including flyers distributed periodically during the year. Flyers highlight current deals and newly arrived
                merchandise and are intended to encourage store visits during the promotional period; • Television, connected television, and online video : We utilize television, connected television (“CTV”), over-the-top (“OTT”) and online video advertising in certain markets throughout the year.
                These campaigns are used to support brand awareness, customer acquisition and store openings; and • Community engagement : We maintain a presence in the communities in which we operate through charitable partnerships and local initiatives. The Company supports a variety of organizations,
                including Feeding America, Toys for Tots, Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals, and the Cal Ripken Sr. Foundation. Ollie’s Army Loyalty Program We operate a customer loyalty program called Ollie’s Army. Membership in the program is free, and members earn points for every dollar spent in our stores that accumulate toward rewards redeemable for future
        purchases. Members also receive coupons, early notification of promotional events and other communications throughout the year.  As of January 31, 2026, the program had approximately 17 million members. During 2025, Ollie’s Army members accounted
        for more than 80% of net sales and spent approximately 40% more per transaction than non-members. Information generated through the Ollie’s Army program, including demographic, behavioral and purchasing data, supports our marketing activities and
        customer communications. 4 Index Co-Branded Credit Card Program In fiscal 2024, we launched a co-branded Visa® credit card program in connection with the Ollie’s Army loyalty platform.  The card program is administered by Sunbit. Customers may apply for the card in stores or
        online, and individuals who are not already members are automatically enrolled in the Ollie’s Army program upon approval.  The card does not charge an annual fee and allows customers to earn additional loyalty points when making purchases at
        Ollie’s and at other merchants that accept Visa®. Distribution We operate four distribution centers encompassing approximately three million square feet. The locations for our distribution centers are selected to minimize logistics costs and optimize shipping efficiencies to our
        stores. Our distribution centers, located in Pennsylvania, Georgia, Texas, and Illinois are built to suit our specific business model, with a combination of automated systems and manual processes to manage the wide variety of merchandise we
        acquire. We have made significant investments in our distribution network and personnel to support our growth and expansion. We built and opened our fourth distribution center in 2024 and plan to expand two existing distribution centers in 2026 and
        2027. Our distribution centers utilize warehouse and labor management tools that support the processing of inventory. We use various third-party freight carriers to ship items to and from our distribution centers and our stores. Competition We operate in a highly competitive retail industry, success in which is based on many factors, such as price, merchandise quality and assortment, store location, convenience, and customer
          service. We compete with local, regional, national, and international discount, closeout, off-price, mass merchant, warehouse, department, grocery, drug, convenience, hardware, variety, and other specialty stores and retailers selling products in
          stores, online, and other media or channels. Our primary point of differentiation against other retailers is the pricing of our products. Our goal is to be the lowest priced retailer of any product offered by our stores by utilizing a flexible
          buying model that focuses on closeout merchandise and excess inventory from suppliers and manufacturers around the world. Our stores offer Real Brands! Real Bargains! ® in a treasure hunt shopping environment at prices up to 70% below traditional
          retailers. Seasonality Our business is seasonal. Historically, our sales and profits have been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter, followed by the second fiscal quarter because of the sale of seasonal products.  To prepare for the
        holiday sales season, we must order and keep in stock more merchandise than we carry during other times of the year and generally engage in additional marketing efforts.  We expect inventory levels, along with accounts payable and accrued expenses,
        to reach their highest levels in our third and fourth fiscal quarters in anticipation of increased net sales during the holiday sales season.  As a result of this seasonality, and generally because of variation in consumer spending habits, we
        experience fluctuations in net sales and working capital requirements during the year.  Because we offer a broad selection of merchandise at extreme values, we believe we are generally less impacted than other retailers by economic cycles, which
        correspond with declines in general consumer spending habits, and we believe we still benefit from periods of increased consumer spending. Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property We believe that our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property are valuable to our business. We have registered, or applied
        for the registration of, a number of U.S. domain names, trademarks, service marks and copyrights. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however, assuming that the trademark registrations are properly renewed, they have a
        perpetual duration. We rely on trademark, copyright, and patent laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements to protect our proprietary rights. 5 Index Government Regulation We are subject to state and federal laws including labor and employment laws, including minimum wage requirements and wage and hour laws, advertising laws, privacy laws, safety regulations, environmental laws and
        regulations, and other laws, including consumer protection regulations, and laws that govern retailers and/or product standards, the promotion and sale of merchandise, and the operation of stores and warehouse facilities. We monitor changes in
        these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable laws. We source a portion of our products from outside the United States. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their
        intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies and our vendor code of conduct mandate compliance with applicable laws, including these laws and regulations. Human Capital Attracting, developing, and retaining quality talent is key to our growth, and our success depends on cultivating an engaged and motivated workforce.  We work hard to create an environment where Ollie’s team
          members can build fulfilling careers and we take pride in providing opportunities for growth and development. As of January 31, 2026, we employed over 13,000 associates, with more than half of these as full-time associates. Of our total associate base, approximately 1,300 were based at our store
          support center and distribution centers, and the remaining were store and field associates. The number of associates in a fiscal year fluctuates depending on the business needs at different times of the year. None of our associates belong to a
          union or are party to any collective bargaining or similar agreement. Workplace and Culture We seek to build a workplace of belonging where we can leverage our collective talents, striving to ensure that all associates are treated with dignity and respect.  We believe that a workforce with a diversity of
        viewpoints, background, experience, and industry knowledge is key to our culture and long-term success.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities and advancement consideration to all individuals based on job-related
        qualifications and ability to perform the job as well as maintaining an environment that is free of intimidation or harassment.  We value the talents and contributions of our associates, and by focusing on our team members, we know that the entire
        Ollie’s community will be well served. Oversight and Management Our Human Resources department manages all associate matters, including recruiting, hiring, compensation and benefits, performance management, and associate training. In addition, our management team works closely
        with the Human Resources department to evaluate associate management issues such as retention and workplace safety. As we strive to retain and engage talent at all levels of our business, our Human Resources department also reviews our retention
        and turnover rates and administers our talent and training programs and review process to support the development of our talent pipeline. Associate Training and Development Programs We offer a compelling work environment with meaningful growth and career-development opportunities. We provide opportunities for our associates to do challenging work and learn on the job, and we supplement those
          opportunities with programs and continuous learning that help our team build skills to advance.  We encourage a “promote-from-within” environment when internal resources permit.  We also provide internal leadership development programs designed
          to prepare our high-potential team members for greater responsibility. We believe internal promotions, coupled with the hiring of individuals with previous retail experience, will provide the management structure necessary to support our
          long-term strategic growth initiatives. 6 Index Our Ollie’s Leadership Institute (“OLI”) equips field associates with the ability to advance their career. Each OLI participant receives an individual development plan, designed to prepare
          them for their next level position. Reflecting our belief in our “home grown” talent, OLI is our preferred source for new supervisors and team leaders.  In 2025, over 65% of our current district team leaders were internally promoted to their
          positions. Company-wide, over 60% of our field positions were filled by internal promotions. We believe our training and development programs help create a positive work environment and result in stores that operate at a high level. Compensation and Benefits We are committed to providing market-competitive compensation for all positions. Eligible team members participate in one of our various bonus incentive programs, which provide the opportunity to receive additional
          compensation based upon store and/or Company performance. In addition, we provide our eligible team members the opportunity to participate in a safe harbor 401(k) retirement savings plan with a Company-sponsored match. We also share in the cost
          of health insurance provided to eligible team members, and team members receive a discount on merchandise purchased from the Company. We additionally provide eligible team members with paid time off. Workplace Health and Safety Maintaining a safe and secure work environment is very important to us and we conduct our business in an environmentally sound manner based on customer needs and local requirements.  To further promote a safe work
        environment, we have established safety training programs. This includes administering an occupational injury- and illness-prevention program, together with an employee assistance program for team members. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
        1934 are available free of charge on our website, www.ollies.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  The contents of our website are not, however, a
        part of this report or intended to be incorporated by reference in any other report or document we file with the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy, and information statements and other information
        regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 7 Index

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, pandemic outbreaks, merchandise quality or safety issues, transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation, and other
        factors relating to suppliers.  Any such circumstances could adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 10 Index Fluctuations in comparable store sales and results of operations, including fluctuations on a quarterly basis, could cause our business performance to decline substantially. Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past, including on a quarterly basis, and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. Our comparable store sales and results of operations are affected by a variety of factors, including without limitation: • national and regional economic trends in the United States; • changes in gasoline prices; • changes in shipping and transportation costs; • changes in our merchandise mix; • the weather; • changes in pricing; • changes in the timing of promotional and advertising efforts; and • holidays or seasonal periods. If our future comparable store sales fail to meet expectations, then our cash flow and profitability may decline substantially, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
        results of operations. We rely on third parties to move merchandise through ports and transport them from ports to our centralized distribution centers. Our ability to timely and effectively deliver merchandise to our stores relies in part on shipping and transportation partners to timely and safely move our merchandise from manufacturing facilities to ports and then
        onto oceangoing carriers.  The demand for space onboard oceangoing vessels can vary and costs to secure space can vary greatly.  We may be subject to higher transportation costs or be unable to secure space for containers on economically reasonable
        terms.  There also may be labor or other disputes at either ports of departure or at ports of entry that may delay or otherwise hinder the flow of merchandise.  Additional factors, such as customs or border control policies and enforcement and new
        or changing tariffs or trade sanctions, such as additional or new import tariffs, may further delay or hinder transportation of merchandise or the costs to obtain them.  There are multiple factors in the transportation of merchandise that are both
        outside of our control and which may negatively impact the cost of the merchandise or the timeframes in which we receive the same. Factors such as inflation, tariffs, cost increases, and energy prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
          results of operations. Future increases in costs, such as the cost of labor, merchandise, shipping rates, freight and other transportation costs (including import costs), and store occupancy costs, may reduce our profitability, given our
        pricing model.  These cost increases may be the result of inflationary pressures, geopolitical factors, or public policies, which could further reduce our sales or profitability.  Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy
        prices, wage rates, and lease and utility costs, may increase our cost of merchandise sold or selling, general, and administrative expenses.  Our low-price model and competitive pressures in our industry may inhibit our ability to reflect these
        increased costs in the prices of our merchandise and, therefore, reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 11 Index Our ability to generate revenue is dependent on consumer confidence and spending, which may be subject to factors beyond our control, including changes in economic and political
        conditions, as well as health concerns. The success of our business depends, to a significant extent, on the level of consumer confidence and spending.  A number of factors beyond our control affect the level of customer confidence and spending on the
        merchandise that we sell, including, among other items: • energy and gasoline prices; • shipping and transportation costs; • disposable income of our customers, which is impacted by unemployment levels, personal debt levels, and wages; • interest rates and inflation; • discounts, promotions, and merchandise offered by our competitors; • negative reports and publicity about the discount retail industry; • outbreak of viruses or widespread illness, and behavioral changes from a fear of contracting such viruses or illness; • general economic and industry conditions; • food prices; • the state of the housing market; • customer confidence in future economic conditions; • fluctuations in the financial markets; • government sponsored relief packages and governmental benefits, such as social security benefits, as affected by current cost of living adjustments, as well as any government stimulus payments and unemployment benefits; • tax rates and policies; • tariffs and trade sanctions on imported goods; • repercussions, or perceived repercussions, from the current presidential administration’s policies and activities; • social and political influences upon the demand for goods sourced from certain countries or sold by particular vendors; and • civil unrest, natural disasters, war, terrorism, and other hostilities. Reduced customer confidence and spending may result in reduced demand for our merchandise, including discretionary items, and may force us to take inventory markdowns.  Reduced demand also may require increased
        selling and promotional expenses.  Adverse economic conditions and any related decrease in customer demand for our merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Many of the factors identified above also affect commodity rates, transportation costs, costs of labor, insurance, and healthcare, the strength of the U.S. dollar, lease and other site acquisition costs, measures
        that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in other laws and regulations, and other economic factors, all of which may impact our cost of merchandise sold and our selling, general, and administrative
        expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 12 Index We do not compete in the growing online and omnichannel retail marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
        operations. Our long-term business strategy does not presently include the development of online retailing capabilities or offering of an omnichannel shopping experience.  To the extent that we implement online operations, we
        would incur substantial expenses related to such activities and would be exposed to additional risks, including additional cybersecurity risk.  Furthermore, the development of an online retail marketplace is a complex undertaking, and there is no
        guarantee that the resources we apply to this effort would result in any material increased revenues or better overall operating performance.  However, with the growing acceptance of online and omnichannel shopping, both among consumers who
        previously shopped online and consumers who did not previously do so, or did not do so as frequently, we may continue to face challenges related to customers shopping in brick-and-mortar stores.  In addition, the increased proliferation of mobile
        devices and enhanced and robust connections to mobile networks and competition from other retailers in the online and omnichannel retail marketplace are expected to continue to increase and may negatively impact our results of operations.  A number
        of traditional online retailers have established robust online and omnichannel operations.  Increased competition from online or omnichannel retailers and our lack of an online or omnichannel retail presence may reduce our customers’ desire to
        purchase merchandise from us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  If consumers elect to shop more online due to cultural or health concerns, those consumers may be less likely to
        return to brick-and-mortar retailers in the future. We face intense competition, which could limit our growth opportunities and adversely impact our financial performance. We compete with a highly fragmented group of competitors, including discount, closeout, mass merchant, department, grocery, drug, convenience,
          hardware, variety, online, and other specialty stores.  We compete with these retailers with respect to product cost and price, store location, supply and quality of merchandise, assortment and presentation, and customer service among other
          items.  This competitive environment subjects us to the risk of an adverse impact to our financial performance because of the lower prices, and thus the lower margins, that are required to maintain our competitive position.  A number of different
          competitive factors outside of our control could impact our ability to compete effectively, including without limitation: • entry of new competitors in our markets; • vertical integration of competitors; • increased operational efficiencies of competitors; • online and omnichannel retail capabilities of our competitors; • competitive pricing strategies, including deep discount pricing by a broad range of retailers during periods of poor customer confidence, low discretionary income, or economic uncertainty; • continued and prolonged promotional activity by our competitors; • liquidation sales by our competitors that have filed or may file in the future for bankruptcy; • geographic expansion by competitors into markets in which we operate; and • adoption by existing competitors of innovative store formats or retail sales methods, including online and omnichannel. A number of our competitors also have greater financial, operational, and other resources, greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, and a broader geographic presence than us.  We may be vulnerable to
        the marketing power and high level of customer recognition of these larger competitors and to the risk that these or other competitors could attract our customer base, including members of Ollie’s Army. In addition, if any of our competitors were to consolidate their operations, such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market
        penetration, and other improvements in their competitive positions, as well as result in the provision of a wider variety of merchandise at competitive prices by these consolidated companies, which could have a material adverse effect on our
        business, financial condition, and results of operations. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to successfully compete against either existing or future competitors.  Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, improved performance by our
        competitors, and changes in the retail markets could result in lost market share and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 13 Index We may not be able to retain the loyalty of our customers, particularly our Ollie’s Army members, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
        condition, and results of operations. We depend on our loyal customer base, particularly our members of Ollie’s Army, for our consistent sales and sales growth.  Competition for customers has intensified as competitors have moved into, or increased their
        presence in, our geographic markets and from the use of mobile and web-based technology that facilitates online and omnichannel shopping and real-time product and price comparisons.  We expect this competition to continue to increase.  Our
        competitors may be able to offer consumers promotions or loyalty program incentives that could attract our customers, including members of Ollie’s Army, or divide their loyalty among several retailers.  If we are unable to retain the loyalty of our
        customers, our net sales could decrease, and we may not be able to grow our store base as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our co-branded credit card program could pose reputational risk if not properly executed. On July 23, 2024, we announced our partnership with Sunbit, a leading financial technology company, to launch a co-branded Visa® credit card, our first-ever co-branded credit card program.  We intend the partnership
        to bring greater flexibility to our customers and enhance loyalty with our members, but if the program is not properly executed, is renewed on less favorable terms, or is terminated, it could adversely affect our operations and harm our brand,
        reputation, and relationship with our loyal customer base, including our Ollie’s Army loyalty program members. Our business requires that we lease substantial amounts of space and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to lease space on terms as favorable as the
        leases negotiated in the past. We lease the majority of our stores, our corporate headquarters, and our distribution centers in York, PA and Commerce, GA.  Our stores are leased from third parties, with typical initial lease terms of approximately
        seven years with options to renew for successive five-year periods.  Historically, we have been able to negotiate favorable rental rates due in large part to the general state of the economy, the increased availability of vacant big box retail
        sites, and our careful identification of favorable lease opportunities.  While we continually seek to identify the most advantageous lease opportunities, there is no guarantee that we will continue to be able to find low-cost second-generation
        sites or obtain favorable lease terms.  Many of our lease agreements have defined escalating rent provisions over the initial term and any extensions.  Increases in our occupancy costs and difficulty in identifying economically suitable new store
        locations could have significant negative consequences to our business, including without limitation: • requiring that a greater portion of our available cash be applied to pay our rental obligations, thus reducing cash available for other purposes and reducing profitability; • increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business, or in the industry in which we compete. We depend on cash flows from operations to pay our lease expenses and to fulfill our other cash needs.  If our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operating activities to fund these expenses and
        needs and sufficient funds are not otherwise available to us, we may not be able to service our lease expenses, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges, or fund our other liquidity and capital needs, which could harm our business. 
        Additional sites that we lease may be subject to long-term non-cancelable leases if we are unable to negotiate our current standard lease terms.  If an existing or future store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be
        committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term.  Moreover, even if a lease has an early cancellation clause, we may not satisfy the contractual
        requirements for early cancellation under that lease.  In addition, if we are not able to enter into new leases or renew existing leases on terms acceptable to us, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
        results of operations. 14 Index If we fail to open new profitable stores on a timely basis, successfully enter new markets, or implement other elements of our long-term growth strategy, our financial
        performance could be materially adversely affected. Our primary growth strategy is to open new profitable stores and expand our operations into new geographic regions.  Our ability to timely open new stores depends in part on several factors, many of which are beyond
        our control, including the availability of attractive rents and store locations; the absence of occupancy delays; the ability to negotiate and enter into leases, or acquire ownership of properties, on acceptable terms; our ability to obtain and
        retain permits and licenses; our ability to hire, train, and retain new personnel, especially store opening teams and store managers, in a cost effective manner; our ability to adapt and grow our distribution and other operational and management
        systems to an increasing and ever evolving network of stores; the availability of capital funding for expansion; our ability to respond to the demographic shifts and general economic conditions in the many different geographic markets where our
        stores and distribution centers are located.  See “Item 1. Business (Growth Strategy)” and “Item 7. MD&A” for more information. We may not anticipate all of the challenges imposed by the expansion of our business operations into new geographic markets.  Some new stores may be located in areas with different competitive and market conditions,
        customer demographics and tastes, and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets.  We may face a higher cost of entry, difficulties attracting labor, alternative customer demands, reduced brand recognition, and minimal operating
        experience in these geographic markets.  Although we are extremely sensitive to cannibalizing existing stores, opening new stores in our established markets may also result in inadvertent oversaturation, sales volume transfer from existing stores
        to new stores, and reduced comparable store sales, thus adversely affecting our overall results of operations and financial performance.  We may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve or properly execute our expansion
        plans could limit our growth or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The failure to timely acquire, develop, open, and operate, or the loss of, disruption to, or interruption in the operations of, our centralized distribution centers could
        materially adversely affect our business and operations. With limited exceptions, inventory is shipped directly from suppliers to our distribution centers in York, PA, Commerce, GA, Lancaster, TX, and Princeton, IL, where the inventory is processed, sorted, and shipped to
        our stores.  We depend in large part on the orderly operation of this receiving and distribution process, which depends, in turn, on adherence to shipping schedules and effective management of our distribution centers.  Increases in transportation
        costs (including increases in fuel and other variable costs), supplier-side delays, reductions in the capacity of carriers, changes in shipping companies, the impact of pandemics or health crises on our workforce, labor strikes, or shortages in the
        transportation industry, war, civil unrest, geopolitical tensions, trade wars, and other unexpected delivery interruptions also have the potential to derail our orderly distribution process.  We also may not anticipate changing demands on our
        distribution system or timely develop and open any necessary additional facilities.  In addition, events beyond our control, such as disruptions in operations due to fire or other catastrophic events or labor disagreements, may result in delays in
        the delivery of merchandise to our stores.  While we maintain business interruption insurance, in the event one or more of our distribution centers are disrupted or shut down for any reason, such insurance may not be sufficient, and any related
        insurance proceeds may not be timely paid to us.  In addition, our new stores receiving shipments may be further away from our distribution centers, which may increase transportation costs and may create transportation scheduling strains.  Any
        repeated, intermittent, or long-term disruption in the operations of our distribution centers would hinder our ability to provide merchandise to our stores and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
        of operations. Our new store growth is dependent on our ability to successfully expand our distribution network capacity, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could adversely affect
        our performance. We maintain distribution centers in York, PA, Commerce, GA, Lancaster, TX, and Princeton, IL, to support our existing and new stores as well as our store growth objectives.  We continuously assess ways to maximize
        the productivity and efficiency of our existing distribution centers and evaluate opportunities for additional distribution centers.  Processing delays or difficulties in operations at our existing distribution centers or delays in opening,
        processing delays, or difficulties in operations at our new distribution centers, could adversely affect our current operations by causing existing stores to have insufficient inventory, and could adversely affect future operations by slowing store
        growth, which could, in turn, reduce sales growth.  In addition, any distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as shortages of materials, shortages of skilled labor, work
        stoppages, unforeseen construction issues, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems, or other pandemics or types of contagion, weather interference, fires or other casualty losses, and unanticipated cost increases.  The
        completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons.  We cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets. 15 Index If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Efficient inventory management is a key component of our profitability and ability to generate revenue.  To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product mix to meet our
        customers’ demands without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs to store and hold merchandise adversely impact our results of operations.  If our buying decisions do not accurately correspond to customer preferences,
        if we inappropriately price merchandise, or if our expectations about customer confidence or spending levels are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns to dispose of any excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect
        on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  We continue to focus on ways to reduce these risks, but we cannot ensure that we will be successful in our inventory management. Inventory shrinkage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to the risk of inventory loss and theft.  We cannot ensure that actual rates of inventory loss and theft in the future will be within our estimates or that the measures we are taking will effectively
        reduce the problem of inventory shrinkage.  Although some level of inventory shrinkage is an unavoidable cost of doing business, if we were to experience higher rates of inventory shrinkage or incur increased security costs and other costs to
        combat inventory theft, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Labor shortages and increased turnover or increases in employee and employee-related costs could have adverse effects on our profitability. We have experienced in the past, and expect to continue to experience, increased labor shortages at some of our stores and distribution centers.  While we have historically experienced some level of ordinary course
        turnover of employees, a number of factors have had and may continue to have adverse effects on the labor force available to us, including reduced employment pools, federal unemployment subsidies, and other government regulations, which include
        laws and regulations related to workers’ health and safety, wage and hour practices, and immigration.  Labor shortages and increased turnover rates involving our team members have led to, and could in the future lead to, increased costs, such as
        increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our facilities or otherwise operate at full capacity.  An overall or prolonged labor shortage,
        lack of skilled labor, increased turnover, or labor inflation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our success depends on our executive officers, our merchant team, and other key personnel.  If we lose key personnel or are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, it could have a material
        adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers, our merchant team, support center and field management, and other key personnel.  The unexpected loss of
        services of any of our executive officers, senior members of our merchant team, or senior management could materially, adversely affect our business and operations.  Competition for skilled and experienced management in the retail industry is
        intense, and our future success will depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including our merchant team, which is responsible for purchasing, and negotiating the terms of, our merchandise.  Failure to attract new and
        retain existing qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 16 Index If we are unable to attract, train, and retain highly qualified managerial personnel and sales associates in our stores and our distribution centers, our sales, financial
        performance, and business operations may be materially adversely affected. We focus on providing our customers with a memorable and engaging shopping experience.  To grow our operations and meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, train, and retain a large number
        of highly qualified store management personnel and sales associates, while controlling labor costs.  Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors and compliance with laws and regulatory structures, including
        competition for, and availability of, qualified personnel in a given market, unemployment levels within those markets, governmental regulatory bodies such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) and the National Labor Relations
        Board (“NLRB”), prevailing wage rates and wage and hour laws, minimum wage laws, the impact of legislation governing labor and employee relations or benefits, such as the Affordable Care Act (“ACA”), costs of health insurance and other health
        benefits, healthcare costs, and our ability to maintain good relations with our associates.  We compete with many other retail businesses for many of our store management personnel, and sales associates in hourly and part-time positions.  These
        positions have had historically high turnover rates, which lead to increased training and retention costs.  The accelerated pace at which we have been, and plan to continue, opening new stores, both in existing and new markets, could make it
        increasingly difficult to recruit, hire, and retain employees that will be able to properly execute our business goals and offer our customers a quality experience in those new stores.  Further, changes in immigration laws, regulations, and
        enforcement could adversely affect the pool of candidates legally available to fill positions. We also rely on associates in our distribution centers to ensure the efficient processing and delivery of merchandise from our suppliers to our stores.  If we are unable to attract and retain quality associates and
        management personnel, fail to comply with the regulations and laws impacting personnel, or have difficulty accurately predicting employee-related costs (including healthcare costs), and establishing accurate budgetary reserves for such costs, it
        could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our success depends on our marketing, advertising, and promotional efforts.  If we are unable to implement those efforts successfully, or if our competitors engage in more
        effective marketing, advertising, and promotional efforts than we are, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We use marketing and promotional programs to attract customers to our stores and to encourage purchases by our customers.  Although we use various media for our promotional efforts, including regular and Ollie’s Army
        mailers, email campaigns, radio and television advertisements, and sports marketing, we primarily advertise our in-store offerings through printed flyers.  In 2025, over 40% of our advertising spend was for the printing and distribution of flyers. 
        If the efficacy of printed flyers as an advertising medium declines, or if we fail to successfully develop and implement new marketing, advertising, and promotional strategies, such as an effective social media strategy, our competitors may be able
        to attract the interest of our customers, which could reduce customer traffic in our stores.  Changes in the amount and degree of promotional intensity or merchandising strategy by our competitors could cause us to have difficulties in retaining
        existing customers and attracting new customers.  Further, social media allows for an increased speed at which publicity, both positive and negative, can be transmitted.  Information spread over social media, whether based on actual or perceived
        conditions or events, could be disseminated before we can meaningfully investigate and respond to the underlying issue, if any.  Negative online postings or comments about our business, including as a result of inaccurate, fictitious, or even
        malicious postings or social media content, could adversely affect our business and cause damage to the value of our brand. If the efficacy of our marketing or promotional activities declines, if such activities of our competitors are more effective than ours, or if for any other reason we lose the loyalty of our customers, including our
        Ollie’s Army members, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because our business is seasonal, with the highest volume of net sales during the holiday season, adverse events during our fourth fiscal quarter could materially adversely
        affect our business, operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We generally recognize our highest volume of net sales in connection with the holiday sales season, which occurs in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year.  In anticipation of the holiday sales season, we purchase
        substantial amounts of seasonal inventory and hire many part-time associates.  Because a significant percentage of our net sales and operating income are generated in our fourth fiscal quarter, we have limited ability to compensate for shortfalls
        in our fourth fiscal quarter sales or earnings by changing our operations or strategies in other fiscal quarters.  Adverse events, such as deteriorating economic conditions, higher unemployment, higher gas prices, public transportation disruptions,
        errors in anticipating consumer demand for our merchandise, or unanticipated adverse or unseasonable weather conditions could result in lower than planned sales during the holiday sales season.  If our fourth fiscal quarter sales results were
        substantially below expectations, we would realize less cash flows from operations, and may be forced to mark down our merchandise, especially our seasonal merchandise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
        condition, and results of operations. 17 Index Risks associated with the current geopolitical climate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations may differ materially as we cannot predict the impact of the current geopolitical climate.  Risks associated with heightened geopolitical instability
        include, among others, reductions in consumer confidence, heightened inflation, production disruptions, cyber disruptions or attacks, higher natural gas costs, higher manufacturing costs, and higher supply chain costs. Climate-related conditions and changes, natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts, and political events could disrupt our
        business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance. There are inherent climate-related risks wherever our business is conducted.  Changes in market dynamics, shareholder expectations, local, national, and international climate change policies, and the frequency and
        intensity of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the United States and abroad, all have the potential to disrupt our business and operations.  The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, fires,
        floods, and earthquakes, epidemic outbreaks, and unusual weather conditions in regions where our stores are located could adversely affect our business and result in lower sales.  Additionally, climate-related events and circumstances have
        resulted, and likely will continue to result, in increased costs for property insurance policies.  Severe weather, such as heavy snowfall or extreme temperatures, may discourage or restrict customers in a particular region from traveling to our
        stores, thereby reducing our sales and profitability.  If severe weather conditions occur during the second or fourth quarter of our fiscal year, the adverse impact to our sales and profitability could be even greater than at other times during the
        year because we generate a larger portion of our sales and profits during these periods.  The frequency and/or severity of such natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, and earthquakes, may be unpredictable, and we have a growing
        number of stores in areas that may be impacted by weather events and natural disasters such as the types listed above.  To the extent that such weather events or natural disasters may damage our stores or other operations, we may be unable to
        operate stores or other facilities and our consolidated financial results may be materially adversely affected.  Epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, terrorist attacks, war, protests, civil unrest, and disruptive political events in regions where our
        stores are located could impact our management and sales associates, our inventory supply, our delivery schedules, or our ability to keep our stores open due to mandatory governmental restrictions or may cause our customers to avoid shopping at
        brick-and-mortar retailers or reduce the number of trips they will make to our stores.  Also, to the extent these events impact one or more of our key suppliers or result in the closure of one or more of our distribution centers or our corporate
        headquarters, we may be unable to maintain delivery schedules or provide other support functions to our stores.  These conditions could have a sustained material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. LEGAL AND REGULATORY We are subject to governmental regulations, requirements, and procedures.  A significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations, requirements, and procedures could
        have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We routinely incur significant costs in complying with federal, state, and local laws and regulations.  The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate, and the related costs of compliance, are
        increasing due to expanding and additional legal and regulatory requirements and increased or uncertain enforcement efforts.  New laws or regulations, including, but not limited to those dealing with healthcare and healthcare reform, product
        compliance and safety, consumer credit, privacy and information security, the environment, and labor and employment, among others, or changes in existing federal, state, and local laws and regulations, particularly those governing the sale of
        merchandise and food safety and quality (including changes in labeling or disclosure requirements), federal or state wage requirements, employee rights, health care, social welfare or entitlement programs such as health insurance, paid leave
        programs, other changes in workplace regulation, and compliance with laws regarding public access to our stores, may result in significant added expenses or may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement
        and/or could materially increase our cost of doing business.  Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a mandated governmental action, such as a product recall, can result in
        the imposition of penalties, including loss of licenses or significant fines or monetary penalties, store or distribution center closures, or class action litigation or other litigation, in addition to reputational damage.  Additionally, changes in
        tax laws, the interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our reporting positions on examination could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
        and results of operations. 18 Index We rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries for merchandise and a significant amount of our domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad.  Our business
        may be materially adversely affected by legal and regulatory risks associated with international trade. We purchase merchandise from suppliers located outside of the United States.  During fiscal 2025, the majority of our private label inventory purchases were imports.  Additionally, a significant amount of our
        domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured in foreign countries.  Our ability to identify qualified suppliers and to access merchandise in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to merchandise
        sourced outside of North America.  Global sourcing and foreign trade involve numerous factors and uncertainties beyond our control, including possible changes to U.S. trade policy, increased shipping costs, the timing of shipments, increased import
        duties, more restrictive quotas, loss of most favored nation trading status, currency exchange rates, work stoppages, transportation delays, port of entry issues, economic uncertainties such as inflation, foreign government regulations, civil and
        political unrest, natural disasters, war, terrorism, trade restrictions, political instability, the financial stability of vendors, merchandise quality issues, unexpected contagion, existing viruses or illnesses, and tariffs or trade sanctions, as
        well as international trade disputes or changes in trading relationships resulting from current and future political environments.  Moreover, negative press or reports about internationally manufactured merchandise may sway public opinion, and thus
        customer confidence, away from affected merchandise sold in our stores.  Although we have implemented and maintain policies and procedures to promote our suppliers’ compliance with laws and regulations relating to foreign markets and imports, and
        to monitor the compliance of our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not actually or allegedly violate such laws or regulations, or our policies.  These and other issues affecting
        our international vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The cost of compliance with product safety regulations and risks related to product liability claims, lawsuits, and product recalls could damage our reputation, increase our
        cost of doing business, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Federal and state legislation, including new product safety laws and regulations, may negatively impact our operations.  Future changes in product safety laws or regulations may lead to product recalls and the
        disposal or write-off of merchandise.  While we work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, and to execute product recalls in a timely manner, if our merchandise does not meet applicable governmental safety
        standards or our customers’ expectations regarding quality or safety, we could experience lost sales and increased costs, be exposed to legal and reputational risk, and face fines or penalties which could materially adversely affect our financial
        results.  We also purchase a material portion of our merchandise on a closeout basis.  Some of this merchandise is obtained through brokers or intermediaries rather than directly from manufacturers.  The closeout nature of a portion of our business
        sometimes makes it more difficult for us to investigate all aspects of this merchandise.  Furthermore, customers have asserted claims, and may in the future assert claims, that they have sustained injuries from merchandise purchased from us, and we
        may be subject to lawsuits relating to these claims.  There is a risk that these claims may exceed, or fall outside the scope of, our insurance coverage.  Even with adequate insurance and indemnification from third-party suppliers, such claims,
        even if unsuccessful or not fully pursued, could significantly damage our reputation and customer confidence in our merchandise.  If this occurs, it may be difficult for us to regain lost sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our
        business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance. Our insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability, and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on the nature of our operations.  However, there are types of losses
        we may incur but against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of war, employee and certain other crimes, wage and hour claims, and certain other employment-related
        claims, public accommodation claims, class actions, shareholder claims, and some natural disasters.  If we incur these losses and they are material, our business could suffer.  Certain material events may result in sizable losses for the insurance
        industry and adversely impact the availability of adequate insurance coverage or result in excessive premium increases.  To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles, or reduce the amount of
        coverage in response to these market changes.  In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers’ compensation, general liability, and group health insurance programs.  Unanticipated changes in any applicable
        actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, including expected increases in medical and indemnity costs, could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs,
        which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  We maintain insurance for catastrophic events at our store support center, distribution centers, and stores.  In addition, because of ongoing changes
        in healthcare law, among other items, we may experience an increase in participation in our group health insurance programs, which may lead to a greater number of medical and related claims.  While we have coverage for some cyber-related incidents,
        the nature and scope of any potential attack or breach may result in substantial costs that could exceed the scope of coverage or limits of coverage.  If we experience a greater number of these losses than we anticipate, it could have a material
        adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 19 Index We face litigation risks from customers, associates, suppliers, stockholders, and other third parties in the ordinary course of business. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by customers, current and former associates, suppliers, stockholders, intellectual property rights holders, government agencies, and others, through private actions,
        class actions, collective actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, or other litigation.  From time to time, such lawsuits are filed against us and the outcome of any litigation, particularly class or collective action lawsuits and
        regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify.  Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for
        substantial periods of time.  The cost to defend any such lawsuits may be significant and may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required.  There may also be negative publicity associated with
        litigation that could decrease customer acceptance of merchandise offerings, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.  As a result, litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business,
        financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. If we fail to protect our intellectual property portfolio, including without limitation brand names and other trademarks, the value of these assets may be diluted. We may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property in each jurisdiction in which we do business.  For example, we may not always be
        able to successfully enforce our trademarks against competitors or against challenges by others, and our failure to successfully protect our trademarks could diminish the value and efficacy of our brand recognition and may cause customer
        confusion.  Any failure to adequately protect or manage our intellectual property portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. TECHNOLOGY AND CYBERSECURITY Any disruptions to our information technology systems or breaches of our network security could disrupt or interrupt our operations, compromise our reputation, expose us to
        litigation, government enforcement actions, and costly response measures and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on the integrity, security, and successful functioning of our information technology systems and network infrastructure across our operations, including point-of-sale processing at our stores.  In connection
        with sales, we make every effort not to transmit confidential credit and debit card information.  Instead, we work with a third-party processing agent to provide us with a token to use in our payment process, in lieu of having to store such
        information.  In doing so, we must rely on our third-party provider’s uninterrupted and secure services, and if there is a failure or disruption in that process, there may be limited circumstances in which we are required to transmit encrypted
        confidential information. We are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI”) issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council.  However, there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to
        operate our facilities and our customer service and sales operations in accordance with PCI or other industry recommended or contractually required practices.  We expect to incur additional expenses, and the time and effort of our information
        technology staff, to maintain PCI compliance.  Even though we are compliant with such standards, we still may not be able to prevent or timely detect security breaches. An increasingly significant portion of our sales depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, including, but not limited to, our point-of-sale system and our credit
        card processing systems.  Our information technology, communications systems, and electronic data may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from malicious code, phishing, smishing, artificial intelligence deepfakes, computer viruses, other
        malware attacks, ransomware attacks, loss of data, unauthorized data breaches, usage errors by our associates or our contractors, or other attempts to harm our systems, including cyber-security attacks or other breaches of cardholder data,
        earthquakes, acts of war or terrorist attacks, floods, fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, power loss and outages, and computer and telecommunications failures.  Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot
        account for all eventualities.  The nature and scope of threats from artificial intelligence, in particular, represents a new, unpredictable frontier.  The occurrence of intentional sabotage, unauthorized access, natural disaster, or other
        unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our service.  Any errors or vulnerabilities in our systems, or damage to or failure of our systems, could result in interruptions in our services, non-compliance with certain
        regulations, substantial remediation costs, and liability for lost or stolen information, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 20 Index Data protection requirements increase our operating costs, and a breach of information privacy or other related risks could negatively impact our operations. We have access to collect or maintain private or confidential information regarding our customers, associates, and suppliers, as well as our business.  The protection of our customer, associate, supplier, and company
        data is critical to us.  In recent years, there has been increasing regulation, enforcement, and litigation activity in the area of privacy, data protection, and information security in the United States and in various other countries, with the
        frequent imposition of new and changing requirements across the many states in which we conduct our business.  State privacy laws and regulations, such as The Connecticut Data Privacy Act, The New York Privacy Act, The California Consumer Privacy
        Act of 2018, The California Privacy Rights Act, and others, have imposed and likely will impose additional data protection obligations on companies considered to be doing business in such applicable states and provides for substantial fines for
        non-compliance and, in some cases, a private right of action to consumers who are victims of data breaches.  Privacy regulations in particular may shift from federal to state-level regimes, resulting in additional time, effort, and costs to
        navigate the inconsistent regulatory landscape for multi-state operators.  Complying with existing laws and similar emerging and changing privacy, data protection, and information security requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or
        compliance risks due to, among other things, system changes and the development of new processes and business initiatives.  Our failure to comply with privacy, data protection, and information security laws could result in potentially significant
        regulatory and/or governmental investigations and/or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions, ongoing regulatory monitoring, and customer attrition. In addition, our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information from cyber-attack or other security breaches.  We have procedures in place to evaluate the integrity of
        our systems, and to safeguard such data and information.  However, the landscape is evolving at a rapid pace, and we may be unable to effectively anticipate or respond to attacks to or breaches of our security systems or implement adequate
        preventative measures.  A breach of customer, employee, supplier, or company data could attract a substantial amount of negative media attention, damage our customer and supplier relationships and our reputation, and result in lost sales, costly
        fines, other expenses, and/or lawsuits, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our information technology systems or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations
        may be disrupted or become less efficient. We depend on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business.  We rely on certain hardware, telecommunications, and software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many
        of these systems so that we can continue to support our business.  Various components of our information technology systems, including hardware, networks, and software, are licensed to us by third-party vendors.  We rely extensively on our
        information technology systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business.  We are in compliance with PCI. Compliance with PCI and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires
        significant resources and ongoing attention.  Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology such as those necessary to achieve compliance with PCI or with maintenance or
        adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations.  Any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems, including in connection with our co-branded credit card program, could have
        a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them.  If there are amendments to PCI, the cost of re-compliance could
        also be substantial, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations as a result.  In addition, we may have to upgrade our existing information technology systems from time to time in order for such systems to
        withstand the increasing needs of our expanding business.  Costs and potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of our existing systems could disrupt
        or reduce the efficiency of our business. 21 Index We may not adopt technological advancements, such as AI, as quickly or effectively as our competitors, or we may rely on such technological advancements to too great an extent,
        in either case such that there is an adverse effect on our operations. Like many other businesses, and retailers specifically, we may from time to time adopt technological advancements such as AI, including without limitation generative AI, and engage with
          vendors that use AI in providing their respective goods and services. We currently have an AI policy established to support the responsible use of AI technologies in our operations, with a focus on enhancing business effectiveness while managing
          ethical, legal, cybersecurity, data privacy, and other technology-related risks. If we fail to incorporate AI into our business operations as quickly or effectively as our competitors do, such failure could impair our ability to compete
          effectively, and our operations could suffer accordingly.  Alternatively, we may integrate new technology such as AI into key operational and/or administrative aspects of our business too quickly, such that, if the AI we rely on is ultimately
          determined to be deficient, inaccurate, or otherwise flawed, our reliance on such AI could be materially adverse to our business operations.  The ongoing evolution of AI’s capabilities, as well as potential government regulation of AI, presents
          an uncertain landscape, and we may misallocate resources to developing, testing, maintaining, or backtracking our implementation of AI.  Further, new AI technologies could increase the risk of data breaches, intellectual property
          misappropriation, and cyber-attacks.  We might not be able to sufficiently ward against, or remediate thereafter, such attacks, which may cause disruption to business operations and harm our cash flows, operations, financial condition, and
          reputation. ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL MATTERS If our estimates or judgments relating to our significant accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
        accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  The results of these estimates form the basis for
        making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if
        actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. Changes to accounting rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Changes to existing accounting rules or regulations may impact our future results of operations or cause the perception that we are more highly leveraged.  Other new accounting rules or regulations and varying
        interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations have occurred and may occur in the future.  Future changes to accounting rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
        operations. OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Because we are a public company, our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance and governance initiatives and issues. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by the SEC and the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (“NASDAQ”) have imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective
        disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices.  Implementing and maintaining internal controls is both time-consuming and costly.  If we fail to maintain an effective internal control environment or to comply with the
        numerous legal and regulatory requirements imposed on public companies, we could make material errors in, and be required to restate, our financial statements.  Any such restatement could result in a loss of public confidence in the reliability of
        our financial statements and sanctions imposed on us by the SEC.  If we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to, among other items, the delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, and other regulatory
        actions, as well as potential civil litigation and reputational harm. Our business and reputation may be adversely affected by environmental, social, and governance matters. Investor and regulatory focus has intensified with respect to certain environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters.  These matters include, among others, efforts and mitigation of the impact of climate
        change, human rights matters, ethics and compliance with law, diversity, equity and inclusion, and the role of the Board in supervising various ESG and sustainability issues.  Additionally, in the retail industry, the materials used in the
        merchandise we sell as well as where we source our merchandise are of particular importance. 22 Index Further, investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in ESG assessments have both gained popularity and been subject to criticism, and several major institutional investors and advisors, as
        well as government actors, including the executive branch, have publicly emphasized or disfavored the importance of ESG measures to their investment decisions and recommendations.  Investors who are focused on ESG matters may look either positively
        or negatively upon enhanced ESG disclosures or implementation of ESG policies and procedures, and our response may fall short of expectations in either case.  There can be no assurances that shareholders will not advocate, via proxy contests, media
        campaigns, or by other public or private means, for us to either take more ESG focused actions on an accelerated timeline or not to do so. There can be no certainty that we will successfully navigate or manage all of the ESG issues, or that we will
        successfully meet the expectations of investors or others.  Further, our ESG initiatives may garner the positive or negative attention of the administration.  In each case, such negative attention could have a material adverse effect on our
        reputation with governments, customers, employees, other third parties and the communities and industries in which we operate, as well as on our business, share price, financial condition, access to capital, or results of operations. If securities analysts or industry analysts downgrade our shares, publish negative research or reports, or do not publish reports about our business, our share price and trading
        volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock is to some extent influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business, and our industry.  If no or few analysts commence
        coverage of us, the trading price of our stock could decrease.  Even if we do obtain analyst coverage, if one or more analysts adversely change their recommendation regarding our shares or our competitors’ stock, our share price might decline.  If
        one or more analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we might lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders or upon the exercise of outstanding stock options or grant of stock options or restricted stock units in the future
        may cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly.  As of January 31, 2026, we have an aggregate of 932,904 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and the vesting of restricted stock units under
        the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2015 Plan”) and the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2025 Plan”, and together with the 2015 Plan, the “Equity Plans”) (261,863 of which are fully vested). The perception that such sales could occur could also depress the market price of our common stock.  Any such sales could also create public perception of difficulties or problems with our business and might also
        make it more difficult for us to raise capital through the sale of equity securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and may continue to fluctuate significantly.  For example, during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, our stock price fluctuated from
        a high of $141.74 to a low of $94.88.  Future announcements or disclosures concerning us or any of our competitors, our strategic initiatives, our sales and profitability, our financial condition, any quarterly variations in actual or anticipated
        operating results or comparable sales, any failure to meet analysts’ expectations and sales of large blocks of our common stock, among other factors, could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially.  In addition, the
        stock market has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many retail and other stocks that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. We are a holding company and rely on dividends and other payments, advances, and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations and pay any dividends. We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than ownership of 100% of the capital stock of our subsidiaries.  Because we conduct operations through our subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for
        dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations and to pay any dividends with respect to our common stock.  Legal and contractual restrictions in the Credit Facility (defined below) and other
        agreements which may govern future indebtedness of our subsidiaries, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries.  The earnings from, or other
        available assets of, our subsidiaries might not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or other obligations.  Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect
        our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 23 Index We do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The continued operation and expansion of our business will require substantial funding.  We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future.  Any payment of
        cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, capital requirements, legal requirements, earnings, and other factors.  Our ability to pay dividends is restricted by the terms of our Credit Facility
        and might be restricted by the terms of any indebtedness that we incur in the future.  Accordingly, realization of any gain on our common stock will depend on the appreciation of the price of the shares of our common stock, which may never occur. Anti-takeover provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and fourth amended and restated bylaws, and under Delaware law, could make an acquisition
        of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, and limit the market price of our common stock. Provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and fourth amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management.  Our
        third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and fourth amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: • authorize the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; • subject to certain exceptions, require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be affected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent; • specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by a majority of our Board, or upon the request of the Chairperson of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer; • establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board; • prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; and • provide that vacancies on our Board may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum. These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board, which is
        responsible for appointing the members of our management. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be
        initiated by our stockholders, which could increase costs of bringing a claim, discourage claims, or limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. The Company’s certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing in advance to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive
        forum, to the fullest extent provided by law, for the following types of actions or proceedings: • any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; • any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any wrongdoing by, any director, officer, or employee of the Company to the Company, or the Company’s stockholders; • any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporate Law, the certificate of incorporation (as it may be amended from time to time), or the fourth amended and restated bylaws; • any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or the fourth amended and restated bylaws; or • any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 24 Index Application of the choice of forum provision may be limited in some instances by law.  Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”) provides for exclusive federal court jurisdiction over
        Exchange Act claims.  Accordingly, to the extent the exclusive forum provision is held to cover a shareholder derivative action asserting claims under the Exchange Act, such claims could not be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery and would
        instead be within the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the District of Delaware.  Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933 (“Securities Act”) creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to
        enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.  Moreover, our stockholders will not be deemed by operation of our choice of forum provision to have waived our compliance with the federal
        securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder.  It is also possible that, notwithstanding the forum selection clause, a court could rule that such a provision is inapplicable or unenforceable, which could have a material adverse effect
        on our business, financial condition, and adversely impact our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. INDEBTEDNESS AND CAPITALIZATION Indebtedness may limit our ability to invest in the ongoing needs of our business, and if we are unable to comply with our financial covenants, it could have a material adverse
        effect on our liquidity and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Company’s credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) provides for a five-year $100.0 million revolving credit facility, which includes a $45.0 million sub-facility for letters of credit and a $25.0 million
        sub-facility for swingline loans (the “Revolving Credit Facility”).  As of January 31, 2026, we had no outstanding borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility, with $86.5 million of borrowing availability.  We may, from time to time, incur
        additional indebtedness. The agreements governing our Credit Facility place certain conditions on us, including restrictions that may, among other items: • increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the industries in which we operate; • make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates, as borrowings under our Credit Facility are at variable rates; • limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital or other purposes; • require us to utilize our cash flows from operations to make payments on indebtedness, reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development activity, and other general corporate purposes;
                and • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. Our Credit Facility places certain limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness.  However, subject to the qualifications and exceptions in our Credit Facility, we may be permitted to incur substantial
        additional indebtedness and may incur obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under the terms of the Credit Facility.  Our Credit Facility also places certain limitations on, among other items, our ability to enter into certain types of
        transactions, financing arrangements and investments, to make certain changes to our capital structure, and to guarantee certain indebtedness.  Our Credit Facility also places certain restrictions on the payment of dividends and distributions, as
        well as certain management fees.  These restrictions limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability to: • pay dividends on, redeem, or repurchase our stock, or make other distributions; • incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; • sell stock in our subsidiaries; • create or incur liens; • make acquisitions or investments; • transfer or sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies; • make certain payments or prepayments of indebtedness subordinated to our obligations under our Credit Facility; and • enter into certain transactions with our affiliates. 25 Index Failure to comply with certain covenants or the occurrence of a change of control under our Credit Facility could result in the acceleration of our obligations under the Credit Facility, which could materially
        adversely affect our liquidity, capital resources, and results of operations. Under certain circumstances, our Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain financial covenants regarding our fixed charge coverage ratio.  Failure to comply could result in a default and an acceleration of
        our obligations under the Credit Facility, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
        Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Credit Facilities.” We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
        results of operations. Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to refinance indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future and is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative,
        regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control.  If our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, in the amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us in amounts sufficient to fund
        our other liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  If we cannot generate sufficient cash flows from operations to make scheduled principal and interest payments in the
        future, we may need to refinance all or a portion of indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures, or seek additional equity.  The terms of future debt agreements, including our Credit Facility, may also restrict us
        from affecting any of these alternatives.  Further, changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing, make it more difficult to obtain favorable terms, or
        restrict our access to these sources of future liquidity.  If we are unable to refinance indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all or to affect any other action relating to indebtedness on satisfactory terms or at all, it could have a
        material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. We are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares under our share repurchase program, and all repurchase decisions are made in our sole discretion.  Even if our share repurchase program is fully executed, it may not
        enhance long-term stockholder value.  Also, the amount, timing, and execution of our share repurchase program may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes and because of changes in cash flows, tax laws, and the
        market price of our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity The Board recognizes the importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, associates, vendors, and other business partners through the effective management of Company enterprise risks.  The Board, through its Audit Committee, oversees the Company’s risk management program, and cybersecurity represents an important component of the Company’s overall approach to enterprise risk management (“ERM”). Cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices comprise an integral part of the Company’s ERM program and are based on recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, and other applicable industry standards. In general, the Company addresses cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach focused on preserving the confidentiality, security, and availability of the information that the Company collects and stores by, first, identifying, preventing, and mitigating cybersecurity threats and, when needed, effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents. 26 Index Risk Management and Strategy The Company’s cybersecurity program focuses on the following key areas: • As discussed in more detail under the heading “Governance,” the Board oversees the Company’s ERM functions through its Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”).  The Audit Committee, in turn, oversees the Company’s Risk Management
                Committee (the “Risk Committee”), which includes the Company’s Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), who fulfills the role of Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), other members of management, and select personnel from key departments. 
                The Risk Committee regularly meets to discuss, evaluate, and address the ever-changing landscape of enterprise risks.  The Risk Committee then reports to, and solicits direction and input from, the Audit Committee. • The Company has implemented a comprehensive, cross functional approach to identifying, mitigating, and preventing cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation
                of certain cybersecurity incidents, so that management can make decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents in a timely manner.  The Board, Company management, other key associates, and outside vendors and
                service providers work together and diligently at all levels of the ERM function. • The Company deploys technical safeguards that are designed to protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality, and access
                controls, which the Company evaluates and improves through vulnerability assessments and cybersecurity threat intelligence. • The Company has established and maintains comprehensive incident response and recovery plans that fully address the Company’s response to a cybersecurity incident.  Such plans are tested and evaluated on a regular basis. • The Company maintains a comprehensive, risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third parties (including vendors, service providers, and other external users of the Company’s systems) as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact the Company’s business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. • The Company conducts regular training for its associates regarding cybersecurity threats, as means to equip the Company’s associates with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats and to communicate the Company’s evolving
                information security policies, standards, processes, and practices. • The Company has established an Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) policy to support the responsible use of AI technologies in the Company’s operations, with a focus on enhancing business effectiveness while managing ethical, legal,
                cybersecurity, data privacy, and other technology-related risks. The Company regularly assesses and tests the Company’s policies, standards, processes, and practices that are designed to address cybersecurity threats and incidents.  These efforts include a wide range of activities, including audits, assessments, tabletop exercises, threat modeling, vulnerability testing, and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures. The Company regularly engages third parties to perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments, audits, and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. The CIO’s team reports the results of such assessments, audits, and reviews to the Risk Committee and the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis, and the Company adjusts its cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices as necessary based on the valuable information gleaned during these assessments, audits, and reviews. Governance and Board Oversight The Board, through its Audit Committee, pursuant to the Audit Committee’s charter, and in coordination with the Company’s Risk Committee, oversees the Company’s ERM process, including the management of risks arising from cybersecurity threats. The Risk Committee solicits regular presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks from various departments within the Company, expressly seeking a wide range of input and viewpoints on the ERM process. The Risk Committee considers topics such as recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, the threat environment, technological trends, and information security considerations arising with respect to the Company’s peers and third parties. On a quarterly basis, the Risk Committee meets to discuss ERM, including cybersecurity processes, keeping adequate records of its consideration of the applicable ERM topics.  The Risk Committee reports quarterly to the Board’s Audit Committee, responding to the comments, questions, directives, and input from the members thereof, and engaging in a fulsome discussion of the Company’s approach to, among other things, cybersecurity risk management. 27 Index Company Management The CIO, in coordination with the Company’s IT Security and Compliance (“ITSEC”) team works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company’s incident response and recovery plans. The CIO has served various roles in information technology for over 34 years, including 18 years with responsibility in overseeing cybersecurity efforts in large publicly traded companies.  The ITSEC team includes a dedicated manager and security analysts.  The ITSEC team also has access to two dedicated consultants who each have over 20 years’ experience managing cybersecurity risk and infrastructure security in large publicly-traded companies. The Company’s Incident Response Team, which includes the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, CIO, and General Counsel, receives prompt and timely information regarding any
        cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed. To facilitate the success of the Company’s cybersecurity components of the ERM program, multidisciplinary teams throughout the Company are deployed to address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, the CIO and the ITSEC team monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents in real time and report such threats and incidents to the Risk Committee and Audit Committee when appropriate. Cybersecurity Risks Despite the security measures we have implemented, certain cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our operational systems if our IT resources are compromised by an intentional attack which results in the loss of trade
        secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromises personally identifiable information regarding customers or employees; delays our ability to deliver products to customers; jeopardizes the security of our facilities;
        or causes other damage. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, we did not experience any material impact to our business, financial position, or operations resulting from previously identified cyberattacks or other information security incidents, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material breaches. While our lack of an online shopping option or an omnichannel customer experience may pose risks to our business, the same aspect of our operations insulates us from the same level of cybersecurity risks relative to those peers. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material cybersecurity incident could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation,
        results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Additionally, while we have a cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information systems, we also maintain cybersecurity insurance to manage
        potential liabilities resulting from specific cyber-attacks.  Although we maintain cybersecurity insurance, there can be no guarantee that our insurer(s) will cover specific claims, pay the full costs of an incident, or provide payment in a timely
        manner.  For more information, please see “

