TICKER: ONC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain for prescription drug products must also comply with product tracking and tracing requirements and notify the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the U.S. The FDA may withdraw a product approval, revoke a biologics license or implement restrictions on such product if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Further, the failure to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements may result in administrative or judicial actions, such as fines, untitled or warning letters, holds on clinical trials, product seizures, product detention or refusal to permit the import or export of products, refusal to approve pending applications or supplements, restrictions on marketing or manufacturing, injunctions or civil or criminal penalties. We may undertake or be required to undertake a product recall. Patent Term Restoration and Regulatory Exclusivity In certain circumstances, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, if available, we intend to apply for restorations of patent term for some of our patents beyond their current expiration dates, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA or BLA; however, there can be no assurance that any such extension will be granted to us. Data exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent data exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated NDA (“ANDA”) or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, such an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of data exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. Regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. can also include pediatric exclusivity and orphan drug exclusivity. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, provides an additional six months of exclusivity for all formulations, dosage forms, and indications of the active moiety and, for drugs, patent terms. This exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial, provided that at the time pediatric exclusivity is granted there is not less than nine months of term remaining. Orphan drug exclusivity is described below under “Orphan Drugs.” 33 Table of Contents Biosimilars and Exclusivity The PHSA includes an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. A reference biologic is granted 12 years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product. The FDA may approve multiple “first” interchangeable products so long as they are all approved on the same first day of marketing. This exclusivity period, which may be shared amongst multiple first interchangeable products, lasts for the lesser of (i) one year after the first commercial marketing, (ii) 18 months after approval if there is no legal challenge, (iii) 18 months after the resolution in the applicant’s favor of a lawsuit challenging the biologic’s patents if an application has been submitted, or (iv) 42 months after the application has been approved if a lawsuit is ongoing within the 42-month period. Orphan Drugs Orphan drugs are defined by the FDA as products intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects less than 200,000 persons in the U.S. or that affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that costs of research and development of the product for the indication can be recovered by sales of the product in the U.S. A company must request orphan drug designation prior to filing and, if granted, the FDA will not approve another sponsor’s marketing application for the same drug for the same indication for seven years. Orphan drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another medicine for the same indication if it is shown to be clinically superior. Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including drugs and biologics, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information, which is publicly available at www.clinicaltrials.gov. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Although sponsors are obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion, disclosure of the results can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Failure to timely register a covered clinical study or to submit study results as provided for in the law can give rise to public notification of noncompliance, civil monetary penalties and also prevent the non-compliant party from receiving future grant funds from the federal government. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing, and Reimbursement In the U.S. and in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, including government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. Patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs and no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. Additionally, the process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Moreover, a payor’s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 34 Table of Contents Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. In order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of any products, in addition to the costs required to obtain regulatory approvals. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective or medically-necessary compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. In some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Healthcare Reform The U.S. government and state legislatures have implemented cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid health care costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. Such adoption of government controls and tightening of restrictive policies could limit payments for pharmaceuticals. For example, the Affordable Care Act (the “ACA”) contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products, including increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of sales to federal health care programs. Some of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be fully implemented, while certain provisions have been subject to judicial, Congressional, and Executive challenges. As a result, it is unclear how such efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA will impact our business. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted. For example, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 amended the ACA by increasing the point-of-sale discount that is owed by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D from 50% to 70% and closing the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans. In addition, the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 led to aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year that will remain in effect through 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Further, the American Taxpayer Relief Act reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 eliminated the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, set at 100% of a drug’s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. These laws and regulations may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. 35 Table of Contents The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) was enacted containing provisions that reduce the out-of-pocket spending cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries from $7,050 to $2,000 starting in 2025, thereby effectively eliminating the coverage gap; impose new manufacturer financial liability on certain drugs under Medicare Part D; allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D price caps for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition; require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for certain drug prices that increase faster than inflation; and delay until January 1, 2032 the implementation of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) rebate rule that would have limited the fees that pharmacy benefit managers can charge. Under the IRA, an orphan drug is exempt from the Medicare drug price negotiation program only if it has a single orphan designation and its sole approved indication is for that disease or condition. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025 (“OBBBA”) removes this limitation. Beginning with the 2028 initial price applicability year, all orphan drugs—regardless of the number of orphan designations or approved indications—are exempt from the Medicare drug price negotiation program. However, an orphan drug loses this exemption once it receives approval for any non-orphan indication, at which point it becomes eligible for selection for Medicare drug price negotiation. The implementation of the IRA is currently subject to ongoing litigation challenging the constitutionality of the IRA’s Medicare drug price negotiation program. The effects of the IRA on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known. Although certain provisions of the IRA remain subject of ongoing litigation, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has started implementing key components of the law, including inflation-based rebates and the Medicare drug price negotiation program, and these provisions are expected to have an impact on our business and the healthcare industry in general. On November 6, 2025, CMS announced a new drug payment model designed to make Most Favored Nation (“MFN”)-level prices available to state Medicaid programs via manufacturer rebates. Referred to as the “GENErating cost Reductions fOr U.S. Medicaid Model” (“GENEROUS”), the initiative is designed to run from 2026 through 2030 and is voluntary for both manufacturers and state Medicaid programs. Under the model, participating states will be able to access MFN-level prices for participating manufacturers’ drugs through CMS-negotiated supplemental rebates tied to an MFN net price benchmark. On December 19, 2025, CMS proposed a mandatory Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (“CMMI”) drug payment model to test whether alternative methods for calculating Medicare rebates, based on international pricing metrics rather than inflation-based metrics, reduce costs for Medicare fee-for-service (“FFS”) beneficiaries and the Medicare program while preserving quality of care. The Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (“GUARD”) Model, would test an alternative approach to calculating rebates for certain Medicare Part D products using international pricing benchmarks.  The GUARD Model would begin on January 1, 2027, and run through December 31, 2033. Further, on December 19, 2025, CMS proposed the Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing Model (“GLOBE”) for Medicare Part B, would require manufacturers of specified single source drugs and sole source biologics to pay incremental rebates based on international benchmark prices, with participation triggered for products meeting CMS’s spending and eligibility criteria. As proposed, GLOBE would begin a five-year performance period on October 1, 2026. CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. CMS also published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs. Further, CMS issued the CY 2026 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule final rule, effective January 1, 2026, which, among other things, restricts whether certain fees should be considered bona fide service fees, increases bona fide service fee documentation requirements, defines “bundled arrangement,” requires “unbundling” of both contingent and non-contingent discounts and includes sales of Part B units at the Maximum Fair Price in average sales price calculations. These changes may reduce reimbursement for Medicare Part B utilization and require manufacturers to comply with new, complex and potentially uncertain reporting obligations and drug pricing documentation practices. There has also been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. In addition, there have been several changes to the 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications sold to certain health care facilities. In November 2023, the U.S. District Court of South Carolina issued an opinion in Genesis Healthcare Inc. v. Becerra et al. that may lead to an expansion of the scope of patients eligible to access prescriptions at 340B pricing. In December 2025, the U.S. District Court of Maine issued a preliminary injunction blocking HHS from implementing the 340B rebate model pilot program, and HHS subsequently agreed to vacate the existing program so it could consider whether to proceed with a new administrative process for such a program. 36 Table of Contents At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. While much of the focus of state pricing policies is limited to Medicaid, we cannot assess the impact that these and other measures such as state transparency policies will have on our business. Additionally, certain states are also pursuing cost containment efforts through Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (“PDABs”) and similar entities. While many PDABs have been granted authority to promote drug price transparency and reporting, some states have granted PDABs more expansive authority, including to set Upper Payment Limits (UPLs) on select, high price drugs. The adoption and implementation of UPLs may put downward pressure on drug prices and impact our company’s future revenues. Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements We are subject to various federal and state laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. These laws may impact, among other things, our sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy, cybersecurity, trade, and national security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business prior to and after receiving regulatory approval of our product candidates. Some of the laws that may affect our ability to operate are detailed below: • The federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute (“AKS”), which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, providing, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation or arrangement of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are several statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, they are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the AKS without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. Violations of the AKS carry potentially significant civil fines and criminal penalties, including imprisonment, fines, administrative federal civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. This law applies to our marketing practices, educational programs, pricing policies and relationships with healthcare providers. We continue to evaluate what effect, if any, these rules will have on our business. • The federal civil and criminal false claims and civil monetary penalty laws, such as the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), which impose criminal and civil penalties and authorize civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for, among other things: knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false, fictitious or fraudulent; knowingly making or causing a false statement or record material to a false or fraudulent claim or obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. The government may deem manufacturers to have “caused” the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. Companies that submit claims directly to payors may also be liable under the FCA for the direct submission of such claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a “whistleblower” to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery. When an entity is determined to have violated the FCA, the government may impose civil fines and penalties for each false claim, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. Our marketing and activities relating to the reporting of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, the reporting of prices used to calculate Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state and third-party reimbursement for our products, and the sale and marketing of our products and any future product candidates are subject to scrutiny under this law. 37 Table of Contents • The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal AKS, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. • As further amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“HITECH”), HIPAA and their respective implementing regulations impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates who perform services for them that involve the creation, maintenance, receipt, use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, made civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA laws and seek attorneys’ fees and costs. In addition, there may be other federal, state and non-U.S. laws which govern the privacy and security of health and other personal information and which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. • The federal transparency requirements under the ACA, including the provision commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians, certain other licensed health care practitioners and teaching hospitals. Manufacturers are also required to disclose ownership and investment interest held by physicians and their immediate family members. • Federal price reporting laws, which require manufacturers to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs. • Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. • The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making, or offering or promising to make, improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or otherwise seeking favorable treatment. • Executive Order 14117 on Preventing Access to Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal Data and United States Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern prohibits transactions involving certain sensitive personal data categories, including health data, genetic data, and biospecimens, to countries of concern, including China. The regulations also restrict investment agreements, employment agreements and vendor agreements involving such data and countries of concern. Actual or alleged violations of these regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, and may result in exclusion from participation in federal and state programs. Similarly, state privacy laws may be broader and require greater protections than HIPAA. These data privacy and security laws may differ from each other and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, certain states have passed privacy laws that grant consumers rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. Several states have passed laws specifically regulating consumer health data, which impose detailed consent requirements for uses and disclosures of such data. These laws provide for civil penalties for violations, and key concepts in such laws have not yet been tested, leading to significant uncertainty concerning the application of such laws to our practices. In addition, several of these laws allow for private claims, which could lead to litigation risks even where we believe we are in compliance. 38 Table of Contents Additionally, we are subject to state equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply to healthcare services reimbursed by any third-party payor, not just governmental payors, but also private insurers. These laws are enforced by various state agencies and through private actions. Some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and/or other voluntary industry codes of conduct that restrict the payments made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources. Several states and local laws also impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state, require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. In the U.S., to help patients afford our approved product, we may utilize programs to assist them, including patient assistance programs and co-pay coupon programs for eligible patients. Government enforcement agencies have shown increased interest in pharmaceutical companies’ product and patient assistance programs, including reimbursement support services, and investigations into these programs have resulted in significant civil and criminal settlements. In addition, at least one insurer has directed its network pharmacies to no longer accept co-pay coupons for certain specialty drugs the insurer identified. Our co-pay coupon programs could become the target of similar insurer actions. In addition, the CMS issued guidance to the issuers of qualified health plans sold through the ACA’s marketplaces encouraging such plans to reject patient cost-sharing support from third parties and indicating that the CMS intends to monitor the provision of such support and may take regulatory action to limit it in the future. The CMS also requires individual market qualified health plans to accept third-party premium and cost-sharing payments from certain government-related entities. Furthermore, the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) of the HHS has warned manufacturers that they may be subject to sanctions under the federal AKS and/or civil monetary penalty laws if they do not take appropriate steps to exclude Part D beneficiaries from using co-pay coupons. It is possible that changes in insurer policies regarding co-pay coupons and/or the introduction and enactment of new legislation or regulatory action could restrict or otherwise negatively affect these patient support programs, which could result in fewer patients using affected products, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our sales, business, and financial condition. Third-party patient assistance programs that receive financial support from companies have become the subject of enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny. The OIG has established guidelines that suggest that it is lawful for pharmaceutical manufacturers to make donations to charitable organizations who provide co-pay assistance to Medicare patients, provided that such organizations, among other things, are bona fide charities, are entirely independent of and not controlled by the manufacturer, provide aid to applicants on a first-come basis according to consistent financial criteria and do not link aid to use of a donor’s product. However, donations to patient assistance programs have received some negative publicity and been the subject of multiple government enforcement actions, related to allegations regarding their use to promote branded pharmaceutical products over other less costly alternatives. Specifically, in recent years, there have been multiple settlements resulting out of government claims challenging the legality of their patient assistance programs under a variety of federal and state laws. The scope and enforcement of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Federal and state enforcement has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. EU Regulation EU Product Approval The EMA is a decentralized scientific agency of the EU which coordinates the scientific evaluation and monitoring of centrally authorized medicinal products and is responsible for the scientific evaluation of applications for EU marketing authorizations, as well as the development of technical guidance and the provision of scientific advice to sponsors. The EMA decentralizes its scientific assessment of medicines by working through a network of experts throughout the EU, nominated by the EU Member States. The EC is responsible for formally granting centralized marketing authorizations in the EU, following the scientific opinion from the EMA. 39 Table of Contents The process regarding approval of medicinal products in the EU is similar to the process in the U.S. and generally involves completing each of the following: • preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies performed in accordance with the applicable EU GLP regulations; • submission of a clinical trial authorization application (“CTA”) for each trial in humans through the EU Clinical Trials Information System (“CTIS”) to the competent authorities of the EU Member States concerned, which must be approved before the trial may begin in each EU Member State where patient enrollment is planned; • performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for each proposed indication; • submission to the relevant competent authorities of a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”), which includes the data supporting safety and efficacy as well as detailed information on the manufacture and composition of the product in clinical development and proposed labeling; • satisfactory completion of an inspection by the relevant national authorities of the manufacturing facility or facilities, including those of third parties, at which the product is produced to assess compliance with strictly enforced cGMP; • potential audits of the non-clinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the MAA; and • review and approval by the relevant competent authority of the MAA before any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the product. Preclinical Studies and Clinical Trials The conduct of preclinical tests and formulation of compounds for testing in the EU must comply with the relevant international, EU and national legislation, regulations and guidelines. The results of the preclinical tests, together with relevant manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted as part of the CTA. Clinical trials of medicinal products conducted in the EU must comply with the harmonized regulatory framework provided by Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (“Clinical Trials Regulation”), and the International Conference on Harmonization (“ICH”) guidelines on GCP. A clinical trial to be conducted in an EU Member State must be authorized by the competent authority of the EU Member State concerned and given a positive opinion by an independent ethics committee in accordance with the Clinical Trials Regulation and applicable national laws. The CTA must include, among other things, a copy of the trial protocol and an investigational medicinal product dossier containing information about the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation, and data derived from non-clinical studies and from its clinical use (if any). The Clinical Trials Regulation, which became applicable in January 2022, establishes the procedure to enable sponsors to submit one CTA for it to be approved in a more streamlined and coordinated manner by two or more countries in the EU or European Economic Area (“EEA”) where the clinical trial is to be performed. Sponsors are required to submit an application through an online platform known as the Clinical Trials Information System for approval. To make it more efficient to carry out such multinational trials, one EU Member State assumes the role as the reporting Member State to lead the scientific review of the assessment, for agreement by the EU Member States concerned within the timeframe stipulated by the Clinical Trials Regulation. Each concerned Member State is responsible for assessing country-specific issues concerning the clinical trial, including those related to adequacy of the trial sites, facilities and recruitment details. One of the key objectives of the Clinical Trial Regulation is to strengthen the transparency of clinical trial related information. Clinical trial data and information submitted to the CTIS are subject to public disclosure in accordance with the Clinical Trials Regulation, subject to defined exceptions, including for the protection of personal data, commercially confidential information, and confidential communications between Member States during the assessment process. Manufacturers are afforded the opportunity to seek scientific advice from regulatory authorities to guide their research and development programs. A request for scientific advice can be made nationally by engaging the national competent authorities or centrally, which is coordinated by the EMA at different stages of product development in relation to questions concerning an assessment of the product quality, non-clinical testing and clinical development. Scientific advice is not binding with regard to any future MAA of the product concerned, but departure from the advice should be justified in the MAA. 40 Table of Contents Marketing Authorizations After completion of the required clinical testing, we must obtain a marketing authorization before we can place a medicinal product on the market in the EU. There are various marketing authorization procedures available, depending on the type of product involved. All procedures require an application to be presented in the internationally harmonized Common Technical Document format, which includes the submission of detailed information about the manufacturing and quality of the product, and nonclinical testing and clinical trials, to inform the benefit-risk assessment. The centralized procedure results in marketing authorizations that are valid throughout the EU and, by extension (after national implementing decisions), in Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, which, together with the EU Member States, comprise the EEA. Applicants submit MAAs to the EMA, where they are reviewed by relevant scientific committees, including the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”). The EMA forwards the CHMP opinion to the EC, which adopts a decision granting or refusing a marketing authorization. The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicinal products that (1) are developed by biotechnology processes, (2) are an advanced therapy medicinal product (i.e., gene therapy, somatic cell therapy or tissue-engineered medicines), (3) contain a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders, viral diseases or autoimmune diseases and other immune dysfunctions or (4) are orphan medicinal products. For medicines that do not fall within these categories, an applicant may voluntarily submit an application for a centralized marketing authorization to the EMA, provided that the medicine concerned contains a new active substance and the CHMP agrees that (i) the medicine is a significant therapeutic, scientific, or technical innovation, or (ii) the authorization of the medicine under the centralized procedure would be in the interest of public health at the EU level. For those medicinal products for which the centralized procedure is not available, the applicant must submit MAAs to the national competent authorities of the EU Member States through one of three procedures: (1) a national procedure, which results in a marketing authorization in a single EU Member State; (2) the decentralized procedure, in which applications are submitted simultaneously in two or more EU Member States and a reference Member State is appointed to lead the scientific assessment; or (3) the mutual recognition procedure, which is used when the product has already been nationally authorized in at least one EU Member State (the reference Member State), and the marketing authorization holder seeks recognition of that authorization for the same product in at least one other EU Member State (concerned Member States). A concerned Member State may refuse to recognize the assessment of the reference Member State in the decentralized procedure or the mutual recognition procedure on grounds of potential serious risk to public health. Under the centralized procedure in the EU, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA is 210 days. However, this timeline excludes clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP, so the overall process typically may take a year or more. Accelerated assessment may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of major interest for public health and therapeutic innovation. In this circumstance, the EMA ensures that the opinion of the CHMP is given within 150 days, excluding clock stops. Data Exclusivity MAAs for generic medicinal products do not need to include the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials but instead can refer to such data included in the marketing authorization of a reference product for which regulatory data exclusivity has expired. Where a marketing authorization is granted for a medicinal product containing a new active substance, that product benefits from eight years of data exclusivity, during which generic MAAs referring to the data of that product will not be accepted by the regulatory authorities, and a further two years of marketing protection, during which such generic products, even if approved, may not be placed on the market until the full 10-year protection period has expired. The 10-year protection period may be extended to 11 years if, during the first eight years of the product’s authorization, one or more new therapeutic indications with significant clinical benefit over existing therapies are approved. There is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product, for example, because of differences in raw materials or manufacturing processes. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical studies or clinical trials must be provided, and guidelines from the EMA detail the type of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product. 41 Table of Contents Orphan Designation In the EU, an orphan medicinal product designation may be granted, following recommendation by the EMA’s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (“COMP”), for products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU. Additionally, designation may be granted for products intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the product in the EU would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the medicinal product. The COMP may only recommend orphan designation when the product in question offers a significant clinical benefit over existing approved products for the relevant indication or where no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition exists. Following a positive opinion by the COMP, the EC adopts a decision granting orphan status. The COMP will reassess orphan status in parallel with EMA review of an MAA, and orphan status may be withdrawn at that stage if the product no longer fulfills the orphan criteria. Orphan designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers, and 10 years of market exclusivity is granted following marketing authorization. During this period, the EU competent authorities may not accept or approve a marketing authorization application for a similar medicinal product, meaning a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product and which is intended for the same approved therapeutic indication, unless: (i) the second medicinal product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the authorized orphan product; (ii) the marketing authorization holder for the authorized product consents to a second application; or (iii) the marketing authorization holder for the authorized product cannot supply enough orphan product. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of orphan designation. PRIME Designation The PRIority MEdicines (“PRIME”), scheme is intended to encourage product development in areas of unmet medical need and provides accelerated assessment of products representing substantial innovation reviewed under the centralized procedure. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need (there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicine will bring a major therapeutic advantage) and they must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Products from small- and medium-sized enterprises may qualify for earlier entry into the PRIME scheme than larger companies. Many benefits accrue to sponsors of therapeutic candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. Importantly, a dedicated EMA contact and rapporteur from the CHMP are appointed early in the PRIME scheme facilitating increased understanding of the product at the EMA’s Committee level. A kick-off meeting initiates these relationships and includes a team of multidisciplinary experts at the EMA to provide guidance on the overall development and regulatory strategies. Where, during the course of development, a medicine no longer meets the eligibility criteria, support under the PRIME scheme may be withdrawn. Post-Approval Controls The holder of a marketing authorization must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports (“PSURs”). All new MAAs must include a risk management plan describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures that will be taken to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the marketing authorization. Such risk-minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved summary of product characteristics, and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited in the EU. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicines is also prohibited in the EU. Although general requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products are established under EU directives, the details are governed by national law in each Member State and may differ between Member States. 42 Table of Contents Manufacturing Medicinal products may only be manufactured in the EU, or imported into the EU from another country, by the holder of a manufacturing authorization from the competent national authority. The manufacturer or importer must have a qualified person who is responsible for certifying that each batch of product has been manufactured in accordance with EU standards of cGMP before releasing the product for commercial distribution in the EU or for use in a clinical trial. Manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the competent authorities for compliance with cGMP. Testing and certification on importation is exempted where there exists a Mutual Recognition Agreement between the exporting country and the EU. Pricing and Reimbursement Governments influence the price of medicinal products in the EU through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some EU Member States operate positive or negative list systems under which reimbursed products may only be placed on the market once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other EU Member States allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines, has become intense. In addition to an assessment of cost-effectiveness, the national health systems may consider whether market access is affordable. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. Reform of the Regulatory Framework in the EU The EC introduced legislative proposals in April 2023 that, if implemented, will replace the current regulatory framework in the EU for all medicines (including those for rare diseases and for children). In April 2024, the European Parliament adopted its position on the legislative proposals, and in June 2025, the Council of the European Union adopted its position. A common position on the text was agreed upon in December 2025, in the context of subsequent inter-institutional trilogue negotiations. The proposed revisions remain to be adopted and are not expected to become applicable before 2028. The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the UK Following the end of the Brexit transition period on January 1, 2021 and the implementation of the Windsor Framework on January 1, 2025, the UK is not generally subject to EU laws in respect of medicines. EU laws that were transposed into UK law through secondary legislation continue to apply in the UK as retained EU law (as amended), but new EU legislation, such as the Clinical Trials Regulation, does not apply in the UK. Since January 1, 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”) has been the UK’s standalone medicines and medical devices regulator . Under the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021, the Secretary of State or an “appropriate authority” has delegated powers to amend or supplement existing regulations in the area of medicinal products and medical devices. This allows new rules to be introduced in the future by way of secondary legislation, which aims to allow flexibility in addressing regulatory gaps and future changes in the fields of human medicines, clinical trials and medical devices. The UK regulatory framework in relation to clinical trials is governed by the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, as amended, which is derived from the EU Clinical Trial Directive, as implemented into UK national law through secondary legislation. In April 2025, the UK introduced the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) (Amendment) Regulations 2025. These changes, which will take full effect from April 2026, aim to create a streamlined, risk-proportionate system that accelerates approvals while maintaining robust safety standards. Marketing authorizations in the UK are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916), as amended. All existing EU marketing authorizations for centrally authorized products were automatically converted or grandfathered into UK marketing authorizations, effective in Great Britain only, on January 1, 2021, unless the marketing authorization holder chose to opt-out. Under the terms of the Windsor Framework, these licenses became valid for the whole of the UK from January 1, 2025. In order to use the centralized procedure to obtain a marketing authorization that will be valid throughout the EEA, companies must be established in the EEA. Therefore, after Brexit, companies established in the UK can no longer use the EU centralized procedure and instead an EEA entity must hold any centralized marketing authorizations. In order to obtain a UK marketing authorization to commercialize products in the UK, an applicant must be established in the UK and must follow one of the UK national authorization procedures or one of the remaining post-Brexit international cooperation procedures. 43 Table of Contents In the UK, the initial duration of a marketing authorization is five years and, following renewal, it will be valid for an unlimited period unless the MHRA decides on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance to proceed with only one additional five-year renewal. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicine on the market in the UK within three years shall cease to be in force. EU and UK Data Protection Laws In the EU, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) governs the processing of personal data. The GDPR imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the GDPR, including requirements to have legal basis for processing certain personal data relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including to the U.S., providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal data, implementing safeguards to keep personal data secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal data in countries not deemed adequate by the EU and the UK, responding to individuals’ requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates where there is no other legal basis for processing, reporting security and privacy breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments, and record-keeping. The GDPR includes substantial penalties to which we could become subject in the event of any non-compliance, including fines of up to €20,000,000 or 4% of total annual global revenue, whichever is greater. In addition, the UK’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR. The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the UK’s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU’s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to £17.5 million or 4% of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. We are required to implement certain safeguards detailed in these regulations when conducting restricted data transfers under the EU and UK GDPR and regulators retain authority to further restrict or prohibit transfers to certain countries where applicable laws would undermine the privacy safeguards provided by the GDPR. PRC Regulation Our China operations are conducted by our Chinese subsidiaries owned by BeOne Medicines (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries. We are subject to a variety of PRC laws, rules and regulations affecting many aspects of our business. As a result of our operations in China, the Chinese regulatory authorities have significant influence over our conduct of business and may influence our operations as they deem appropriate to further economic, regulatory, political and societal goals. This section summarizes the principal PRC laws, rules and regulations that we believe are relevant to our business and operations. For a detailed description of risks related to our doing business in China, please refer to “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies. The core raw materials used in

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners may require us to fund capital improvements to support scale-up of manufacturing and related activities to the extent our drug candidates or medicines become approved for commercial sale. For example, in March 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S. Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact development of our drug candidates or commercialization of our medicines. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our medicines and drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our company until deficiencies are remedied. Currently, the

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials to meet the commercial, clinical, and preclinical needs of our medicines and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that the production qualifications, facilities, and processes of the third-party suppliers engaged by us comply with relevant regulatory requirements and our internal quality and operational guidelines. We select our third-party suppliers carefully by considering a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production capacity, geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules, and business terms. With our internal manufacturing capabilities and continued partnership with global contract manufacturers, we continue to diversify our global supply network and, supported by our established strategy to maintain sufficient safety stock of our products, do not anticipate any disruptions to supply. We have commercial supply and related agreements with our manufacturing service providers. An ex-China active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”) source was approved by both FDA and EMA in 2025. For our commercial and clinical stage products in-licensed from Amgen and others, we rely on the licensors and their manufacturing facilities or their CMOs for the supply of those medicines and drug candidates. Our agreements with the outsourced suppliers engaged by us generally set out terms, including product quality or service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection and acceptance criteria. Our outsourced suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Either party may terminate the agreements by serving notice to the other party under certain circumstances. We generally obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from various suppliers who we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities include APIs custom-made by our third-party CMOs and excipients, which are commercially available from well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies. The core raw materials used in manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility are genetically modified cell lines that we have co-developed and licensed from Boehringer Ingelheim and other third parties. We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term, dedicated capacity or minimum supply arrangements. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for any defects in our finished products. Amgen Collaboration Collaboration Agreement On October 31, 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeOne Medicines I GmbH, entered into a Collaboration Agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (as amended, the “Amgen Collaboration Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA ® , BLINCYTO ® and KYPROLIS ® in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) (“Collaboration Territory”), with the commercialization period for XGEVA ® commencing following the transition of operational responsibilities for the product. The parties have agreed to equally share profits and losses for the products in the Collaboration Territory during each product’s commercialization period. We entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement in November 2025 to extend our commercialization rights to these products in the Collaboration Territory for so long as each product is sold in the Collaboration Territory following each product’s regulatory approval in the Collaboration Territory. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to collaborate on the global clinical development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeOne contributing up to $1.25 billion worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of the Collaboration Territory on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world. 24 Table of Contents For each pipeline product that is approved in the Collaboration Territory, we will have the right to commercialize the product for seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in the Collaboration Territory equally. After the expiration of the seven-year commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in the Collaboration Territory for an additional five years. The parties are subject to specified exclusivity requirements in the Collaboration Territory and the rest of the world. For more information regarding our rights to royalties from sales of IMDELLTRA ® , please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Recent Business Developments—Royalty Purchase Agreement.” In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for us. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i) stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the termination of AMG 510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. BeOne Medicines Ltd. has guaranteed certain obligations of BeOne Medicines I GmbH under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement pursuant to the terms of a separate Guarantee Agreement. The Amgen Collaboration Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties. The agreement will continue in effect on a product-by-product basis unless terminated by either party pursuant to its terms. The agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties, or by either party upon the other party’s uncured material breach, insolvency, failure to comply with specified compliance provisions, or subject to a specified negotiation mechanism, certain adverse economic impacts or the failure to meet commercial objectives. In addition, Amgen may terminate the agreement with respect to a pipeline product in the event it suspends development of such pipeline product on specified terms, subject to the parties determining whether to continue development of the pipeline product in the Collaboration Territory. Share Purchase Agreement In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeOne Medicines Ltd. and Amgen (as amended, the “Share Purchase Agreement”), we issued to Amgen 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of the Company on January 2, 2020, representing approximately 20.5% of our then outstanding shares, for an aggregate purchase price of $2.78 billion, or $13.45 per ordinary share, or $174.85 per ADS. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen agreed to (i) a lock-up on sales of its shares until the earliest of (a) the fourth anniversary of the closing, (b) the expiration or termination of the Collaboration Agreement and (c) a change of control of BeOne Medicines Ltd., (ii) a standstill until the date on which it holds less than 5% of our then outstanding shares, and (iii) a voting agreement to vote its shares on certain matters presented for shareholder approval until the later of (a) the fifth anniversary of the closing and (b) the expiration of the standstill period, all under specified circumstances and as set forth in the agreement. Following the later of (i) the expiration of the lock-up period and (ii) the expiration of the standstill period, Amgen has agreed not to sell shares representing more than 5% of our then outstanding shares in any rolling 12-month period. The lock-up has since expired and under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen now has specified registration rights. Additionally, we have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to provide Amgen with an opportunity to participate in subsequent new securities offerings upon the same terms and conditions as other purchasers in the offering in an amount needed to allow Amgen to hold up to 20.6% of our shares, subject to applicable law and HKEx rules and other specified conditions. On March 17, 2020, BeOne Medicines Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to the Share Purchase Agreement in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which agreement was restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment, Amgen had an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option was exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date was less than 20.4%. The Direct Purchase Option (i) was exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by us under our equity incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) was subject to annual approval by our independent shareholders each year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option commenced on December 1, 2020 and terminated on December 1, 2023. 25 Table of Contents On January 30, 2023, BeOne Medicines Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 3 to the Share Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which Amgen elected to relinquish its right to appoint a designated director to the Company’s board of directors on account of the Company’s global growth. The Company has retained Anthony C. Hooper, who was Amgen’s director designee on the Company’s board of directors until Amgen relinquished its right to appoint a designated director. Mr. Hooper was most recently re-elected by shareholders in 2025. Intellectual Property The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our medicines, drug candidates, and their methods of use are an important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below. We have filed patent applications and obtained patents in the U.S. and other countries and regions, such as Europe, Japan and China, relating to our medicines and certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional patent protection for them and for our other drug candidates and technologies. We sometimes rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection, including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and support our development programs. Additionally, in various markets, a period of regulatory exclusivity may be provided for drugs upon approval. The scope and term of such regulatory exclusivity will vary but, in general, the period will run concurrently with the term of any existing patent rights associated with the drug at the time of approval. As of February 13, 2026, we owned 68 issued U.S. patents, 16 issued European patents, 34 issued Japanese patents, 72 issued China patents, a number of pending patent applications in the U.S., Europe, Japan and China, and corresponding issued patents and pending patent applications internationally. The key patents for our medicines and late-stage clinical drug candidates as of February 13, 2026, are summarized below: Molecule Territory General Subject Matter Expiration 1 BRUKINSA ® (zanubrutinib) U.S. Composition of matter 2034 U.S. Crystalline forms 2037 U.S. Method of treatment 2037 U.S. Combination use 2039 U.S. Method of treatment 2043 U.S. Formulation 2040 Europe Composition of matter 2034 2 Europe Combination use 2037 3 Europe Crystalline form 2037 Japan Composition of matter 2034 4 Japan Crystalline forms 2037 4 China Composition of matter 2034 5 China Crystalline forms 2037 China Combination use 2037 TEVIMBRA ® (tislelizumab) U.S. Composition of matter 2033 6 U.S. Method of treatment 2039 Europe Composition of matter 2033 7 Japan Composition of matter 2033 China Composition of matter 2033 8 PARTRUVIX ® (pamiparib) China Composition of matter 2031 Sonrotoclax U.S. Composition of matter 2039 Europe Composition of matter 2039 Japan Composition of matter 2039 China Composition of matter 2039 1. Unless otherwise indicated, the expected expiration does not include any potential additional term for patent term extension (“PTE”), supplemental protection certificate (“SPC”) or pediatric exclusivity. 26 Table of Contents 2. SPCs have been filed in various European countries and have been granted at least in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK, extending the original patent term in those countries to 2036. 3. This patent is the subject of a pending opposition proceeding at the European Patent Office (EPO). 4. Three PTE applications have been filed in Japan. 5. An application for PTE has been filed in China. 6. An application for PTE has been filed and if granted, will extend the original patent term to 2038. 7. SPCs have been pending or have been granted in various European countries, extending the original patent term in those countries, where granted, to 2038. 8. Multiple PTE applications have been filed in China. Under our license and collaboration agreement with Zymeworks Inc. (“Zymeworks”), we have the right to develop and commercialize ZIIHERA ® in certain Asian pacific countries. The key patents for it in China as of February 13, 2026 are summarized below: Product Territory General Subject Matter Expiration ZIIHERA ® China Composition of matter 2031 China Composition of matter 2032 China Composition of matter 2034 China Method of use 2039 Under our collaboration with Amgen, we have the right to commercialize three medicines in China. The key patents for them in China as of February 13, 2026 are summarized below: Product Territory General Subject Matter Expiration BLINCYTO ® (blinatumomab) China Method of use 2029 China Combination use 2031 We have one in-licensed medicine in China from Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Luye”). The key patent for it in China as of February 13, 2026 is summarized below: Product Territory General Subject Matter Expiration BAITUOWEI ® (goserelin microsphere) China Formulation 2034 Under our license and collaboration agreement with Zymeworks, Zymeworks retains the responsibility, but is not obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed product. Under our license agreement with Amgen, Amgen retains the responsibility, but is not obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed products. Under our license agreement with Luye, Luye retains the responsibility, but is not obligated, to prosecute the in-licensed patents for the corresponding in-licensed product, and we retain the responsibility, but are not obligated, to defend and enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed product. In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country-by-country basis and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. Competition We operate in a highly competitive global landscape, with our marketed products facing strong competition in regulated markets worldwide. Our primary competitors include a diverse array of entities, from leading global research-based biopharmaceutical companies to agile regional and local firms. These competitors are actively engaged in the development, production, and marketing of therapeutic products aimed at treating diseases similar to those in our current portfolio or pipeline. This global competition underscores the breadth and depth of our industry, requiring us to maintain a robust and agile approach to R&D and excel in the commercialization of our innovative medicines across international markets. 27 Table of Contents The following table lists our key competitors for our principal products by competitor, product and territory, though it is not exhaustive. Product Competitor Competitor-marketed product Territory BRUKINSA AbbVie & Janssen IMBRUVICA U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China AstraZeneca CALQUENCE U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China Eli Lilly JAYPIRCA U.S., Europe, China & Japan Innocare YINUOKAI China, Singapore TEVIMBRA Merck KEYTRUDA U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China Bristol Myers Squibb OPDIVO U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China AstraZeneca IMFINZI U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China Roche TECENTRIQ U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China Merck KGaA BAVENCIO U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China Regeneron & Sanofi LIBTAYO U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China GSK JEMPERLI U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China Junshi LOQTORZI U.S., Europe, China & Middle Eastern Henlius HANSIZHUANG U.S., Europe, India, Peru & China Various Chinese companies 20+ products including PD-1/L1, IO BsAb China Sonrotoclax AbbVie & Roche VENCLEXTA China Ascentage Pharma Lisaftoclax China In addition, we have several promising candidates in the pivotal development stage, including BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted CDAC. These products are in various stages of clinical trials conducted globally and show potential in addressing unmet medical needs. The following table lists our key competitors for our late-stage pipeline products by competitor, asset, latest development stage, and clinical trial territory, although it is not exhaustive. Asset Competitor Competitor-asset Latest development stage Territory Sonrotoclax Ascentage Pharma Lisaftoclax Phase 3 Global Innocare Mesutoclax Pivotal Phase 2/3 China Phase 1 U.S. & Europe BGB-16673 Nurix Therapeutics NX-5948 Pivotal Phase 2 Global Furthermore, we are advancing several promising candidates through pivotal programs, including ADCs, multispecific antibodies, and targeted therapies for lung, breast, and gastrointestinal cancers. Our candidates are well-positioned in the market to offer first-in-class and/or best-in-class profiles, particularly in addressing the limitations of existing treatments and offering new alternatives to patients. Many of the larger companies we compete with are well-capitalized and dedicate a significant number of financial resources to support their research and development, while using business development to supplement their internal pipelines as well as investing heavily in commercialization capabilities. As a result, we must continuously invest and gain experience in the development, acquisition, and marketing of innovative and branded medicines and drug candidates to compete effectively in both current and future markets. This requires us to devote substantial funds and resources to develop and generate evidence that prevents the erosion of existing products and delivers revenue from the next waves of innovation. The main forms of competition include efficacy, safety, and cost. The long-term success of our products depends on our ability to effectively demonstrate the value to physicians, patients, and third-party payers. This requires a much greater use of a direct sales force and promotion to realize significant revenues. We also have, and will continue to enter into, co-promotion, contract sales force or other such arrangements with third parties, for example, where our own direct sales force is not large enough or sufficiently well-aligned to achieve maximum market penetration. Furthermore, robust compliance approaches, science-based promotion model, and integrated management will also be competitive advantages in the industry in the long run, in which we invest significant effort to establish and grow. 28 Table of Contents Government Regulation Government authorities in the U.S., Europe, China and other jurisdictions extensively regulate the research and clinical development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing, and export and import of drugs like those we are developing and commercializing. Some jurisdictions also regulate drug pricing. Generally, for a new drug to be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific to each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. U.S. Regulation U.S. Government Regulation and Product Approval In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”), and its implementing regulations, and biologics under the FDCA, its implementing regulations, and the Public Health Service Act (“PHSA”), and its implementing regulations. U.S. Drug and Biologics Product Development The process required by the FDA before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following: • completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies according to Good Laboratory Practices (“GLP”) guidance; • completion of extensive chemistry, manufacturing, and control (“CMC”) studies; • submission to the FDA of an IND application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to Good Clinical Practice (“GCP”), to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug or safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic, for the intended use; • preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA for a small molecule drug or a BLA for a biologic; • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to file the application for review; • satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with cGMP; • review of the product candidate by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate and if applicable; • payment of user fees for FDA review of the NDA or BLA (unless a fee waiver applies); • FDA inspection of some clinical trial sites to ensure compliance with GCPs; • FDA Sponsor/Monitor inspections; • FDA review and approval of the NDA or licensing of the BLA and labeling; and • Alignment on post-marketing requirements/commitments (if applicable). Preclinical Studies and Clinical Trials Once a product candidate is identified for development, it enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity, formulation and stability, as well as in vitro and animal studies. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLP. The results of preclinical testing, along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol are reviewed by the FDA as part of an IND. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions related to the proposed clinical trial and places the trial on a full clinical hold. The FDA may also impose full or partial clinical holds at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or noncompliance and may be imposed on all products within a certain class of products. 29 Table of Contents All clinical trials must be conducted under the supervision of one or more qualified investigators in accordance with GCP regulations. Further, an institutional review board (“IRB”) must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at any institution, and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. An IRB considers, among other things, whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trial are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. Some trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization as to whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access that only the group maintains to available data from the trial and may recommend halting the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. Each new clinical protocol and amendments that significantly affect the safety of subjects, the scope of the investigation, or the scientific quality of the protocol must be filed with the FDA as an IND protocol amendment and submitted to the IRBs for approval. A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the U.S. may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of an NDA or BLA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical study not conducted under an IND if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: • Phase 1. The product is initially introduced into a small number of healthy human subjects or patients and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product is suspected or known to be unavoidably toxic, the initial human testing may be conducted in patients with the target disease or condition. • Phase 2. Involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage and schedule. • Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population. These clinical trials are intended to evaluate the overall risk/benefit relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and are commonly intended to generate additional data regarding use of the product in a clinical setting. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted annually (or possibly twice annually) to the FDA and safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected AEs, any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator’s brochure, or any findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the product. The FDA, IRB, or the sponsor may suspend or terminate, or a data safety monitoring board may recommend the suspension or termination of, a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. U.S. Review and Approval Processes The results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the CMC, analytical tests conducted on the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA for a new small molecule drug or a BLA for a biologic, requesting approval to market the product. 30 Table of Contents The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA or BLA for filing. In this event, the NDA or BLA must be re-submitted with the additional information and the re-submitted application is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use, and a BLA to determine whether the biologic is safe, pure, and potent for its intended use. The FDA also evaluates whether the product’s manufacturing is cGMP-compliant to assure the product’s identity, strength, quality and purity. Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is or will be manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities comply with cGMP requirements and adequate to ensure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCP and other requirements and the integrity of the clinical data submitted to the FDA as well as conduct a Sponsor/Monitor Inspection. The approval process can be lengthy and difficult, and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA or BLA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional data and information which could potentially delay the FDA Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive, and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. The FDA will issue a complete response letter if the agency decides not to approve the NDA or BLA in its present form. The complete response letter describes the specific deficiencies identified in the NDA or BLA that must be satisfactorily addressed before it can be approved. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, withdraw the application or request an opportunity for a hearing. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, to further assess a product’s safety and effectiveness, or may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products. The FDA may also approve an NDA or BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Regulation of Combination Products in the U.S. Certain products may be comprised of components that would normally be regulated under different types of regulatory authorities in certain jurisdictions, and in the U.S. by different centers at the FDA. These products are known as combination products. Under the FDCA, the FDA is charged with assigning a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, for review of a combination product. That determination is based on the “primary mode of action” of the combination product. We are developing combination products using our own drug candidates and third-party drugs. Regulation of Companion Diagnostics in the U.S. If safe and effective use of a therapeutic depends on an in vitro diagnostic, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. For novel drugs, a companion diagnostic device and its corresponding therapeutic should be approved or cleared contemporaneously by the FDA for the use indicated in the therapeutic product’s labeling. Once cleared or approved, the companion diagnostic must adhere to post-marketing requirements including the requirements of FDA’s quality system regulation, medical device reporting, recalls and corrections along with product marketing requirements and limitations. Companion diagnostic manufacturers are subject to unannounced FDA inspections at any time during which the FDA will conduct an audit of the product(s) and the company’s facilities for compliance with its authorities. Expedited Programs The FDA may employ one of several tools to expedite the development and review of a medicine, including fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review designation and accelerated approval. Fast track designation is designed to facilitate the development and review of a medicine that treats a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and fills an unmet medical need. Breakthrough therapy designation is intended to expedite the development and review of a medicine that treats a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates substantial improvement over existing therapies. Priority review designation means the FDA’s goal is to take action on an application within six months of filing. The FDA may grant priority review designation to a medicine that would provide significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of a treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition. 31 Table of Contents A product may also be eligible for accelerated approval if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a meaningful therapeutic benefit over available therapies. In addition, such product must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality (“IMM”) that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. A product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. If the FDA concludes that a drug or biologic shown to be effective can be safely used only if distribution or use is restricted, it will require such post-marketing restrictions, as it deems necessary to ensure safe use of the product. Under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 (“FDORA”), the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. Additionally, under FDORA, the FDA has increased authority for expedited procedures to withdraw its accelerated approval for such drug or biologic if, for example, the confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. Under FDORA, the FDA is empowered to take action, such as issuing fines, against companies that fail to conduct any post-approval confirmatory study with due diligence or to submit timely reports to the agency on their progress. It is important to note that per the FDA requirements, unless otherwise informed by the FDA, all promotional materials to be used need to be submitted 120 days prior to approval. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or that the time period for FDA review or approval may not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, priority review, accelerated approval, and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval. Pediatric Information Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, all marketing applications for new active ingredients, indications, dosage forms, dosing regimens or routes of administration must contain an assessment of the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indication in pediatric patients unless this requirement is waived, deferred or inapplicable. For oncology products, PREA requirements are further modified by the Research to Accelerate Cures and Equity (“RACE”) for Children Act of 2017, enacted as part of the FDA Reauthorization Act (“FDARA”), which removed the exemption for orphan-designated oncology indications. Under RACE, unless waived or deferred, pediatric assessments are required if the molecular target of the product is substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer, regardless of whether the adult indication has orphan designation or does not occur in the pediatric population. These requirements apply to applicable original NDAs and BLAs submitted on or after August 18, 2020. Under the Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, a product may be eligible for pediatric exclusivity, which adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued written request for such a study. Post-Approval Requirements Any products for which we receive FDA approval are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, complying with certain electronic records and signature requirements and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements. The FDA strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion and other types of information on products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. Further, manufacturers must continue to comply with cGMP requirements, which are extensive and require considerable time, resources and ongoing investment to ensure compliance. In addition, certain types of changes to the manufacturing process generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. 32 Table of Contents Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacturing and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. The cGMP requirements apply to all stages of the manufacturing process, including the production, processing, sterilization, packaging, labeling, storage and shipment of the product. Manufacturers must establish validated systems to ensure that products meet specifications and regulatory requirements and test each product batch or lot prior to its release. Additionally, manufacturers and other parties involved in the drug supply chain for prescription drug products must also comply with product tracking and tracing requirements and notify the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the U.S. The FDA may withdraw a product approval, revoke a biologics license or implement restrictions on such product if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Further, the failure to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements may result in administrative or judicial actions, such as fines, untitled or warning letters, holds on clinical trials, product seizures, product detention or refusal to permit the import or export of products, refusal to approve pending applications or supplements, restrictions on marketing or manufacturing, injunctions or civil or criminal penalties. We may undertake or be required to undertake a product recall. Patent Term Restoration and Regulatory Exclusivity In certain circumstances, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, if available, we intend to apply for restorations of patent term for some of our patents beyond their current expiration dates, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA or BLA; however, there can be no assurance that any such extension will be granted to us. Data exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent data exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated NDA (“ANDA”) or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, such an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of data exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. Regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. can also include pediatric exclusivity and orphan drug exclusivity. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, provides an additional six months of exclusivity for all formulations, dosage forms, and indications of the active moiety and, for drugs, patent terms. This exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial, provided that at the time pediatric exclusivity is granted there is not less than nine months of term remaining. Orphan drug exclusivity is described below under “Orphan Drugs.” 33 Table of Contents Biosimilars and Exclusivity The PHSA includes an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. A reference biologic is granted 12 years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product. The FDA may approve multiple “first” interchangeable products so long as they are all approved on the same first day of marketing. This exclusivity period, which may be shared amongst multiple first interchangeable products, lasts for the lesser of (i) one year after the first commercial marketing, (ii) 18 months after approval if there is no legal challenge, (iii) 18 months after the resolution in the applicant’s favor of a lawsuit challenging the biologic’s patents if an application has been submitted, or (iv) 42 months after the application has been approved if a lawsuit is ongoing within the 42-month period. Orphan Drugs Orphan drugs are defined by the FDA as products intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects less than 200,000 persons in the U.S. or that affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that costs of research and development of the product for the indication can be recovered by sales of the product in the U.S. A company must request orphan drug designation prior to filing and, if granted, the FDA will not approve another sponsor’s marketing application for the same drug for the same indication for seven years. Orphan drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another medicine for the same indication if it is shown to be clinically superior. Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including drugs and biologics, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information, which is publicly available at www.clinicaltrials.gov. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Although sponsors are obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion, disclosure of the results can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Failure to timely register a covered clinical study or to submit study results as provided for in the law can give rise to public notification of noncompliance, civil monetary penalties and also prevent the non-compliant party from receiving future grant funds from the federal government. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing, and Reimbursement In the U.S. and in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, including government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. Patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs and no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. Additionally, the process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Moreover, a payor’s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 34 Table of Contents Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. In order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of any products, in addition to the costs required to obtain regulatory approvals. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective or medically-necessary compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. In some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Healthcare Reform The U.S. government and state legislatures have implemented cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid health care costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. Such adoption of government controls and tightening of restrictive policies could limit payments for pharmaceuticals. For example, the Affordable Care Act (the “ACA”) contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products, including increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of sales to federal health care programs. Some of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be fully implemented, while certain provisions have been subject to judicial, Congressional, and Executive challenges. As a result, it is unclear how such efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA will impact our business. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted. For example, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 amended the ACA by increasing the point-of-sale discount that is owed by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D from 50% to 70% and closing the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans. In addition, the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 led to aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year that will remain in effect through 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Further, the American Taxpayer Relief Act reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 eliminated the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, set at 100% of a drug’s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. These laws and regulations may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. 35 Table of Contents The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) was enacted containing provisions that reduce the out-of-pocket spending cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries from $7,050 to $2,000 starting in 2025, thereby effectively eliminating the coverage gap; impose new manufacturer financial liability on certain drugs under Medicare Part D; allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D price caps for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition; require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for certain drug prices that increase faster than inflation; and delay until January 1, 2032 the implementation of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) rebate rule that would have limited the fees that pharmacy benefit managers can charge. Under the IRA, an orphan drug is exempt from the Medicare drug price negotiation program only if it has a single orphan designation and its sole approved indication is for that disease or condition. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025 (“OBBBA”) removes this limitation. Beginning with the 2028 initial price applicability year, all orphan drugs—regardless of the number of orphan designations or approved indications—are exempt from the Medicare drug price negotiation program. However, an orphan drug loses this exemption once it receives approval for any non-orphan indication, at which point it becomes eligible for selection for Medicare drug price negotiation. The implementation of the IRA is currently subject to ongoing litigation challenging the constitutionality of the IRA’s Medicare drug price negotiation program. The effects of the IRA on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known. Although certain provisions of the IRA remain subject of ongoing litigation, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has started implementing key components of the law, including inflation-based rebates and the Medicare drug price negotiation program, and these provisions are expected to have an impact on our business and the healthcare industry in general. On November 6, 2025, CMS announced a new drug payment model designed to make Most Favored Nation (“MFN”)-level prices available to state Medicaid programs via manufacturer rebates. Referred to as the “GENErating cost Reductions fOr U.S. Medicaid Model” (“GENEROUS”), the initiative is designed to run from 2026 through 2030 and is voluntary for both manufacturers and state Medicaid programs. Under the model, participating states will be able to access MFN-level prices for participating manufacturers’ drugs through CMS-negotiated supplemental rebates tied to an MFN net price benchmark. On December 19, 2025, CMS proposed a mandatory Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (“CMMI”) drug payment model to test whether alternative methods for calculating Medicare rebates, based on international pricing metrics rather than inflation-based metrics, reduce costs for Medicare fee-for-service (“FFS”) beneficiaries and the Medicare program while preserving quality of care. The Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (“GUARD”) Model, would test an alternative approach to calculating rebates for certain Medicare Part D products using international pricing benchmarks.  The GUARD Model would begin on January 1, 2027, and run through December 31, 2033. Further, on December 19, 2025, CMS proposed the Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing Model (“GLOBE”) for Medicare Part B, would require manufacturers of specified single source drugs and sole source biologics to pay incremental rebates based on international benchmark prices, with participation triggered for products meeting CMS’s spending and eligibility criteria. As proposed, GLOBE would begin a five-year performance period on October 1, 2026. CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. CMS also published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs. Further, CMS issued the CY 2026 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule final rule, effective January 1, 2026, which, among other things, restricts whether certain fees should be considered bona fide service fees, increases bona fide service fee documentation requirements, defines “bundled arrangement,” requires “unbundling” of both contingent and non-contingent discounts and includes sales of Part B units at the Maximum Fair Price in average sales price calculations. These changes may reduce reimbursement for Medicare Part B utilization and require manufacturers to comply with new, complex and potentially uncertain reporting obligations and drug pricing documentation practices. There has also been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. In addition, there have been several changes to the 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications sold to certain health care facilities. In November 2023, the U.S. District Court of South Carolina issued an opinion in Genesis Healthcare Inc. v. Becerra et al. that may lead to an expansion of the scope of patients eligible to access prescriptions at 340B pricing. In December 2025, the U.S. District Court of Maine issued a preliminary injunction blocking HHS from implementing the 340B rebate model pilot program, and HHS subsequently agreed to vacate the existing program so it could consider whether to proceed with a new administrative process for such a program. 36 Table of Contents At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. While much of the focus of state pricing policies is limited to Medicaid, we cannot assess the impact that these and other measures such as state transparency policies will have on our business. Additionally, certain states are also pursuing cost containment efforts through Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (“PDABs”) and similar entities. While many PDABs have been granted authority to promote drug price transparency and reporting, some states have granted PDABs more expansive authority, including to set Upper Payment Limits (UPLs) on select, high price drugs. The adoption and implementation of UPLs may put downward pressure on drug prices and impact our company’s future revenues. Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements We are subject to various federal and state laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. These laws may impact, among other things, our sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy, cybersecurity, trade, and national security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business prior to and after receiving regulatory approval of our product candidates. Some of the laws that may affect our ability to operate are detailed below: • The federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute (“AKS”), which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, providing, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation or arrangement of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are several statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, they are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the AKS without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. Violations of the AKS carry potentially significant civil fines and criminal penalties, including imprisonment, fines, administrative federal civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. This law applies to our marketing practices, educational programs, pricing policies and relationships with healthcare providers. We continue to evaluate what effect, if any, these rules will have on our business. • The federal civil and criminal false claims and civil monetary penalty laws, such as the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), which impose criminal and civil penalties and authorize civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for, among other things: knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false, fictitious or fraudulent; knowingly making or causing a false statement or record material to a false or fraudulent claim or obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. The government may deem manufacturers to have “caused” the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. Companies that submit claims directly to payors may also be liable under the FCA for the direct submission of such claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a “whistleblower” to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery. When an entity is determined to have violated the FCA, the government may impose civil fines and penalties for each false claim, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. Our marketing and activities relating to the reporting of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, the reporting of prices used to calculate Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state and third-party reimbursement for our products, and the sale and marketing of our products and any future product candidates are subject to scrutiny under this law. 37 Table of Contents • The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal AKS, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. • As further amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“HITECH”), HIPAA and their respective implementing regulations impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates who perform services for them that involve the creation, maintenance, receipt, use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, made civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA laws and seek attorneys’ fees and costs. In addition, there may be other federal, state and non-U.S. laws which govern the privacy and security of health and other personal information and which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. • The federal transparency requirements under the ACA, including the provision commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians, certain other licensed health care practitioners and teaching hospitals. Manufacturers are also required to disclose ownership and investment interest held by physicians and their immediate family members. • Federal price reporting laws, which require manufacturers to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs. • Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. • The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making, or offering or promising to make, improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or otherwise seeking favorable treatment. • Executive Order 14117 on Preventing Access to Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal Data and United States Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern prohibits transactions involving certain sensitive personal data categories, including health data, genetic data, and biospecimens, to countries of concern, including China. The regulations also restrict investment agreements, employment agreements and vendor agreements involving such data and countries of concern. Actual or alleged violations of these regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, and may result in exclusion from participation in federal and state programs. Similarly, state privacy laws may be broader and require greater protections than HIPAA. These data privacy and security laws may differ from each other and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, certain states have passed privacy laws that grant consumers rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. Several states have passed laws specifically regulating consumer health data, which impose detailed consent requirements for uses and disclosures of such data. These laws provide for civil penalties for violations, and key concepts in such laws have not yet been tested, leading to significant uncertainty concerning the application of such laws to our practices. In addition, several of these laws allow for private claims, which could lead to litigation risks even where we believe we are in compliance. 38 Table of Contents Additionally, we are subject to state equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply to healthcare services reimbursed by any third-party payor, not just governmental payors, but also private insurers. These laws are enforced by various state agencies and through private actions. Some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and/or other voluntary industry codes of conduct that restrict the payments made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources. Several states and local laws also impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state, require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. In the U.S., to help patients afford our approved product, we may utilize programs to assist them, including patient assistance programs and co-pay coupon programs for eligible patients. Government enforcement agencies have shown increased interest in pharmaceutical companies’ product and patient assistance programs, including reimbursement support services, and investigations into these programs have resulted in significant civil and criminal settlements. In addition, at least one insurer has directed its network pharmacies to no longer accept co-pay coupons for certain specialty drugs the insurer identified. Our co-pay coupon programs could become the target of similar insurer actions. In addition, the CMS issued guidance to the issuers of qualified health plans sold through the ACA’s marketplaces encouraging such plans to reject patient cost-sharing support from third parties and indicating that the CMS intends to monitor the provision of such support and may take regulatory action to limit it in the future. The CMS also requires individual market qualified health plans to accept third-party premium and cost-sharing payments from certain government-related entities. Furthermore, the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) of the HHS has warned manufacturers that they may be subject to sanctions under the federal AKS and/or civil monetary penalty laws if they do not take appropriate steps to exclude Part D beneficiaries from using co-pay coupons. It is possible that changes in insurer policies regarding co-pay coupons and/or the introduction and enactment of new legislation or regulatory action could restrict or otherwise negatively affect these patient support programs, which could result in fewer patients using affected products, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our sales, business, and financial condition. Third-party patient assistance programs that receive financial support from companies have become the subject of enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny. The OIG has established guidelines that suggest that it is lawful for pharmaceutical manufacturers to make donations to charitable organizations who provide co-pay assistance to Medicare patients, provided that such organizations, among other things, are bona fide charities, are entirely independent of and not controlled by the manufacturer, provide aid to applicants on a first-come basis according to consistent financial criteria and do not link aid to use of a donor’s product. However, donations to patient assistance programs have received some negative publicity and been the subject of multiple government enforcement actions, related to allegations regarding their use to promote branded pharmaceutical products over other less costly alternatives. Specifically, in recent years, there have been multiple settlements resulting out of government claims challenging the legality of their patient assistance programs under a variety of federal and state laws. The scope and enforcement of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Federal and state enforcement has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. EU Regulation EU Product Approval The EMA is a decentralized scientific agency of the EU which coordinates the scientific evaluation and monitoring of centrally authorized medicinal products and is responsible for the scientific evaluation of applications for EU marketing authorizations, as well as the development of technical guidance and the provision of scientific advice to sponsors. The EMA decentralizes its scientific assessment of medicines by working through a network of experts throughout the EU, nominated by the EU Member States. The EC is responsible for formally granting centralized marketing authorizations in the EU, following the scientific opinion from the EMA. 39 Table of Contents The process regarding approval of medicinal products in the EU is similar to the process in the U.S. and generally involves completing each of the following: • preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies performed in accordance with the applicable EU GLP regulations; • submission of a clinical trial authorization application (“CTA”) for each trial in humans through the EU Clinical Trials Information System (“CTIS”) to the competent authorities of the EU Member States concerned, which must be approved before the trial may begin in each EU Member State where patient enrollment is planned; • performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for each proposed indication; • submission to the relevant competent authorities of a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”), which includes the data supporting safety and efficacy as well as detailed information on the manufacture and composition of the product in clinical development and proposed labeling; • satisfactory completion of an inspection by the relevant national authorities of the manufacturing facility or facilities, including those of third parties, at which the product is produced to assess compliance with strictly enforced cGMP; • potential audits of the non-clinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the MAA; and • review and approval by the relevant competent authority of the MAA before any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the product. Preclinical Studies and Clinical Trials The conduct of preclinical tests and formulation of compounds for testing in the EU must comply with the relevant international, EU and national legislation, regulations and guidelines. The results of the preclinical tests, together with relevant manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted as part of the CTA. Clinical trials of medicinal products conducted in the EU must comply with the harmonized regulatory framework provided by Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (“Clinical Trials Regulation”), and the International Conference on Harmonization (“ICH”) guidelines on GCP. A clinical trial to be conducted in an EU Member State must be authorized by the competent authority of the EU Member State concerned and given a positive opinion by an independent ethics committee in accordance with the Clinical Trials Regulation and applicable national laws. The CTA must include, among other things, a copy of the trial protocol and an investigational medicinal product dossier containing information about the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation, and data derived from non-clinical studies and from its clinical use (if any). The Clinical Trials Regulation, which became applicable in January 2022, establishes the procedure to enable sponsors to submit one CTA for it to be approved in a more streamlined and coordinated manner by two or more countries in the EU or European Economic Area (“EEA”) where the clinical trial is to be performed. Sponsors are required to submit an application through an online platform known as the Clinical Trials Information System for approval. To make it more efficient to carry out such multinational trials, one EU Member State assumes the role as the reporting Member State to lead the scientific review of the assessment, for agreement by the EU Member States concerned within the timeframe stipulated by the Clinical Trials Regulation. Each concerned Member State is responsible for assessing country-specific issues concerning the clinical trial, including those related to adequacy of the trial sites, facilities and recruitment details. One of the key objectives of the Clinical Trial Regulation is to strengthen the transparency of clinical trial related information. Clinical trial data and information submitted to the CTIS are subject to public disclosure in accordance with the Clinical Trials Regulation, subject to defined exceptions, including for the protection of personal data, commercially confidential information, and confidential communications between Member States during the assessment process. Manufacturers are afforded the opportunity to seek scientific advice from regulatory authorities to guide their research and development programs. A request for scientific advice can be made nationally by engaging the national competent authorities or centrally, which is coordinated by the EMA at different stages of product development in relation to questions concerning an assessment of the product quality, non-clinical testing and clinical development. Scientific advice is not binding with regard to any future MAA of the product concerned, but departure from the advice should be justified in the MAA. 40 Table of Contents Marketing Authorizations After completion of the required clinical testing, we must obtain a marketing authorization before we can place a medicinal product on the market in the EU. There are various marketing authorization procedures available, depending on the type of product involved. All procedures require an application to be presented in the internationally harmonized Common Technical Document format, which includes the submission of detailed information about the manufacturing and quality of the product, and nonclinical testing and clinical trials, to inform the benefit-risk assessment. The centralized procedure results in marketing authorizations that are valid throughout the EU and, by extension (after national implementing decisions), in Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, which, together with the EU Member States, comprise the EEA. Applicants submit MAAs to the EMA, where they are reviewed by relevant scientific committees, including the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”). The EMA forwards the CHMP opinion to the EC, which adopts a decision granting or refusing a marketing authorization. The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicinal products that (1) are developed by biotechnology processes, (2) are an advanced therapy medicinal product (i.e., gene therapy, somatic cell therapy or tissue-engineered medicines), (3) contain a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders, viral diseases or autoimmune diseases and other immune dysfunctions or (4) are orphan medicinal products. For medicines that do not fall within these categories, an applicant may voluntarily submit an application for a centralized marketing authorization to the EMA, provided that the medicine concerned contains a new active substance and the CHMP agrees that (i) the medicine is a significant therapeutic, scientific, or technical innovation, or (ii) the authorization of the medicine under the centralized procedure would be in the interest of public health at the EU level. For those medicinal products for which the centralized procedure is not available, the applicant must submit MAAs to the national competent authorities of the EU Member States through one of three procedures: (1) a national procedure, which results in a marketing authorization in a single EU Member State; (2) the decentralized procedure, in which applications are submitted simultaneously in two or more EU Member States and a reference Member State is appointed to lead the scientific assessment; or (3) the mutual recognition procedure, which is used when the product has already been nationally authorized in at least one EU Member State (the reference Member State), and the marketing authorization holder seeks recognition of that authorization for the same product in at least one other EU Member State (concerned Member States). A concerned Member State may refuse to recognize the assessment of the reference Member State in the decentralized procedure or the mutual recognition procedure on grounds of potential serious risk to public health. Under the centralized procedure in the EU, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA is 210 days. However, this timeline excludes clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP, so the overall process typically may take a year or more. Accelerated assessment may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of major interest for public health and therapeutic innovation. In this circumstance, the EMA ensures that the opinion of the CHMP is given within 150 days, excluding clock stops. Data Exclusivity MAAs for generic medicinal products do not need to include the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials but instead can refer to such data included in the marketing authorization of a reference product for which regulatory data exclusivity has expired. Where a marketing authorization is granted for a medicinal product containing a new active substance, that product benefits from eight years of data exclusivity, during which generic MAAs referring to the data of that product will not be accepted by the regulatory authorities, and a further two years of marketing protection, during which such generic products, even if approved, may not be placed on the market until the full 10-year protection period has expired. The 10-year protection period may be extended to 11 years if, during the first eight years of the product’s authorization, one or more new therapeutic indications with significant clinical benefit over existing therapies are approved. There is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product, for example, because of differences in raw materials or manufacturing processes. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical studies or clinical trials must be provided, and guidelines from the EMA detail the type of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product. 41 Table of Contents Orphan Designation In the EU, an orphan medicinal product designation may be granted, following recommendation by the EMA’s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (“COMP”), for products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU. Additionally, designation may be granted for products intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the product in the EU would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the medicinal product. The COMP may only recommend orphan designation when the product in question offers a significant clinical benefit over existing approved products for the relevant indication or where no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition exists. Following a positive opinion by the COMP, the EC adopts a decision granting orphan status. The COMP will reassess orphan status in parallel with EMA review of an MAA, and orphan status may be withdrawn at that stage if the product no longer fulfills the orphan criteria. Orphan designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers, and 10 years of market exclusivity is granted following marketing authorization. During this period, the EU competent authorities may not accept or approve a marketing authorization application for a similar medicinal product, meaning a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product and which is intended for the same approved therapeutic indication, unless: (i) the second medicinal product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the authorized orphan product; (ii) the marketing authorization holder for the authorized product consents to a second application; or (iii) the marketing authorization holder for the authorized product cannot supply enough orphan product. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of orphan designation. PRIME Designation The PRIority MEdicines (“PRIME”), scheme is intended to encourage product development in areas of unmet medical need and provides accelerated assessment of products representing substantial innovation reviewed under the centralized procedure. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need (there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicine will bring a major therapeutic advantage) and they must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Products from small- and medium-sized enterprises may qualify for earlier entry into the PRIME scheme than larger companies. Many benefits accrue to sponsors of therapeutic candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. Importantly, a dedicated EMA contact and rapporteur from the CHMP are appointed early in the PRIME scheme facilitating increased understanding of the product at the EMA’s Committee level. A kick-off meeting initiates these relationships and includes a team of multidisciplinary experts at the EMA to provide guidance on the overall development and regulatory strategies. Where, during the course of development, a medicine no longer meets the eligibility criteria, support under the PRIME scheme may be withdrawn. Post-Approval Controls The holder of a marketing authorization must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports (“PSURs”). All new MAAs must include a risk management plan describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures that will be taken to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the marketing authorization. Such risk-minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved summary of product characteristics, and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited in the EU. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicines is also prohibited in the EU. Although general requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products are established under EU directives, the details are governed by national law in each Member State and may differ between Member States. 42 Table of Contents Manufacturing Medicinal products may only be manufactured in the EU, or imported into the EU from another country, by the holder of a manufacturing authorization from the competent national authority. The manufacturer or importer must have a qualified person who is responsible for certifying that each batch of product has been manufactured in accordance with EU standards of cGMP before releasing the product for commercial distribution in the EU or for use in a clinical trial. Manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the competent authorities for compliance with cGMP. Testing and certification on importation is exempted where there exists a Mutual Recognition Agreement between the exporting country and the EU. Pricing and Reimbursement Governments influence the price of medicinal products in the EU through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some EU Member States operate positive or negative list systems under which reimbursed products may only be placed on the market once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other EU Member States allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines, has become intense. In addition to an assessment of cost-effectiveness, the national health systems may consider whether market access is affordable. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. Reform of the Regulatory Framework in the EU The EC introduced legislative proposals in April 2023 that, if implemented, will replace the current regulatory framework in the EU for all medicines (including those for rare diseases and for children). In April 2024, the European Parliament adopted its position on the legislative proposals, and in June 2025, the Council of the European Union adopted its position. A common position on the text was agreed upon in December 2025, in the context of subsequent inter-institutional trilogue negotiations. The proposed revisions remain to be adopted and are not expected to become applicable before 2028. The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the UK Following the end of the Brexit transition period on January 1, 2021 and the implementation of the Windsor Framework on January 1, 2025, the UK is not generally subject to EU laws in respect of medicines. EU laws that were transposed into UK law through secondary legislation continue to apply in the UK as retained EU law (as amended), but new EU legislation, such as the Clinical Trials Regulation, does not apply in the UK. Since January 1, 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”) has been the UK’s standalone medicines and medical devices regulator . Under the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021, the Secretary of State or an “appropriate authority” has delegated powers to amend or supplement existing regulations in the area of medicinal products and medical devices. This allows new rules to be introduced in the future by way of secondary legislation, which aims to allow flexibility in addressing regulatory gaps and future changes in the fields of human medicines, clinical trials and medical devices. The UK regulatory framework in relation to clinical trials is governed by the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, as amended, which is derived from the EU Clinical Trial Directive, as implemented into UK national law through secondary legislation. In April 2025, the UK introduced the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) (Amendment) Regulations 2025. These changes, which will take full effect from April 2026, aim to create a streamlined, risk-proportionate system that accelerates approvals while maintaining robust safety standards. Marketing authorizations in the UK are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916), as amended. All existing EU marketing authorizations for centrally authorized products were automatically converted or grandfathered into UK marketing authorizations, effective in Great Britain only, on January 1, 2021, unless the marketing authorization holder chose to opt-out. Under the terms of the Windsor Framework, these licenses became valid for the whole of the UK from January 1, 2025. In order to use the centralized procedure to obtain a marketing authorization that will be valid throughout the EEA, companies must be established in the EEA. Therefore, after Brexit, companies established in the UK can no longer use the EU centralized procedure and instead an EEA entity must hold any centralized marketing authorizations. In order to obtain a UK marketing authorization to commercialize products in the UK, an applicant must be established in the UK and must follow one of the UK national authorization procedures or one of the remaining post-Brexit international cooperation procedures. 43 Table of Contents In the UK, the initial duration of a marketing authorization is five years and, following renewal, it will be valid for an unlimited period unless the MHRA decides on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance to proceed with only one additional five-year renewal. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicine on the market in the UK within three years shall cease to be in force. EU and UK Data Protection Laws In the EU, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) governs the processing of personal data. The GDPR imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the GDPR, including requirements to have legal basis for processing certain personal data relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including to the U.S., providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal data, implementing safeguards to keep personal data secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal data in countries not deemed adequate by the EU and the UK, responding to individuals’ requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates where there is no other legal basis for processing, reporting security and privacy breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments, and record-keeping. The GDPR includes substantial penalties to which we could become subject in the event of any non-compliance, including fines of up to €20,000,000 or 4% of total annual global revenue, whichever is greater. In addition, the UK’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR. The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the UK’s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU’s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to £17.5 million or 4% of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. We are required to implement certain safeguards detailed in these regulations when conducting restricted data transfers under the EU and UK GDPR and regulators retain authority to further restrict or prohibit transfers to certain countries where applicable laws would undermine the privacy safeguards provided by the GDPR. PRC Regulation Our China operations are conducted by our Chinese subsidiaries owned by BeOne Medicines (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries. We are subject to a variety of PRC laws, rules and regulations affecting many aspects of our business. As a result of our operations in China, the Chinese regulatory authorities have significant influence over our conduct of business and may influence our operations as they deem appropriate to further economic, regulatory, political and societal goals. This section summarizes the principal PRC laws, rules and regulations that we believe are relevant to our business and operations. For a detailed description of risks related to our doing business in China, please refer to “

