TICKER: OPXS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain challenges; the continuation of historical trends; the sufficiency of our cash
balances for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting policies on our results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations; and the economy in general or the future
of the defense industry. We
caution that these statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results
may differ materially depending on a variety of important factors. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, continued
funding of defense programs and military spending, the timing of such funding, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen
weakness in the Company’s markets, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology
and methods of marketing, delays in completing engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in
product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, changes in the U.S. government’s
interpretation of federal procurement rules and regulations, changes in spending due to policy changes in any new federal presidential
administration, market acceptance of the Company’s products, shortages in components, production delays due to performance quality
issues with outsourced components, inability to fully realize the expected benefits from acquisitions and restructurings or delays in
realizing such benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies, changes to export regulations,
increases in tax rates, changes to generally accepted accounting principles, difficulties in retaining key employees and customers, unanticipated
costs under fixed-price service and system integration engagements, changes in the market for microcap stocks regardless of growth and
value and various other factors beyond our control. Some of these risks and uncertainties are identified in this Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the section “

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Raw Materials Disclosure
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to “ Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Certain
of our products are dependent on specialized sources of supply potentially subject to disruption which could have a material, adverse
impact on our business.” Intellectual
Property Trade
Secrets and Know-How We
utilize several highly specialized and unique processes in the manufacture of our products. While we believe that these trade secrets
have value, it is probable that our future success will depend primarily on the innovation, technical expertise, manufacturing and marketing
abilities of our personnel. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or that our
non-disclosure agreements will provide meaningful protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event
of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or other disclosure. The confidentiality agreements that are designed to protect our trade
secrets could be breached, and we might not have adequate remedies for the breach. Additionally, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how
might otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. Patents We
possess five utility patents and three design patents. Two new patents have been reviewed by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and approved in fiscal year 2025. These are for U.S. Patent No. 12,352,533 titled “Improved Next Shot Compensation System for Weapons”
and for our Laser Filter Antenna, which is awaiting a U.S. Patent number. The
following patents generally expire 20 years after issuance. On
November 6, 2025, we received a notice of allowance for our U.S. Patent Application No. 18/809,740 filed on August 20, 2024 on the Laser
Filter Antenna. The U.S. Patent number is pending receipt of our payment of the Issue Fee which is due by January 9, 2026. On
July 8, 2025, we were issued U.S. Patent No. 12,352,533 titled “Next Shot Compensation System for Weapons” which is a filtered
unit to prevent light having a threshold wavelength from passing through the filter unit; and one or more radar antennae deposited on
a surface of the filter unit, wherein the one or more radar antennae are configured to capture a velocity of a projectile fired from
the weapon. On
April 4, 2023, we were issued U.S. Patent No. 11,619,824 B2 titled “Selectable Offset Image Wedge” which is a mechanical
wedge used to offset the image anywhere in the selectable range of circular travel within the defined offset field of view. This application
is a continuation-in-part of U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298 and claims priority to U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298, issued on June 18, 2019. 19 On
November 4, 2021 we were issued U.S. Patent No. 2021/0341746A1 titled “Selectable Offset Image Wedge” which is a mechanical
wedge used to offset the image anywhere in the selectable range of circular travel within the defined offset field of view. This application
is a continuation-in-part of U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298 and claims priority to U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298, issued on June 18, 2019. On
June 18, 2019 we were issued U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298 titled “Offset Image Wedge with Dual Capability and Alignment Technique”.
The invention relates to an offset image wedge for use on a bore-sighted rifle mounted directly onto the scope via a clamp mounting device.
The wedge allows for a dual image which can be aligned in the field and provides the user with a choice of either a bore-sighted image
or an offset image without removing the wedge. On
July 11, 2017, we were issued U.S. Patent No. D791,852 S, for our Red Tail Digital Spotting Scope. We have a retail sales
relationship with Cabela’s Inc. and Amazon, to distribute these scopes. They are currently the only digital spotting scope
offered by Cabela’s Inc. Our Red Tail Digital Spotting Scopes also received a favorable review from Trigger Magazine in
2017. In
May 2015, we announced the issuance to us of U.S. Patent No. 13,792,297 titled “ICWS Periscope”. This invention improves
previously accepted levels of periscope performance that, in turn, improves soldier’s safety. In
December 2013, Optex Systems, Inc. was issued U.S. Patent No. 23,357,802 titled “Multiple Spectral Single Image Sighting System
Using Single Objective Lens Set.” The technology platform, designed for our DDAN program, is applicable to all ground combat vehicles
used by the US and foreign militaries. This invention presents a single image to both day and night sensors using precision optics, which
in turn allows the user to individually observe day, night, or day and night simultaneously. In addition, it has proven to be especially
useful in light transition points experienced at dusk and dawn. We are in production and currently delivering sighting systems with this
advanced technology, a significant upgrade in the goal of supporting our customers as they modernize the worldwide inventory of aging
armored vehicles. This technology is applicable to many sighting systems, and it has already been designed for implementation on the
Light Armored Vehicles, the Armored Security Vehicle, the Amphibious Assault Vehicle, and the M60 Main Battle Tank. DDAN technology has
advanced the capabilities of these installed weapon systems and is the first in a series of patents we have applied for to protect our
Intellectual Property portfolio in support of the warfighters who use these systems. Licenses In
May 2012, we purchased a perpetual, non-exclusive license, with a single up-front license fee of $200,000 to use Patent 7,880,792 “Optical
and Infrared Periscope with Display Monitor” (issued in 2011 and owned by Synergy International Optronics, LLC). We believe the
purchase of the license agreement may allow us to extend and expand our market potential for the M113APC vehicle type which has the highest
number of commonly used armored vehicles in the world. The current estimated active M113 APC worldwide inventory is over 80,000 units.
This licensing of this patent allows us to develop additional products for this vehicle type, including the M17 Day/Thermal and M17 Day/Night
periscopes. We are actively marketing the new periscopes internationally and completed our first international shipment utilizing this
technology in March 2014. We continue to prototype these products and demonstrate them to potential customers. On
June 29, 2023, the “Effective Date”, we executed a License agreement LA12342 with Pratt & Whitney Division (“P&W”)
of Raytheon Technologies Corporation for a six-year term from the Effective date. The agreement allows the Company the use of P&W’s
proprietary technology to perform the application and inspection of proprietary coatings on a selection of vane part numbers for the
upturned exhaust system (UESII) utilized on Sikorsky’s Blackhawk aircraft variants. The license grant is exclusive to the Applied
Optics Center for the application and inspection of coatings for the end customer, provided that AOC is able to sufficiently meet the
end customer volume demand for the licensed items during the term. In consideration of the license rights, AOC agrees to pay P&W
a royalty of $200 per vain, or $2000 per shipset of 10 vanes to which the coating is applied. On the 2 nd anniversary of the
Effective date, and every two years thereafter during the term of the agreement, the royalty rate shall be increased by 3%. Semiannual
payments are to be paid within 15 days of June 30 th and December 31 st throughout the duration of the agreement. Our
competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for and
obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make and sell some of our products. Although we believe that
our products do not infringe on the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties, we cannot assure you that third parties will
not assert infringement claims against us or that such claims will not be successful. Competition The
markets for our products are competitive. We compete primarily on the basis of our ability to design and engineer products to meet performance
specifications set by our customers. Our customers include military and government end users as well as prime contractors that purchase
component parts or subassemblies, which they incorporate into their end products. Product pricing, quality, customer support, experience,
reputation and financial stability are also important competitive factors. 20 There
are a limited number of competitors in each of the markets for the various types of products that we design, manufacture and sell. At
this time, we consider our primary competitor for the Optex Richardson site to be Gus Periscopes. The Applied Optics Center thin film
and laser coatings products compete primarily with Materion-Barr, G&H Artemis and Alluxa. Our
competitors are often well entrenched, particularly in the defense markets. While we believe that the quality of our technologies and
product offerings provides us with a competitive advantage over certain manufacturers, some of our competitors have substantially greater
financial and other resources than we do to spend on the research and development of their technologies and for funding the construction
and operation of commercial scale plants. We
expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products. We cannot assure investors that our competitors
will not develop enhancements to, or future generations of, competitive products that will offer superior price or performance features,
or that new technology or processes will not emerge that render our products less competitive or obsolete. Increased competitive pressure
could lead to lower prices for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Also, competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost, and we may not be able to successfully
develop or expend the financial resources necessary to acquire new technology. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
in the future. Employees
and Human Capital We
had 132 full-time equivalent employees as of September 28, 2025, which include a small temporary work force to handle peak loads as needed.
We are in compliance with local prevailing wage, contractor licensing and insurance regulations, and have good relations with our employees,
who are not currently unionized. We use outside consultants for various services. We have not experienced any work stoppages and are
not a party to a collective bargaining agreement. Management considers labor relations to be good. We
are dedicated to preserving operational excellence and remaining an employer of choice. We provide and maintain a work environment that
is designed to attract, develop and retain top talent through offering our employees an engaging work experience that contributes to
their career development. We recognize that our success is based on the collective talents and dedication of those we employ, and we
are highly invested in their success. We value our employees and believe that employee loyalty and enthusiasm are key elements of our
operating performance. Corporate
History Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. is a Delaware corporation originally organized in Delaware as Sustut Exploration, Inc. in April 2006. Optex Systems,
Inc. is a Delaware corporation organized in September 2008. In March 2009, Optex Systems, Inc. engaged in a reverse merger with Sustut
Exploration, Inc., in connection with which the latter was renamed Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. and the former became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. Internet
Address The
Company maintains an internet website at the following address: www.optexsys.com . The information on the Company’s website
is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item
1A.

