TICKER: ORKA
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain management and incident reporting. Drug and Biologic Development Process Regardless of where they
are conducted, all clinical trials included in applications for marketing authorization (“MA”) for human medicines in the
EU/EEA must have been carried out in accordance with EU regulations. This means that clinical trials conducted in the EU/EEA have to comply
with EU clinical trial legislation but also that clinical trials conducted outside the EU/EEA have to comply with ethical principles equivalent
to those set out in the EEA, including adhering to international good clinical practice and the Declaration of Helsinki. The conduct of
clinical trials in the EU is governed by the CTR, which entered into force on January 31, 2022. The CTR replaced the Clinical Trials Directive
2001/20/EC (“Clinical Trials Directive”) and introduced a complete overhaul of the existing regulation of clinical trials
for medicinal products in the EU. The EU Clinical Trials Regulation,
which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive and has been in force since 2022, aims to harmonize and streamline clinical trial processes
across Member States through a centralized application system, the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS), enabling sponsors to submit
a single application for approval. One national regulatory authority, designated as the reporting Member State, leads the validation and
evaluation of applications in consultation with other concerned Member States. Applications may be amended and resubmitted if rejected,
and approved trials may commence in all relevant Member States, although individual states retain the right to “opt out” in
limited circumstances. The Regulation also simplifies safety reporting rules, introduces enhanced transparency requirements such as mandatory
submission of trial results summaries to the EU Database. Since January 31, 2023, all initial clinical trial applications must be submitted
through CTIS which now serves as the single entry point for clinical trial-related information and data. By January 31, 2025, all ongoing
trials approved under the former Clinical Trials Directive must transition to CTIS and comply with the CTR. On July 19, 2023, the EC published
guidance for this transition, clarifying that previously assessed documentation will not be reassessed, EU-endorsed templates do not require
updates, and site suitability forms are only needed for new trial sites. Under the CTR, clinical trials must comply with national laws, regulations,
and the applicable GCP and GLP standards, and the International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals
for Human Use (“ICH”) guidelines on Good Clinical Practice, as well as the ethical principles outlined in the Declaration of
Helsinki. 29 During the development of a medicinal product, the EMA and national
regulators within the EU provide the opportunity for dialogue and guidance on the development program. At the EMA level, this is usually
done in the form of scientific advice, which is given by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”) on the
recommendation of the Scientific Advice Working Party. A fee is incurred with each scientific advice procedure, but is significantly reduced
for designated orphan medicines. Advice from the EMA is typically provided based on questions concerning, for example, quality (chemistry,
manufacturing and controls testing), nonclinical testing and clinical studies, and pharmacovigilance plans and risk-management programs.
Advice is not legally binding with regard to any future Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”) of the product concerned. Drug Marketing Authorization In the EEA, after completion of all required clinical testing, pharmaceutical
products may only be placed on the market after obtaining an MA. To obtain an MA of a drug under EU regulatory systems, an applicant can
submit an MAA through, amongst others, a centralized or decentralized procedure, as detailed below. Centralized Authorization Procedure The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single MA that
is issued by the EC following the scientific assessment of the application by the EMA that is valid for all EU Member States as well as
in the three additional EEA Member States (Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). The centralized procedure is compulsory for specific medicinal
products, including for medicines developed by means of certain biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products,
advanced therapy medicinal products (gene therapy, somatic cell therapy or tissue engineered medicines) and medicinal products with a
new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases (HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune
and viral diseases). For medicinal products containing a new active substance for indications that do not fall within the mandatory centralized
procedure, they are eligible for centralized assessment if they constitute significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovations
or for which the grant of a MA through the centralized procedure would be in the interest of public health at EU level. Under the centralized procedure,
the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”) established at the EMA is responsible for the initial assessment
of an MAA. The CHMP also oversees the scientific assessment of various post-authorization and maintenance activities, including the assessment
of variations or extensions to an existing MA. The standard timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA’s CHMP is 210 days
from receipt of a valid MAA, excluding clock stops for the applicant to provide additional written or oral information in response to
questions asked by the CHMP. As a result, the overall process typically takes a year or more, unless the application is eligible for an
accelerated assessment. Accelerated evaluation might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected
to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. Upon request, the CHMP may reduce
the time frame to 150 days if the applicant provides sufficient justification for an accelerated assessment. The CHMP will provide a positive
opinion regarding the application only if it meets the required standards for quality, safety and efficacy. This opinion is then transmitted
to the EC, which has the ultimate authority for granting MA. 30 Decentralized Authorization Procedure The decentralized procedure permits companies to file identical MAAs
for a medicinal product not falling within the mandatory centralized procedure to the competent authorities in various EU Member States
simultaneously if such medicinal product has not received marketing approval in any EU Member State. In this procedure, the reference
member state is appointed to lead the scientific review for the agreement with the competent authorities of the other EU Member States
concerned by the procedure. A member state may refuse to accept the assessment provided by the reference member state on grounds of a
potential serious risk to public health that is defined as a situation where there is a significant probability that a serious hazard
resulting from a human medicinal product in the context of its proposed use will affect public health. Risk Management Plan All new MAAs must include a Risk Management Plan (“RMP”)
describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated
with the product. RMPs are continually modified and updated throughout the lifetime of the medicine as new information becomes available.
An updated RMP must be submitted: (i) at the request of EMA or a national competent authority, or (ii) whenever the risk-management system
is modified, especially as the result of new information being received that may lead to a significant change to the benefit-risk profile
or as a result of an important pharmacovigilance or risk-minimization milestone being reached. The regulatory authorities may also impose
specific obligations as a condition of the MA. All RMPs for centrally authorized products are published by the EMA, subject only to limited
redactions. MA Validity Period MAs have an initial duration
of five years. After these five years, the authorization may subsequently be renewed on the basis of a reevaluation of the risk-benefit
balance. Once renewed, the MA is valid for an unlimited period unless the EC or the national competent authority decides, on justified
grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with only one additional five-year renewal. Applications for renewal must be made to
the EMA at least nine months before the five-year period expires. Any authorization which is
not followed by the actual placing of the drug on the EU market (in case of centralized procedure) or on the market of the authorizing
member state within three years after authorization ceases to be valid. The UK applies a rule, consistent
with directly applicable EU law, requiring that nationally approved medicinal products must be placed on the market within three years
from the date the marketing authorization is granted. When the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) becomes aware
that the three-year period is approaching expiry, it will notify the marketing authorization holder in advance that the authorization
will cease to be valid if the product is not marketed within the required timeframe. The MHRA provides notification to the marketing authorization
holder in both scenarios referenced previously: first, where a product has held a marketing authorization for three years but has not
been placed on the market at all; and second, where a product was previously marketed but has subsequently not been placed on the market
for a consecutive period of three years. This process ensures compliance with regulatory requirements and maintains the integrity of the
national medicines supply. 31 Following the UK’s exit from the EU, the three-year “sunset clause”
for centrally authorized products in the UK was effectively reset from the date of conversion (January 1, 2021). This means that any product
not placed on the market in Great Britain by early 2024 risked losing its validity unless the appropriate notification was made. The Medicines
and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) is responsible for managing this process for UK marketing authorizations (PLGB MAs),
requiring marketing authorization holders to provide updates on the marketing status of their products. The Windsor Framework agreement
establishes that, effective from January 1, 2025, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) will serve as the sole
regulatory authority for approving medicines for the entire UK market, encompassing both Northern Ireland and Great Britain. Under the
new arrangements, a unified UK-wide authorization process will apply, ensuring that medicines in Northern Ireland are regulated by the
MHRA in the same manner as in Great Britain. On the other hand, for the
EU, in the case the drug has been marketed in the UK, the placing on the UK market before the end of the period starting when the UK left
the EU on January 31, 2020 and ending on December 31, 2020 (the “Brexit Transition Period”) will be taken into account. If,
after the end of the Brexit Transition Period, the drug is not placed on any other market of the remaining EU Member States, the three-year
period will start running from the last date the drug was placed on the UK market before the end of the Brexit Transition Period. Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products In the EU, medicinal products, including ATMPs are subject to extensive
pre- and post-market regulation by regulatory authorities at both the EU and national levels. ATMPs comprise gene therapy products, somatic
cell therapy products and tissue engineered products, which are genes, cells or tissues that have undergone substantial manipulation and
that are administered to human beings in order to cure, diagnose or prevent diseases or regenerate, repair or replace a human tissue.
Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1394/2007, the Committee for Advanced Therapies (“CAT”) is responsible in conjunction with
the CHMP for the evaluation of ATMPs. The CHMP and CAT are also responsible for providing guidelines on ATMPs. These guidelines provide
additional guidance on the factors that the EMA will consider in relation to the development and evaluation of ATMPs and include, among
other things, the preclinical studies required to characterize ATMPs. Although such guidelines are not legally binding, compliance with
them is often necessary to gain and maintain approval for product candidates. In addition to the mandatory
RMP, the holder of a MA for an ATMP must put in place and maintain a system to ensure that each individual product and its starting and
raw materials, including all substances coming into contact with the cells or tissues it may contain, can be traced through the sourcing,
manufacturing, packaging, storage, transport and delivery to the relevant healthcare institution where the product is used. Exceptional Circumstances and Conditional Approval Similar to accelerated approval
regulations in the United States, conditional MAs can be granted in the EU in exceptional circumstances. A conditional MA can be granted
for medicinal products where, although comprehensive clinical data referring to the safety and efficacy of the medicinal product have
not been supplied, a number of criteria are fulfilled: (i) the benefit/risk balance of the product is positive, (ii) it is likely that
the applicant will be in a position to provide the comprehensive clinical data, (iii) unmet medical needs will be fulfilled by the grant
of the MA and (iv) the benefit to public health of the immediate availability on the market of the medicinal product concerned outweighs
the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. Once a conditional MA has been granted, the MA holder must fulfil
specific obligations within defined timelines. A conditional MA is valid for one year and must be renewed annually, but it can be converted
into a standard MA once the MA holder fulfils the obligations imposed and the complete data confirm that the medicine’s benefits
continue to outweigh its risks. Data and Market Exclusivity Under EU pharmaceutical law, reference medicinal products are granted
8 years of data exclusivity, during which generic and biosimilar manufacturers cannot rely on the originator’s non-clinical and
clinical data for regulatory approval. This is followed by 2 years of marketing exclusivity, preventing generics and biosimilars from
entering the market for a total of 10 years. If, within the first 8 years, the reference product is approved for a new indication that
provides significant clinical benefit, the exclusivity period may be extended to 11 years. These rules ensure that generics and biosimilars
cannot seek approval or enter the market until the exclusivity periods have expired, balancing incentives for innovation with future market
competition. 32 A reference medicinal product
for data and marketing exclusivity typically contains a new active substance and requires a full dossier, including pharmaceutical, non-clinical,
and clinical trial data, for approval. The European Medicines Agency (EMA), based on the scientific assessment and opinion of its Committee
for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP), determines whether a product contains a new active substance. Data and marketing exclusivity
do not prevent other companies from generating their own data through independent development to demonstrate the safety, quality, and
efficacy of their own products. Recent reforms introduced
through the EU Pharma Package and the proposed Biotech Act bring significant changes, including streamlined authorization procedures,
enhanced measures for access and affordability, stricter management of medicine shortages, strengthened post-market surveillance, and
new requirements addressing environmental and ethical considerations. These initiatives are designed to modernize and harmonize medicines
regulation, facilitate patient access to innovative therapies, and provide robust oversight of emerging technologies across the EU. The legislative process for the EU Pharma Package began with the European
Commission’s proposal in April 2023, followed by the development of positions by the European Parliament and the Council. This culminated
in Trilogue negotiations, with a political agreement reached in December 2025. The agreed text now awaits formal adoption by both the
Parliament and Council, after which it will be published in the Official Journal of the EU. The new Directive and Regulation will then
enter into force following a transition period of 18 to 36 months, ultimately modernizing EU pharmaceutical law to better support innovation,
access, and supply. Under the agreed EU Pharma Package, companies launching new medicines will benefit from eight years of data protection
and one year of market exclusivity, with a possible additional year for innovative products meeting specific criteria. Pediatric Development In the EU, companies developing
a new medicinal product are obligated to study their product in children and must therefore submit a PIP together with a request for agreement
to the EMA. The EMA issues a decision on the PIP based on an opinion of the EMA’s Pediatric Committee. Companies must conduct pediatric
clinical trials in accordance with the PIP approved by the EMA, unless a deferral (e.g. until enough information to demonstrate its effectiveness
and safety in adults is available) or waiver (e.g. because the relevant disease or condition occurs only in adults) has been granted by
the EMA. The MAA for the medicinal product must include the results of all pediatric clinical trials performed and details of all information
collected in compliance with the approved PIP, unless a waiver or a deferral has been granted, in which case the pediatric clinical trials
may be completed at a later date. Medicinal products that are granted an MA on the basis of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in
accordance with the approved PIP are eligible for a six-month extension of the protection under a supplementary protection certificate
(if any is in effect at the time of approval), or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of the orphan market
exclusivity. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the
approved PIP are developed and submitted. An approved PIP is also required when a MA holder wants to add a new indication, medicinal form
or route of administration for a medicine that is already authorized and covered by intellectual property rights. In the UK, the MHRA has established a closely aligned process, frequently
accepting agreed EU PIPs and decisions to streamline UK submissions. However, the MHRA maintains UK-specific requirements, such as the
need for a UK PIP for new medicines. 33 Post-Approval Regulation Similar to the United States,
both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products in the EU are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the EC
and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the EU Member States. The regulatory oversight covers every stage of the authorization
process, from initial grant of an approval to ongoing monitoring of compliance with EU cGMPs, manufacturing authorizations, pharmacovigilance
rules and requirements governing advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, recordkeeping, importing, and exporting of medicinal
products. These regulatory requirements
are designed to ensure that the safety, quality, and efficacy standards of medicinal products are consistently maintained throughout their
lifecycle. Failure by us or by any of our third-party partners, including suppliers, manufacturers and distributors to comply with EU
laws and the related national laws of individual EU Member States governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA
of medicinal products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of MA, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption
or other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal sanctions. These include delays or refusal
to authorize the conduct of clinical trials or to grant MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, withdrawal or suspension
of authorizations, restrictions on regulated activities such as production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating
restrictions, and financial penalties. The holder of an MA for a
medicinal product must also comply with EU pharmacovigilance legislation and its related regulations and guidelines, which entail many
requirements for conducting pharmacovigilance, or the assessment and monitoring of the safety of medicinal products. These pharmacovigilance rules
require holders of MAs the obligation to develop a system capable of collecting, collating, assessing, and reporting post-authorization
data to monitor the ongoing risks and benefits of marketed medicinal products, as well as the requirement to conduct additional clinical
studies or post-authorization safety or efficacy studies to address uncertainties about the risk-benefit balance, or to measure the effectiveness
of risk-management measures. Such post-authorization measures may be time-consuming and expensive and could impact our profitability.
MA holders must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system designed to monitor the safety of authorized medicinal products and
detect any change to their risk-benefit balance and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance, who is responsible for
the oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of unexpected serious adverse reactions and submission of Periodic
Safety Update Reports (“PSURs”) in relation to medicinal products for which they hold MAs. The EMA reviews PSURs for medicinal
products authorized through the centralized procedure. If the EMA, based on the scientific assessment conducted by its advisory committees,
determines that the risk-benefit profile of a product has changed, it may issue an opinion recommending suspension, withdrawal, or variation
of the existing MA. The scientific opinion must be ratified by the EC in a legally binding decision. If the MA holder fails to meet the
obligations set out in the EC’s decision, the validity of the MA may be compromised. For centrally authorized products, non-compliance
with pharmacovigilance requirements can result in regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties imposed by the EC. More generally, non-compliance with pharmacovigilance obligations can
lead to the variation, suspension or withdrawal of the MA for the product or imposition of financial penalties or other enforcement measures. 34 The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products in the EU is
highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they believe do not comply with regulations. Manufacturing
requires a manufacturing authorization, and the manufacturing authorization holder must comply with various requirements set out in the
applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including Directive 2001/83/EC, Directive 2003/94/EC (repealed by Directive 2017/1572 on
January 31, 2022), Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 and the European Commission Guidelines for Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”).
These requirements include compliance with EU cGMP standards when manufacturing pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients,
including the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients outside of the EU with the intention to import the active pharmaceutical
ingredients into the EU. Amendments or replacements of at least Directive 2001/83/EC and Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 are part of the reform
proposal for European pharmaceutical legislation. Similarly, the distribution of pharmaceutical products into and within the EU is subject
to compliance with the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidelines, including the requirement to hold appropriate authorizations for
distribution granted by the competent authorities of the EU Member States. The manufacturer or importer must have a qualified person who
is responsible for certifying that each batch of product has been manufactured in accordance with GMP and the terms of a marketing authorization
or clinical trial authorization, before releasing the product for commercial distribution in the EU or for use in a clinical trial. Manufacturing
facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the competent authorities for compliance with GMP. Advertising and Promotion Regulations The advertising and promotion
of our products is also subject to EU laws concerning promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians, misleading and comparative
advertising and unfair commercial practices. In addition, other national legislation of individual EU Member States may apply to the advertising
and promotion of medicinal products and may differ from one country to another. These laws require that promotional materials and advertising
in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s SmPC as approved by the competent regulatory authorities. The SmPC is
the document that provides information to physicians concerning the safe and effective use of the medicinal product. It forms an intrinsic
and integral part of the MA granted for the medicinal product. Promotion of a medicinal product that does not comply with the SmPC is
considered to constitute off-label promotion. All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved
SmPC and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription-only medicines is also prohibited
in the EU. Violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the EU could be penalized by administrative measures,
fines and imprisonment. These laws may further limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and
may also impose limitations on its promotional activities with healthcare professionals. EU regulation with regards
to dispensing, sale and purchase of medicines has generally been preserved in the UK following Brexit, through the Human Medicines Regulations
2012. However, organizations wishing to sell medicines online need to register with the MHRA. Following Brexit, the requirements to display
the common logo no longer apply to UK-based online sellers, except for those established in Northern Ireland. Anti-Corruption Legislation In the EU, interactions between
pharmaceutical companies and physicians are also governed by strict laws, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians’
codes of professional conduct both at EU level and in the individual EU Member States. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians
to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is prohibited
in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of the EU Member States.
Violation of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. Payments made to physicians
in certain EU Member States also must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians must often be the subject of prior notification
and approval by the physician’s employer, his/her regulatory professional organization, and/or the competent authorities of the
individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes, or professional codes of conduct, applicable
in the individual EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative
penalties, fines or imprisonment. In the UK, the pharmaceutical
sector is recognized as being particularly vulnerable to corrupt practices, some of which fall within the scope of the Bribery Act 2010.
Due to the Bribery Act 2010’s far-reaching territorial application, the potential penalized act does not have to occur in the UK
to become within its scope. If the act or omission does not take place in the UK, but the person’s act or omission would constitute
an offense if carried out there and the person has a close connection with the UK, an offense will still have been committed. 35 The Bribery Act 2010 is comprised
of four offenses that cover (i) individuals, companies and partnerships that give, promise or offer bribes, (ii) individuals, companies
and partnerships that request, agree to receive or accept bribes, (iii) individuals, companies and partnerships that bribe foreign public
officials, and (iv) companies and partnerships that fail to prevent persons acting on their behalf from paying bribes. The penalties imposed
under the Bribery Act 2010 depend on the offence committed, harm and culpability and penalties range from unlimited fines to imprisonment
for a maximum term of ten years and in some cases both. Regulations in the UK and Other Markets The UK formally left the
EU on January 31, 2020 and EU laws now only apply to the UK in respect of Northern Ireland as laid out in the Protocol on Ireland and
Northern Ireland and as amended by the Windsor Framework sets out a long-term set of arrangements for the supply of medicines into Northern
Ireland. The EU and the UK agreed on a trade and cooperation agreement (“TCA”), which includes provisions affecting the life
sciences sector (including on customs and tariffs). There are some specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, including the mutual
recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP issued documents. The TCA does not, however,
contain wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations and product standards. The UK government has adopted
the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021 (the “MMDA”) to enable the UK’s regulatory frameworks to be updated following
the UK’s departure from the EU. The MMDA introduces regulation-making, delegated powers covering the fields of human medicines,
clinical trials of human medicines, veterinary medicines and medical devices. The MHRA has since been consulting on future regulations
for medicines and medical devices in the UK. For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern
Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement
vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCPs and the applicable regulatory
requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we fail to comply with
applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension of clinical trials, suspension
or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Corporate Information We were formed as a Delaware
corporation in 1992 under the name “Nuvelo, Inc.” and subsequently, in 2009, we completed a business combination with ARCA
biopharma, Inc. On August 29, 2024, we completed the Merger with Pre-Merger Oruka and changed our name from “ARCA biopharma, Inc.”
to “Oruka Therapeutics, Inc.” Our corporate headquarters are located at 855 Oak Grove Avenue, Suite 100, Menlo Park, California
94025. The telephone number at our corporate headquarters is (650) 606-7910. Our corporate website address is www.orukatx.com .
We do not incorporate information contained on, or accessible through, our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should
not consider it part of this Annual Report. Employees and Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025
we had 68 full-time employees of which 51 employees were in research and development and the remaining 17 employees worked in
finance, legal, business development, human resources, and administrative support. All our full-time employees are located in the
United States. We also engage temporary employees and consultants to augment our existing workforce. None of our employees are
represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to
be good. We recognize that attracting,
motivating, and retaining talent at all levels is vital to continuing our success. We invest in our employees through high-quality benefits,
professional development opportunities, and various health and wellness initiatives and offer competitive compensation packages (base
salary and incentive plans), ensuring fairness in internal compensation practices. The principal purposes of our incentive plans (bonus
and equity) are to align with the long-term interests of our stakeholders and stockholders. 36

--- VENDORS ---
vendors not satisfying their obligations to us. We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is required to
be materially modified or suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board, if any, or by the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend, put on clinical hold, or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of
factors, including not aligning with or supporting our clinical trial designs or our failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance
with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or
comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects,
failure to demonstrate a benefit, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue
the clinical trial. If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those
that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates, if the results of
these trials are not positive or are only moderately positive, or if there are safety concerns, our business and results of operations
may be adversely affected and we may need to adjust or abandon our business plans and we may incur significant additional costs. Our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely
affected if we encounter difficulties enrolling and maintaining participants in our current and future clinical trials. We depend on
the successful completion of clinical trials for our product candidates. Our inability to enroll and maintain a sufficient number of participants
who remain in a trial until conclusion would result in significant delays in completing clinical trials and increased development costs
or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. The enrollment of participants in current or future trials for any
of our programs will depend on many factors, including if participants choose to enroll in our clinical trials, rather than using approved
products, or if our competitors have ongoing clinical trials for programs that are under development for the same indications as our programs
and participants instead enroll in such clinical trials. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of participants for our clinical
trials, we may have difficulty maintaining participants in such clinical trials. 43 Preliminary, “topline”, or interim data from our clinical
trials may change and are subject to audit and verification procedures, and should be viewed with caution until the final data are available.
Our interpretation of such data is based on assumptions that may evolve as additional data become available, which could result in changes
to conclusions regarding the safety, efficacy, timing, or likelihood of success of our clinical development programs. From time to time, we may
publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials that are based on a preliminary analysis
of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review
of the data. We may also make assumptions, estimations, calculations, and conclusions as part of our analyses of these data without the
opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate complete data. As a result, the preliminary or topline results that we report may differ from
future results of the same studies and our conclusions may change or be qualified as additional data are received, fully evaluated, and
subjected to audit and verification procedures. We may also publicly disclose
interim data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Such interim data are inherently preliminary and subject to the risk that
one or more of the clinical outcomes may change as participant enrollment continues, additional data become available, as participants
from our clinical trials pursue other treatments, or further analyses are conducted. In addition, third parties, including regulatory
agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions, or analyses or may interpret or weigh the
importance of data differently, which could impact the perceived value of the particular product candidate, the approvability or commercialization
of the particular product candidate, and our company and our business in general. In addition, others may not agree with what we determine
is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our public disclosure of a particular preclinical study or clinical trial. If the preliminary, topline, or interim data that we report differ
from actual results, or if final data or data from later stage clinical trials do not produce favorable results, our ability to obtain
approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or
financial condition. Our clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events, undesirable
side effects, or patient intolerance not seen in our preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials, and may result in a safety profile
that could halt clinical development, inhibit regulatory approval, or limit commercial potential or market acceptance of any of our product
candidates. We do not know whether any clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety to result in regulatory
approval to market any of our product candidates. Results of our clinical trials
could reveal an unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or patient intolerance, adverse events, or unexpected characteristics,
and any of these occurrences could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects significantly. If significant
adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting participants to such
trials, participants may drop out of the trials, or we may have to suspend, materially modify or abandon the trials or our development
efforts of one or more programs altogether. We, the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities, or an IRB, may suspend or require
the material modification of any clinical trials of any program or require that we repeat or conduct additional clinical trials at any
time for various reasons, including safety and health risks or exposure to adverse side effects. Even if side effects do not
preclude the product candidate from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance
of the approved product due to their tolerability versus other therapies. Potential side effects associated with our product candidates
may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff, as toxicities resulting from our product candidates may
not be normally encountered in the general patient population and by medical personnel. In addition, an extended half-life could prolong
the duration of undesirable side effects, which could also affect our clinical trials or inhibit market acceptance. In addition, even if we successfully
advance our product candidates through clinical trials, such trials will only include a limited number of participants and limited duration
of exposure to our product candidates. As a result, we cannot be assured that adverse effects of our product candidates will not be uncovered
when a significantly larger number of participants are exposed to the product candidate after approval and potentially over an extended
period of use. Further, any clinical trials may not be sufficient to determine the effect and safety consequences of using our product
candidates over a multi-year period or longer. If any of the foregoing events occur or if one or more of our product
candidates prove to be unsafe, our pipeline could be affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. 44 We may expend our limited
resources to pursue a particular program and fail to capitalize on programs that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater
likelihood of success. We are initially focused on our most advanced programs, ORKA-001 and
ORKA-002, and as a result, we may forgo or delay pursuit of opportunities with other programs that later prove to have greater commercial
potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities.
Our spending on current and future research and development programs for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable product
candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may be in
a position where we may have to relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other arrangements
in cases in which we would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product
candidate. We may never receive approval to market and commercialize any product candidate. Any approved products
resulting from our programs may not achieve adequate market acceptance among clinicians, patients, healthcare third-party payors and others
in the medical community necessary for commercial success and we may not generate any future revenue from the sale or licensing of such
products. Even if regulatory approval is obtained for a product candidate resulting
from one of our current or future programs, it may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, third-party payors or others
in the medical community. Market acceptance of our product candidates will depend on many factors, including factors that are not within
our control. Market participants with influence over acceptance of new treatments, such as clinicians and third-party payors,
may not adopt a biologic that incorporates half-life extension for our targeted indications, and we may not be able to convince the
medical community and third-party payors to accept and use, or to provide favorable reimbursement for, any programs developed by
us or our existing or future collaborators. Moreover, an extended half-life may make it more difficult for patients to change treatments
and there may be a perception that half-life extension could exacerbate side effects, each of which may adversely affect our ability
to gain market acceptance. Further, we may not generate or derive sufficient revenue from a product candidate and may not become or remain
profitable if such product candidate is approved, but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance. Certain of our programs
may compete with our other programs, which could negatively impact our business and reduce our future revenue. We are developing product candidates for PsO, HS, and may in the future
develop our programs for other I&I indications. Each such program targets a different mechanism of action. However, developing multiple
programs for a single indication may negatively impact our business if the programs compete with each other. For example, concurrent clinical
trials across multiple programs may compete for the enrollment of participants. In addition, the approval of multiple product candidates
for the same indication could intensify market competition and limit our future revenues. We are conducting, and may conduct in the future, clinical trials for
programs at sites outside the United States, subjecting us to additional risks that may delay or adversely affect our product development
timelines. We are currently conducting
clinical trials outside the United States and may continue to do so in the future. Conducting clinical trials outside the United States
may expose us to additional operational and regulatory risks, including differing regulatory standards and review timelines and increased
complexity in ensuring compliance with applicable laws and data protection requirements. Although the FDA may accept data from clinical
trials conducted outside the United States, acceptance of this data is subject to conditions imposed by the FDA. If the FDA does not accept
the data from any trial that we conduct outside the United States, it would likely result in the need for additional trials, which would
be costly and time-consuming and would delay or permanently halt our development of the applicable product candidates. Even if the FDA
accepted such data, it could impose additional conditions, such as requiring us to modify our planned clinical trials to receive clearance
to initiate such trials in the United States or to continue such trials once initiated. Further, conducting clinical trials outside of the United States presents
additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include requirements for local ethics approvals, challenges
in monitoring trial conduct and data integrity across jurisdictions, including the potential failure of investigators or enrolled participants
in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocol that could restrict or limit our ability to conduct our clinical trials, the administrative
burdens of conducting clinical trials under multiple sets of foreign regulations, potential restrictions, such as local privacy restrictions,
on data generated from the clinical trial, and diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries. Operations in foreign
jurisdictions are subject to additional risks, including dependence on third party manufacturers or suppliers outside of the United States,
as well as political and economic risks relevant to foreign countries. 45 Risks Related to Government and Regulatory Matters The regulatory approval
processes of the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and unpredictable. We may not be
able to commercialize, or may be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue may be materially
impaired if we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals for our product candidates. The lengthy regulatory approval
process as well as the unpredictability of clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain or be delayed in obtaining approval
to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. Before obtaining regulatory
approvals for the commercial sale of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical studies
and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe and effective for each targeted indication. In addition, securing regulatory
approval also requires the submission of information about the drug

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners and manufacturing sites may fail to perform adequately in their efforts to support the manufacture of our product candidates and we may need to switch or create third-party manufacturer redundancies. 37 Risks Related to Employee
Matters, Managing Growth, Other Risks Related to Our Business, and Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock ● Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, our business may not grow at similar rates, or at all. ● Our business is dependent on key personnel, and we may be harmed if
we cannot recruit and retain highly qualified personnel to successfully implement our business strategies. ● Our business could be adversely affected by macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions. ● Future sales and issuances of equity and debt could result in additional dilution to our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. ● Future sales of shares, or the anticipation of such sales, by existing
stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials are subject to
unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. Whether or not we obtain
FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement
of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process
that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials,
including requirements to conduct additional clinical trials, product licensing, safety reporting, post-authorization requirements, marketing
and promotion, interactions with healthcare professionals, pricing and reimbursement may vary widely from country to country. No action
can be taken to market any product in a country until an appropriate marketing approval has been granted by the regulatory authorities
in that country. The current approval process varies from country to country, and the time spent in gaining approval may vary from that
required for FDA approval. In certain countries, the sales price of a product must also be agreed or approved by payors or the respective
national health system before commercial launch. The pricing review period often begins after marketing approval. Although a product may
receive marketing approval from a regulatory authority, the price agreed upon during the review process may not be commercially sustainable
to justify a commercial launch in those countries. 27 Regulation in the European Union European Data and Security Laws The collection and use of
personal health data and other personal data in the EU is governed by the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation
(EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), which came into force in May 2018, and related data protection laws in individual EU Member States.
The GDPR imposes a number of strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to process, including collecting, analyzing and transferring,
personal data of individuals, in particular with respect to health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. The GDPR includes
requirements relating to the legal basis of the processing (such as consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates), the
information provided to the individuals prior to processing their personal data, the personal data breaches which may have to be notified
to the national data protection authorities and data subjects, the measures to be taken when engaging processors, and the security and
confidentiality of the personal data. EU Member States may also impose additional requirements in relation to health, genetic and biometric
data through their national legislation. In addition, the GDPR imposes specific restrictions on the transfer
of personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) that are not considered by the European Commission
(“EC”) to provide an adequate level of data protection. Appropriate safeguards are required to enable such transfers. Among
the appropriate safeguards that can be used, the data exporter may use the standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). When relying
on SCCs, data exporters are also required to conduct a transfer risk assessment to verify if anything in the law and/or practices of the
third country may impinge on the effectiveness of the SCCs in the context of the transfer at stake and, if so, to identify and adopt supplementary
measures that are necessary to bring the level of protection of the data transferred to the EU standard of essential equivalence. Where
no supplementary measure is suitable, the data exporter should avoid, suspend or terminate the transfer. With regard to the transfer of
data from the EEA to the United States, on July 10, 2023, the EC adopted its adequacy decision for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework. On
the basis of the new adequacy decision, personal data can flow from the EEA to U.S. companies participating in the framework. With regard
to the transfer of data from the EU to the United Kingdom (“UK”), personal data may freely flow from the EEA to the UK since
the EC deemed the UK to have an adequate data protection level, and these adequacy decisions were extended in December 2025, and are now
valid until December 27, 2031. Failure to comply with the
requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EU Member States may result in significant monetary fines
for noncompliance of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater, other
administrative penalties and a number of criminal offenses for organizations and, in certain cases, their directors and officers, as well
as civil liability claims from individuals whose personal data was processed. Data protection authorities from the different EU Member
States may still implement certain variations, enforce the GDPR and national data protection laws differently, and introduce additional
national regulations and guidelines, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data in the EU. Furthermore, there are specific requirements relating to processing
health data from clinical trials, including those related to public disclosure obligations provided in the EU Clinical Trials Regulation
No. 536/2014 (“CTR”), European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), data transparency initiatives and voluntary commitments
by industry. Failure to comply with these obligations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us,
harm to our reputation, and adversely impact our business and operating results. Additionally, following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU and the
EEA, companies also have to comply with the UK’s data protection laws (including the UK GDPR (as defined in section 3(10) (as supplemented
by section 205(4)) of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the “DPA 2018”)), the DPA 2018, and related data protection laws in the
UK). In June 2025, the UK’s Data (Use and Access) Act took effect, which introduces certain relatively minor amendments to the data
protection regime in the UK, and therefore creates slight divergences between the EU and UK Data protection regimes. Separate from the
fines that can be imposed by the GDPR, the UK regime has the ability to fine up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of global
turnover. 28 Companies are subject to specific transfer data sharing and transfer
rules under the UK regime which broadly mirror the GDPR rules. We therefore also apply or rely on third parties to implement data sharing
and cross-border transfer mechanisms and safeguards, as set out above, in these contexts. On February 2, 2022, the UK Secretary of State
laid before the UK Parliament the international data transfer agreement (“IDTA”) and the international data transfer addendum
to the EC’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers (Addendum) and a document setting out transitional provisions.
The IDTA and Addendum came into force on March 21, 2022 and replaced the old SCCs for the purposes of the UK regime. Regarding transfers from
the UK to the EEA, personal data may flow freely since the EEA is deemed to have an adequate data protection level for purposes of the
UK regime. With regard to the transfer of personal data from the UK to the United States, the UK government has adopted an adequacy decision
for the United States, the UK-US Data Bridge, which came into force on October 12, 2023. The UK-US Data Bridge recognizes the United States
as offering an adequate level of data protection where the transfer is to a U.S. company participating in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework
and the UK Extension. The EU has also recently implemented a number of cybersecurity laws,
some of which are applicable to the healthcare industry. For example, the Network and Information Security Directive (Directive (EU) 2022/2555)
applies to organizations operating in the EU in the healthcare sector and imposes stringent cybersecurity obligations on in-scope organizations,
including in relation to supply chain management and incident reporting. Drug and Biologic Development Process Regardless of where they
are conducted, all clinical trials included in applications for marketing authorization (“MA”) for human medicines in the
EU/EEA must have been carried out in accordance with EU regulations. This means that clinical trials conducted in the EU/EEA have to comply
with EU clinical trial legislation but also that clinical trials conducted outside the EU/EEA have to comply with ethical principles equivalent
to those set out in the EEA, including adhering to international good clinical practice and the Declaration of Helsinki. The conduct of
clinical trials in the EU is governed by the CTR, which entered into force on January 31, 2022. The CTR replaced the Clinical Trials Directive
2001/20/EC (“Clinical Trials Directive”) and introduced a complete overhaul of the existing regulation of clinical trials
for medicinal products in the EU. The EU Clinical Trials Regulation,
which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive and has been in force since 2022, aims to harmonize and streamline clinical trial processes
across Member States through a centralized application system, the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS), enabling sponsors to submit
a single application for approval. One national regulatory authority, designated as the reporting Member State, leads the validation and
evaluation of applications in consultation with other concerned Member States. Applications may be amended and resubmitted if rejected,
and approved trials may commence in all relevant Member States, although individual states retain the right to “opt out” in
limited circumstances. The Regulation also simplifies safety reporting rules, introduces enhanced transparency requirements such as mandatory
submission of trial results summaries to the EU Database. Since January 31, 2023, all initial clinical trial applications must be submitted
through CTIS which now serves as the single entry point for clinical trial-related information and data. By January 31, 2025, all ongoing
trials approved under the former Clinical Trials Directive must transition to CTIS and comply with the CTR. On July 19, 2023, the EC published
guidance for this transition, clarifying that previously assessed documentation will not be reassessed, EU-endorsed templates do not require
updates, and site suitability forms are only needed for new trial sites. Under the CTR, clinical trials must comply with national laws, regulations,
and the applicable GCP and GLP standards, and the International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals
for Human Use (“ICH”) guidelines on Good Clinical Practice, as well as the ethical principles outlined in the Declaration of
Helsinki. 29 During the development of a medicinal product, the EMA and national
regulators within the EU provide the opportunity for dialogue and guidance on the development program. At the EMA level, this is usually
done in the form of scientific advice, which is given by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”) on the
recommendation of the Scientific Advice Working Party. A fee is incurred with each scientific advice procedure, but is significantly reduced
for designated orphan medicines. Advice from the EMA is typically provided based on questions concerning, for example, quality (chemistry,
manufacturing and controls testing), nonclinical testing and clinical studies, and pharmacovigilance plans and risk-management programs.
Advice is not legally binding with regard to any future Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”) of the product concerned. Drug Marketing Authorization In the EEA, after completion of all required clinical testing, pharmaceutical
products may only be placed on the market after obtaining an MA. To obtain an MA of a drug under EU regulatory systems, an applicant can
submit an MAA through, amongst others, a centralized or decentralized procedure, as detailed below. Centralized Authorization Procedure The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single MA that
is issued by the EC following the scientific assessment of the application by the EMA that is valid for all EU Member States as well as
in the three additional EEA Member States (Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). The centralized procedure is compulsory for specific medicinal
products, including for medicines developed by means of certain biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products,
advanced therapy medicinal products (gene therapy, somatic cell therapy or tissue engineered medicines) and medicinal products with a
new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases (HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune
and viral diseases). For medicinal products containing a new active substance for indications that do not fall within the mandatory centralized
procedure, they are eligible for centralized assessment if they constitute significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovations
or for which the grant of a MA through the centralized procedure would be in the interest of public health at EU level. Under the centralized procedure,
the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”) established at the EMA is responsible for the initial assessment
of an MAA. The CHMP also oversees the scientific assessment of various post-authorization and maintenance activities, including the assessment
of variations or extensions to an existing MA. The standard timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA’s CHMP is 210 days
from receipt of a valid MAA, excluding clock stops for the applicant to provide additional written or oral information in response to
questions asked by the CHMP. As a result, the overall process typically takes a year or more, unless the application is eligible for an
accelerated assessment. Accelerated evaluation might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected
to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. Upon request, the CHMP may reduce
the time frame to 150 days if the applicant provides sufficient justification for an accelerated assessment. The CHMP will provide a positive
opinion regarding the application only if it meets the required standards for quality, safety and efficacy. This opinion is then transmitted
to the EC, which has the ultimate authority for granting MA. 30 Decentralized Authorization Procedure The decentralized procedure permits companies to file identical MAAs
for a medicinal product not falling within the mandatory centralized procedure to the competent authorities in various EU Member States
simultaneously if such medicinal product has not received marketing approval in any EU Member State. In this procedure, the reference
member state is appointed to lead the scientific review for the agreement with the competent authorities of the other EU Member States
concerned by the procedure. A member state may refuse to accept the assessment provided by the reference member state on grounds of a
potential serious risk to public health that is defined as a situation where there is a significant probability that a serious hazard
resulting from a human medicinal product in the context of its proposed use will affect public health. Risk Management Plan All new MAAs must include a Risk Management Plan (“RMP”)
describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated
with the product. RMPs are continually modified and updated throughout the lifetime of the medicine as new information becomes available.
An updated RMP must be submitted: (i) at the request of EMA or a national competent authority, or (ii) whenever the risk-management system
is modified, especially as the result of new information being received that may lead to a significant change to the benefit-risk profile
or as a result of an important pharmacovigilance or risk-minimization milestone being reached. The regulatory authorities may also impose
specific obligations as a condition of the MA. All RMPs for centrally authorized products are published by the EMA, subject only to limited
redactions. MA Validity Period MAs have an initial duration
of five years. After these five years, the authorization may subsequently be renewed on the basis of a reevaluation of the risk-benefit
balance. Once renewed, the MA is valid for an unlimited period unless the EC or the national competent authority decides, on justified
grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with only one additional five-year renewal. Applications for renewal must be made to
the EMA at least nine months before the five-year period expires. Any authorization which is
not followed by the actual placing of the drug on the EU market (in case of centralized procedure) or on the market of the authorizing
member state within three years after authorization ceases to be valid. The UK applies a rule, consistent
with directly applicable EU law, requiring that nationally approved medicinal products must be placed on the market within three years
from the date the marketing authorization is granted. When the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) becomes aware
that the three-year period is approaching expiry, it will notify the marketing authorization holder in advance that the authorization
will cease to be valid if the product is not marketed within the required timeframe. The MHRA provides notification to the marketing authorization
holder in both scenarios referenced previously: first, where a product has held a marketing authorization for three years but has not
been placed on the market at all; and second, where a product was previously marketed but has subsequently not been placed on the market
for a consecutive period of three years. This process ensures compliance with regulatory requirements and maintains the integrity of the
national medicines supply. 31 Following the UK’s exit from the EU, the three-year “sunset clause”
for centrally authorized products in the UK was effectively reset from the date of conversion (January 1, 2021). This means that any product
not placed on the market in Great Britain by early 2024 risked losing its validity unless the appropriate notification was made. The Medicines
and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) is responsible for managing this process for UK marketing authorizations (PLGB MAs),
requiring marketing authorization holders to provide updates on the marketing status of their products. The Windsor Framework agreement
establishes that, effective from January 1, 2025, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) will serve as the sole
regulatory authority for approving medicines for the entire UK market, encompassing both Northern Ireland and Great Britain. Under the
new arrangements, a unified UK-wide authorization process will apply, ensuring that medicines in Northern Ireland are regulated by the
MHRA in the same manner as in Great Britain. On the other hand, for the
EU, in the case the drug has been marketed in the UK, the placing on the UK market before the end of the period starting when the UK left
the EU on January 31, 2020 and ending on December 31, 2020 (the “Brexit Transition Period”) will be taken into account. If,
after the end of the Brexit Transition Period, the drug is not placed on any other market of the remaining EU Member States, the three-year
period will start running from the last date the drug was placed on the UK market before the end of the Brexit Transition Period. Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products In the EU, medicinal products, including ATMPs are subject to extensive
pre- and post-market regulation by regulatory authorities at both the EU and national levels. ATMPs comprise gene therapy products, somatic
cell therapy products and tissue engineered products, which are genes, cells or tissues that have undergone substantial manipulation and
that are administered to human beings in order to cure, diagnose or prevent diseases or regenerate, repair or replace a human tissue.
Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1394/2007, the Committee for Advanced Therapies (“CAT”) is responsible in conjunction with
the CHMP for the evaluation of ATMPs. The CHMP and CAT are also responsible for providing guidelines on ATMPs. These guidelines provide
additional guidance on the factors that the EMA will consider in relation to the development and evaluation of ATMPs and include, among
other things, the preclinical studies required to characterize ATMPs. Although such guidelines are not legally binding, compliance with
them is often necessary to gain and maintain approval for product candidates. In addition to the mandatory
RMP, the holder of a MA for an ATMP must put in place and maintain a system to ensure that each individual product and its starting and
raw materials, including all substances coming into contact with the cells or tissues it may contain, can be traced through the sourcing,
manufacturing, packaging, storage, transport and delivery to the relevant healthcare institution where the product is used. Exceptional Circumstances and Conditional Approval Similar to accelerated approval
regulations in the United States, conditional MAs can be granted in the EU in exceptional circumstances. A conditional MA can be granted
for medicinal products where, although comprehensive clinical data referring to the safety and efficacy of the medicinal product have
not been supplied, a number of criteria are fulfilled: (i) the benefit/risk balance of the product is positive, (ii) it is likely that
the applicant will be in a position to provide the comprehensive clinical data, (iii) unmet medical needs will be fulfilled by the grant
of the MA and (iv) the benefit to public health of the immediate availability on the market of the medicinal product concerned outweighs
the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. Once a conditional MA has been granted, the MA holder must fulfil
specific obligations within defined timelines. A conditional MA is valid for one year and must be renewed annually, but it can be converted
into a standard MA once the MA holder fulfils the obligations imposed and the complete data confirm that the medicine’s benefits
continue to outweigh its risks. Data and Market Exclusivity Under EU pharmaceutical law, reference medicinal products are granted
8 years of data exclusivity, during which generic and biosimilar manufacturers cannot rely on the originator’s non-clinical and
clinical data for regulatory approval. This is followed by 2 years of marketing exclusivity, preventing generics and biosimilars from
entering the market for a total of 10 years. If, within the first 8 years, the reference product is approved for a new indication that
provides significant clinical benefit, the exclusivity period may be extended to 11 years. These rules ensure that generics and biosimilars
cannot seek approval or enter the market until the exclusivity periods have expired, balancing incentives for innovation with future market
competition. 32 A reference medicinal product
for data and marketing exclusivity typically contains a new active substance and requires a full dossier, including pharmaceutical, non-clinical,
and clinical trial data, for approval. The European Medicines Agency (EMA), based on the scientific assessment and opinion of its Committee
for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP), determines whether a product contains a new active substance. Data and marketing exclusivity
do not prevent other companies from generating their own data through independent development to demonstrate the safety, quality, and
efficacy of their own products. Recent reforms introduced
through the EU Pharma Package and the proposed Biotech Act bring significant changes, including streamlined authorization procedures,
enhanced measures for access and affordability, stricter management of medicine shortages, strengthened post-market surveillance, and
new requirements addressing environmental and ethical considerations. These initiatives are designed to modernize and harmonize medicines
regulation, facilitate patient access to innovative therapies, and provide robust oversight of emerging technologies across the EU. The legislative process for the EU Pharma Package began with the European
Commission’s proposal in April 2023, followed by the development of positions by the European Parliament and the Council. This culminated
in Trilogue negotiations, with a political agreement reached in December 2025. The agreed text now awaits formal adoption by both the
Parliament and Council, after which it will be published in the Official Journal of the EU. The new Directive and Regulation will then
enter into force following a transition period of 18 to 36 months, ultimately modernizing EU pharmaceutical law to better support innovation,
access, and supply. Under the agreed EU Pharma Package, companies launching new medicines will benefit from eight years of data protection
and one year of market exclusivity, with a possible additional year for innovative products meeting specific criteria. Pediatric Development In the EU, companies developing
a new medicinal product are obligated to study their product in children and must therefore submit a PIP together with a request for agreement
to the EMA. The EMA issues a decision on the PIP based on an opinion of the EMA’s Pediatric Committee. Companies must conduct pediatric
clinical trials in accordance with the PIP approved by the EMA, unless a deferral (e.g. until enough information to demonstrate its effectiveness
and safety in adults is available) or waiver (e.g. because the relevant disease or condition occurs only in adults) has been granted by
the EMA. The MAA for the medicinal product must include the results of all pediatric clinical trials performed and details of all information
collected in compliance with the approved PIP, unless a waiver or a deferral has been granted, in which case the pediatric clinical trials
may be completed at a later date. Medicinal products that are granted an MA on the basis of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in
accordance with the approved PIP are eligible for a six-month extension of the protection under a supplementary protection certificate
(if any is in effect at the time of approval), or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of the orphan market
exclusivity. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the
approved PIP are developed and submitted. An approved PIP is also required when a MA holder wants to add a new indication, medicinal form
or route of administration for a medicine that is already authorized and covered by intellectual property rights. In the UK, the MHRA has established a closely aligned process, frequently
accepting agreed EU PIPs and decisions to streamline UK submissions. However, the MHRA maintains UK-specific requirements, such as the
need for a UK PIP for new medicines. 33 Post-Approval Regulation Similar to the United States,
both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products in the EU are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the EC
and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the EU Member States. The regulatory oversight covers every stage of the authorization
process, from initial grant of an approval to ongoing monitoring of compliance with EU cGMPs, manufacturing authorizations, pharmacovigilance
rules and requirements governing advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, recordkeeping, importing, and exporting of medicinal
products. These regulatory requirements
are designed to ensure that the safety, quality, and efficacy standards of medicinal products are consistently maintained throughout their
lifecycle. Failure by us or by any of our third-party partners, including suppliers, manufacturers and distributors to comply with EU
laws and the related national laws of individual EU Member States governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA
of medicinal products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of MA, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption
or other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal sanctions. These include delays or refusal
to authorize the conduct of clinical trials or to grant MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, withdrawal or suspension
of authorizations, restrictions on regulated activities such as production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating
restrictions, and financial penalties. The holder of an MA for a
medicinal product must also comply with EU pharmacovigilance legislation and its related regulations and guidelines, which entail many
requirements for conducting pharmacovigilance, or the assessment and monitoring of the safety of medicinal products. These pharmacovigilance rules
require holders of MAs the obligation to develop a system capable of collecting, collating, assessing, and reporting post-authorization
data to monitor the ongoing risks and benefits of marketed medicinal products, as well as the requirement to conduct additional clinical
studies or post-authorization safety or efficacy studies to address uncertainties about the risk-benefit balance, or to measure the effectiveness
of risk-management measures. Such post-authorization measures may be time-consuming and expensive and could impact our profitability.
MA holders must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system designed to monitor the safety of authorized medicinal products and
detect any change to their risk-benefit balance and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance, who is responsible for
the oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of unexpected serious adverse reactions and submission of Periodic
Safety Update Reports (“PSURs”) in relation to medicinal products for which they hold MAs. The EMA reviews PSURs for medicinal
products authorized through the centralized procedure. If the EMA, based on the scientific assessment conducted by its advisory committees,
determines that the risk-benefit profile of a product has changed, it may issue an opinion recommending suspension, withdrawal, or variation
of the existing MA. The scientific opinion must be ratified by the EC in a legally binding decision. If the MA holder fails to meet the
obligations set out in the EC’s decision, the validity of the MA may be compromised. For centrally authorized products, non-compliance
with pharmacovigilance requirements can result in regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties imposed by the EC. More generally, non-compliance with pharmacovigilance obligations can
lead to the variation, suspension or withdrawal of the MA for the product or imposition of financial penalties or other enforcement measures. 34 The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products in the EU is
highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they believe do not comply with regulations. Manufacturing
requires a manufacturing authorization, and the manufacturing authorization holder must comply with various requirements set out in the
applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including Directive 2001/83/EC, Directive 2003/94/EC (repealed by Directive 2017/1572 on
January 31, 2022), Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 and the European Commission Guidelines for Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”).
These requirements include compliance with EU cGMP standards when manufacturing pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients,
including the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients outside of the EU with the intention to import the active pharmaceutical
ingredients into the EU. Amendments or replacements of at least Directive 2001/83/EC and Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 are part of the reform
proposal for European pharmaceutical legislation. Similarly, the distribution of pharmaceutical products into and within the EU is subject
to compliance with the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidelines, including the requirement to hold appropriate authorizations for
distribution granted by the competent authorities of the EU Member States. The manufacturer or importer must have a qualified person who
is responsible for certifying that each batch of product has been manufactured in accordance with GMP and the terms of a marketing authorization
or clinical trial authorization, before releasing the product for commercial distribution in the EU or for use in a clinical trial. Manufacturing
facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the competent authorities for compliance with GMP. Advertising and Promotion Regulations The advertising and promotion
of our products is also subject to EU laws concerning promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians, misleading and comparative
advertising and unfair commercial practices. In addition, other national legislation of individual EU Member States may apply to the advertising
and promotion of medicinal products and may differ from one country to another. These laws require that promotional materials and advertising
in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s SmPC as approved by the competent regulatory authorities. The SmPC is
the document that provides information to physicians concerning the safe and effective use of the medicinal product. It forms an intrinsic
and integral part of the MA granted for the medicinal product. Promotion of a medicinal product that does not comply with the SmPC is
considered to constitute off-label promotion. All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved
SmPC and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription-only medicines is also prohibited
in the EU. Violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the EU could be penalized by administrative measures,
fines and imprisonment. These laws may further limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and
may also impose limitations on its promotional activities with healthcare professionals. EU regulation with regards
to dispensing, sale and purchase of medicines has generally been preserved in the UK following Brexit, through the Human Medicines Regulations
2012. However, organizations wishing to sell medicines online need to register with the MHRA. Following Brexit, the requirements to display
the common logo no longer apply to UK-based online sellers, except for those established in Northern Ireland. Anti-Corruption Legislation In the EU, interactions between
pharmaceutical companies and physicians are also governed by strict laws, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians’
codes of professional conduct both at EU level and in the individual EU Member States. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians
to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is prohibited
in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of the EU Member States.
Violation of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. Payments made to physicians
in certain EU Member States also must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians must often be the subject of prior notification
and approval by the physician’s employer, his/her regulatory professional organization, and/or the competent authorities of the
individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes, or professional codes of conduct, applicable
in the individual EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative
penalties, fines or imprisonment. In the UK, the pharmaceutical
sector is recognized as being particularly vulnerable to corrupt practices, some of which fall within the scope of the Bribery Act 2010.
Due to the Bribery Act 2010’s far-reaching territorial application, the potential penalized act does not have to occur in the UK
to become within its scope. If the act or omission does not take place in the UK, but the person’s act or omission would constitute
an offense if carried out there and the person has a close connection with the UK, an offense will still have been committed. 35 The Bribery Act 2010 is comprised
of four offenses that cover (i) individuals, companies and partnerships that give, promise or offer bribes, (ii) individuals, companies
and partnerships that request, agree to receive or accept bribes, (iii) individuals, companies and partnerships that bribe foreign public
officials, and (iv) companies and partnerships that fail to prevent persons acting on their behalf from paying bribes. The penalties imposed
under the Bribery Act 2010 depend on the offence committed, harm and culpability and penalties range from unlimited fines to imprisonment
for a maximum term of ten years and in some cases both. Regulations in the UK and Other Markets The UK formally left the
EU on January 31, 2020 and EU laws now only apply to the UK in respect of Northern Ireland as laid out in the Protocol on Ireland and
Northern Ireland and as amended by the Windsor Framework sets out a long-term set of arrangements for the supply of medicines into Northern
Ireland. The EU and the UK agreed on a trade and cooperation agreement (“TCA”), which includes provisions affecting the life
sciences sector (including on customs and tariffs). There are some specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, including the mutual
recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP issued documents. The TCA does not, however,
contain wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations and product standards. The UK government has adopted
the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021 (the “MMDA”) to enable the UK’s regulatory frameworks to be updated following
the UK’s departure from the EU. The MMDA introduces regulation-making, delegated powers covering the fields of human medicines,
clinical trials of human medicines, veterinary medicines and medical devices. The MHRA has since been consulting on future regulations
for medicines and medical devices in the UK. For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern
Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement
vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCPs and the applicable regulatory
requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we fail to comply with
applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension of clinical trials, suspension
or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Corporate Information We were formed as a Delaware
corporation in 1992 under the name “Nuvelo, Inc.” and subsequently, in 2009, we completed a business combination with ARCA
biopharma, Inc. On August 29, 2024, we completed the Merger with Pre-Merger Oruka and changed our name from “ARCA biopharma, Inc.”
to “Oruka Therapeutics, Inc.” Our corporate headquarters are located at 855 Oak Grove Avenue, Suite 100, Menlo Park, California
94025. The telephone number at our corporate headquarters is (650) 606-7910. Our corporate website address is www.orukatx.com .
We do not incorporate information contained on, or accessible through, our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should
not consider it part of this Annual Report. Employees and Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025
we had 68 full-time employees of which 51 employees were in research and development and the remaining 17 employees worked in
finance, legal, business development, human resources, and administrative support. All our full-time employees are located in the
United States. We also engage temporary employees and consultants to augment our existing workforce. None of our employees are
represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to
be good. We recognize that attracting,
motivating, and retaining talent at all levels is vital to continuing our success. We invest in our employees through high-quality benefits,
professional development opportunities, and various health and wellness initiatives and offer competitive compensation packages (base
salary and incentive plans), ensuring fairness in internal compensation practices. The principal purposes of our incentive plans (bonus
and equity) are to align with the long-term interests of our stakeholders and stockholders. 36

