TICKER: OWL
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health pandemics. Changes in trade policies, including the imposition of new tariffs or increases in existing tariffs between the United States, Mexico, Canada, China or other countries, or reactionary measures in response thereto including retaliatory tariffs, legal challenges, or currency manipulation, could adversely affect the market conditions in which we operate. These factors are outside of our control and may affect the level and volatility of credit and securities prices and the liquidity and value of fund investments, and we and our products may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions. Global financial markets have experienced heightened volatility in recent periods, including as a result of economic and political events in or affecting the world’s major economies, such as the ongoing wars and conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, as well as political and social unrest in the Middle East and North Africa region. Concerns over economic recession, future increases in inflation, interest rate volatility, fluctuations in oil and gas prices resulting from global production and demand levels and geopolitical tension, have exacerbated market volatility. Market volatility has been further exacerbated by social unrest, changes regarding immigration and work permit policies and other political and security concerns both in the United States and across various international regions. Due to interrelationships within the global financial markets, our business may be adversely affected by such issues both within and outside of the directly affected regions. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, our products’ portfolio companies may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, credit rating downgrades, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs. During such periods, those companies may also have difficulty in pursuing growth strategies, expanding their businesses and operations (including raising additional capital for those that are Partner Managers) and be unable to meet their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including obligations and expenses payable to our products. Negative financial results in our products’ portfolio companies may reduce the net asset value of our products, result in the impairment of assets and reduce the investment returns for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flow or ability to raise additional capital through new or successor products. In addition, such conditions would increase the risk of default with respect to credit-oriented or debt investments by our products or their portfolio companies, which could require our products, or their portfolio companies, to write down investments or foreclose upon the associated assets. Our products may be adversely affected by reduced opportunities to exit and realize value from their investments, by lower than expected returns on investments made prior to the deterioration of the credit markets and by our inability to find suitable investments for our products to effectively deploy capital, which could adversely affect our ability to raise new products and thus adversely impact our prospects for future growth. Future increases in inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our products and their portfolio companies. Certain of our products and their portfolio companies operate in industries that have been impacted by inflation. Ongoing inflationary pressures have increased the costs of labor, energy and raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our products’ portfolio companies’ operations. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in the costs of their operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results. Such conditions would increase the risk of default on their obligations as a borrower. In addition, any projected future decreases in the operating results of our products’ portfolio companies due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our products’ investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses. 25 Table of Contents Fluctuations in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business and that of our products’ portfolio companies. Fluctuations in interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity, the financial condition of our customers and the financial condition of the end customers who ultimately create demand for the capital we supply, all of which could negatively affect demand for our products’ capital. In addition, lower interest rates may increase prepayment risk for our clients’ investments in assets with higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve decreased the federal funds rate three times in 2025. Although the Federal Reserve has signaled the potential for additional federal funds rate cuts, there remains uncertainty around the rate and timing of decreases. Uncertainty surrounding future Federal Reserve actions may have a material effect on our business making it particularly difficult for us to obtain financing at attractive rates, impacting our ability to execute on our growth strategies or future acquisitions. In addition, because our products borrow money and may issue debt securities to make investments, our products’ net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which they borrow funds or pay interest on such debt securities and the rate at which they invest those funds. In periods of declining interest rates, our products may earn less interest income from investments during such lower rate environment. Risks Related to Investment Management Management fees and other fees comprise a substantial majority of our revenues and a reduction in such fees could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the level of cash available for distributions to our stockholders. Regulated Products The investment advisory and management agreements we have with each of our Regulated Products categorize the fees we receive as: (a) base management fees, which are paid quarterly and generally increase or decrease based on the average fair value of our Regulated Products’ gross assets (excluding, in certain cases, cash and cash equivalents) or average fair value of gross assets (excluding cash) plus undrawn commitments, (b) Part I Fees and (c) in the case of our BDCs, Part II Fees. We classify the Part I Fees as management fees because they are predictable and recurring in nature, not subject to contingent repayment and generally cash-settled each quarter. If any of our Regulated Products’ gross assets or net investment income (before Part I Fees and Part II Fees) were to decline significantly for any reason, including, without limitation, due to fair value accounting requirements, the poor performance of its investments, an increase in the number of investors participating in tender offers, or the inability or increased cost to obtain or maintain borrowings for each of our Regulated Products, the amount of the fees we receive from our Regulated Products, including the base management fee and the Part I Fees, would also decline significantly, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. We may also, from time to time, (a) waive or voluntarily defer any fees payable to us by our Regulated Products or any Regulated Products that we may manage after the date hereof and (b) restructure any existing fee waivers in place with our Regulated Products so that such of our Regulated Products will be obligated to pay fee amounts that are less than the full fee amounts owed to us pursuant to the terms of the applicable investment advisory and management agreements between us and such Regulated Product, and the duration and extent of such waivers and deferrals in each of (a) and (b) may need to be significant to support continued fundraising. In addition to those arrangements, we have entered into and in the future may enter into expense supporting arrangements with certain of our BDCs under which we pay or reimburse certain expenses of our BDCs in order to support their target dividend payments, and we have entered into and in the future may enter into contractual expense limitation agreements with OWLCX in which we waive fees we would otherwise be paid and/or assume expenses of OWLCX so that certain specified expenses do not exceed a set threshold. Furthermore, we have reimbursed, and may in the future pay for or reimburse, certain expenses of our BDCs relating to one-time transaction costs. Our investment advisory and management agreements with our BDCs renew for successive annual periods, and will also renew on an annual basis for OWLCX following an initial two-year term, subject to the approval of the applicable Regulated Product’s board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, including a separate vote of a majority of such Regulated Product’s independent directors or independent trustees, as applicable, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of such Regulated Product’s outstanding voting securities. In addition, as required by the Investment Company Act, the investment advisory and management agreements with our Regulated Products may be terminated without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other party. Termination or non-renewal of any of these agreements would reduce our revenues significantly and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Private Funds For our other non-Regulated Product Credit products, as well as certain Real Assets products and GP Strategic Capital products, which we refer to as our private funds, we enter into investment advisory and management agreements whereby we generally 26 Table of Contents receive base management fees from the inception of such fund through the liquidation of such fund or, for certain of our products, for a set period. Non-Regulated Product Credit products generally have a base management fee that is typically based on a percentage of gross asset value (which, if applicable, includes the portion of such investments purchased with leverage) although our alternative credit products generally have a management fee that is typically based on net invested capital, whereas our GP Strategic Capital products generally have a management fee that is initially a set percentage of capital committed by investors, and then, following a step down event (generally either the end of the investment period or, for certain funds, when the fund’s commitments become substantially invested or drawn), is adjusted to a lower percentage of the fund’s cost of unrealized investments, subject to impairment losses for certain funds. While GP Strategic Capital funds are not required to realize assets as of any date, if and to the extent a liquidity event occurs prior to the management fee end date, this could cause a reduction in the amount of management fees we are otherwise entitled to receive. Further, any realization of assets will be within the control of certain of our employees who separately own an interest in a portion of the carried interest and who therefore may have an incentive to effect a realization earlier than one otherwise would expect without such carried interest ownership. With respect to our Real Assets products, our Permanent Capital vehicles have a management fee that is typically based on a percentage of net asset value, and our closed-end vehicles generally have a management fee that is initially a set percentage of capital committed by investors plus a set percentage of the fund’s invested capital with respect to unrealized investments, and then, following a step down event (generally the end of the investment period or commencement of a successor fund), is adjusted to the same or in some cases a lower percentage of the fund’s invested capital with respect to unrealized investments. Following a management fee step down event, the management fee we receive will be reduced when a fund realizes investments or in certain cases when there are permanent changes to the cost basis of unrealized investments. As our private funds generally have end dates for paying management fees, our revenues will decline in respect of such funds if we are unable to successfully raise successor funds to replace the management fee payments that terminate on the older funds or such successor funds do not generate fees at the same rate due to their size and/or fee structure. Further, to the extent we are unable to meet anticipated fundraising targets or if there are significant redemptions, our ability to collect management fees will be impaired. Additionally, given that such management fees are often based on gross asset value, acquisition costs or invested capital, either throughout the fund term or the portion of the term following the investment period, the management fee received in respect of such fund will be reduced when a fund realizes investments or if the value of an investment is impaired, as and to the extent specified in the fund’s governing documents. During the investment period of many funds, the fund expects to actively recycle capital into new investments, which would have the impact of replacing investments that have been realized during the investment period, but there are many factors that may limit our ability to effectively recycle capital and realize the full fee potential of any particular fund, including availability of new investments suitable to a particular fund’s strategy. Further, our right to receive management fees can be impaired by certain actions of investors in a private fund. Our private funds generally provide investors with the right to terminate such fund on both a for-cause basis and a no-fault basis, and may also provide for the right to remove us as manager of a fund for cause or on a no-fault basis and/or the right to create an early step down event with respect to a fund on a for cause basis. If investors in a private fund exercised their right to vote for an early termination, we would typically continue to receive management fees through the liquidation of such fund. However, as a result of such vote, we could face pressure to liquidate investments earlier than we otherwise believe is appropriate to maximize the value of such investment. Certain funds also provide investors with the right to remove the general partner of such fund for cause or on a no-fault basis. Upon the removal of the general partner of a fund becoming effective, the investment advisory and management agreement in respect of such fund will cease to exist and our rights to payment of management fees will terminate. In some cases, investors may also have the right to redeem after certain periods of time or following regulatory or key person concerns, which would also reduce the base on which fees are charged. In other cases, after an initial lock up period, investors may issue redemption notices with respect to their interests; as such interests are redeemed, the fees will decrease unless we are able to find new investors to replace those redeeming. Notwithstanding the formulas for calculating management fees provided in the governing documents for our products, Blue Owl has provided (and expects to provide in the future) discounts or fee holidays to investors on such fees based on the size of their commitments to the fund (or Blue Owl products generally), the timing of their commitments to the fund or other factors that Blue Owl deems relevant. Certain investors are effectively given management fee discounts through specified interests and discounts with respect to carried interest or performance income through the grant of participation rights, fee rebates or revenue shares. Although such discounts will typically be awarded in circumstances where Blue Owl management believes there will ultimately be long-term benefits to Blue Owl, there can be no assurance that the ultimate benefit attained will be commensurate with the discount awarded, or as to how long it may take to recoup such value. Additionally, Blue Owl may not be able to maintain its current fee structure as a result of increased transparency required by SEC rules or industry pressure from product investors to reduce fees. More recently, institutional investors have been increasing pressure to reduce management and incentive fees charged by external managers, whether through direct fee discounts as described in this paragraph, deferrals, 27 Table of Contents rebates or by other means. As a result, Blue Owl may need to provide discounts more broadly to investors or reduce fees to meet such industry pressures, which reduction in fees may be further exacerbated by discount expectations of existing investors. Other Fee Income We also receive fee income for providing services to our products or certain portfolio companies of our products. Such services include arrangement, syndication, origination, capital markets, structuring analysis, capital structure and business plan advice and other services. Certain types of transaction-related fees are required to be distributed to Blue Owl products and other products under the terms of our Co-investment Exemptive Order, as discussed below in “—Conflicts of Interest—Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities,” or are required to be distributed to investors in our products or offset against management fees that would otherwise be payable pursuant to the terms of the governing agreements of the relevant vehicles, while other types of related fees may be retained by us with no offset against management fees and contribute to our revenues and, ultimately, to our net income. We may decide not to seek those fees for any reason, including market conditions and expectations. Our ability to receive and retain those fees, and to continue to receive and retain those fees in the future, is dependent on the terms we negotiate with investors in our products, our ability to successfully negotiate for those fees with underlying portfolio companies, the permissibility of receiving and retaining those fees under the relevant legal and regulatory frameworks, and our business determination to negotiate for those fees. As a result, any change to the willingness of portfolio companies to bear those fees, the terms of our products that permit us to receive and retain those fees, the legal and regulatory framework in which we operate or our willingness to negotiate for those fees with portfolio companies of our products, could result in a decrease to our revenues and net income, and ultimately decrease the value of our common stock and our dividends to our stockholders. In addition, the fees generated are typically dependent on transaction frequency and volume, and a slowdown in the pace or size of investments by our products could adversely affect the amount of fees generated. Our growth depends in large part on our ability to raise new and successor products. If we were unable to raise such products, the growth of our FPAUM and management fees, and ability to deploy capital into investments, would slow or decrease. A significant portion of our revenue from our products in any given period is dependent on the size of our FPAUM in such period and fee rates charged on the FPAUM. We may not be successful in procuring investment returns and prioritizing services that will allow us to maintain our current fee structure, to maintain or grow our FPAUM, or to generate performance income. A decline in the size or pace of growth of FPAUM or applicable fee rates will reduce our revenues. A decline in the size or pace of growth of FPAUM or applicable fee rates may result from a range of factors, including: • Volatile economic and market conditions, which could cause product investors to delay making new commitments to alternative investment funds or limit the ability of our existing products to deploy capital; • Intense competition among alternative asset managers may make fundraising and the deployment of capital more difficult, thereby limiting our ability to grow or maintain our FPAUM. Competition may be amplified by changes in investors allocating increased amounts of capital away from alternative asset managers; and • Poor performance of one or more of our products, either relative to market benchmarks or in absolute terms (e.g., based on market value or net asset value of our BDCs’ shares or net asset value of OWLCX’s shares), or compared to our competitors may cause product investors to regard our products less favorably than those of our competitors, thereby adversely affecting our ability to raise new or successor products. The investment management business is intensely competitive. The investment management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, business relationships, quality of service provided to clients, product investor liquidity, fund terms (including fees and economic sharing arrangements), brand recognition and business reputation. Maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and retaining product investors and for maintaining our relationships with our regulators, sponsors, Partner Managers, potential co-investors and joint venture partners, as applicable. See also “—Risks Related to Macroeconomic Factors—Difficult market and geopolitical conditions may reduce the value or hamper the performance of the investments made by our products or impair the ability of our products to raise or deploy capital.” Our products compete with a number of specialized funds, corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, real estate companies, insurance companies, commercial banks, investment banks, other investment managers and other financial institutions, including certain of our stockholders, as well as domestic and international pension funds and sovereign wealth funds, and we expect that competition will continue to increase. 28 Table of Contents Numerous factors increase our competitive risks, including, but not limited to: • Some of our competitors may have, or are perceived to have, more expertise or financial, technical, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do; • Some of our products may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products; • Some of our competitors have raised significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities; • Some of our competitors may have lower fees or alternative fee arrangements that potential investors may find more appealing; • Some of our competitors may be willing to pay higher placement, servicing or other forms of distributor fees in order to broaden distribution of their private wealth products, which may adversely impact the amount of capital we are able to raise in the private wealth channel; • Some of our competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to our products, including our products that directly use leverage or rely on debt financing of their portfolio investments to generate superior investment returns; • Some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds than us, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us or to agree to less restrictive legal terms and protections for investments that we want to make; • Some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation or fewer conflicts of interest and, accordingly, may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we do, bear less compliance expense than we do or be viewed differently in the marketplace; • Some of our competitors offer greater liquidity to investors in their products; • Some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising and deploying certain types of products under the investment management contracts they have negotiated with their product investors; • Some of our competitors may offer broader investment offerings and more partnership opportunities to portfolio companies than we are able to offer; and • Some of our competitors have instituted or may institute low-cost high speed financial applications and services based on artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies (collectively, “AI technologies”) and new competitors may enter the asset management space using new investment platforms based on AI technologies. Certain of our strategic relationship investors (including early-stage investors in new products) may be granted the right to participate in the net profits or gross revenues or receive rebates. Certain investors in our products have been granted, and may in the future receive various forms of, participation rights with respect to certain products or strategies, including, but not limited to, the right to the net profits or gross revenues of certain products. To the extent gross revenue participations or similar arrangements are offered, they will reduce the revenue earned by us, but we will continue to bear all applicable expenses, even if the product is not generating positive cash flow. We may also offer our employees the opportunity to participate in certain types of these arrangements in certain circumstances as a way of compensating or incentivizing employees. There is generally no limitation on the size or the duration of future economic sharing arrangements. In addition, in the ordinary course we may offer fee discounts to investors in existing and future products and we expect to continue to waive fees for many or all of our co-investments. We currently expect, at least in certain instances, to continue to offer these economic sharing arrangements to our strategic relationship investors (which may include certain of our stockholders) in the future, which may reduce the revenues ultimately earned by us in respect of these products. Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our clients and/or investors could negatively impact our client and investor relationships, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. When clients retain us to manage assets on their behalf, they specify certain guidelines regarding investment allocation and strategy that we are required to observe in the management of their portfolios. Similarly, investors in our products often require certain investment restrictions or limitations be included in their side letters or related governing documents that we are contractually obligated to observe in the management of such investors’ interests in the applicable products. Our failure to 29 Table of Contents comply with these guidelines, restrictions and other limitations could result in clients terminating their investment management agreement with us or investors seeking to withdraw from our products, as well as regulatory scrutiny. Clients or investors could also sue us for breach of contract and seek to recover damages from us, which could negatively impact our reputation. In addition, such guidelines may restrict our ability to pursue certain investments and strategies on behalf of our clients or limit an investor’s exposure to such investments and strategies that we believe are economically desirable, which could similarly result in losses to a client account or investor capital account or termination or potential withdrawal of the account or investor and a corresponding reduction in AUM. Even if we comply with all applicable investment guidelines, restrictions and limitations, a client or investor may be dissatisfied with its investment performance or our services or fees, and may terminate their customized separate accounts or advisory accounts, seek to withdraw from our funds or be unwilling to commit new capital to our specialized funds, customized separate accounts or advisory accounts. Any of these events could cause our earnings to decline and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Products The historical returns attributable to our products should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our products or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in our Class A Shares. We have presented returns relating to the historical performance of the products we manage and certain targets of our future performance, including by reference to the internal rate of return (“IRR”) of certain products’ performance using a gross IRR and a net IRR calculation. The historical performance of our products is relevant to us primarily insofar as it is indicative of our reputation and ability to raise new products. The historical and potential returns of the products we advise are not, however, directly linked to returns on shares of our Class A Shares. Therefore, holders of our Class A Shares should not conclude that positive performance of the products we advise will necessarily result in positive returns on a return on investment in our Class A Shares. However, poor performance of our products we advise would likely cause a decline in our revenues and would therefore likely have a negative effect on our operating results, returns on our Class A Shares and a negative impact on our ability to raise new products. Also, there is no assurance that projections in respect of our products or unrealized valuations will be realized. Moreover, the historical returns of our products should not be considered indicative of the future returns of these or from any future products we may raise. Target performance metrics relating to future returns, such as IRR, for any current or future product may vary considerably from the historical performance generated by any particular product, or for our products as a whole. Future returns will also be affected by the risks described elsewhere in this report, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular product invests. Valuation methodologies for certain assets of our products can be subject to subjectivity, and our valuation of an asset may differ materially from the value ultimately realized. Many of the investments in our products are illiquid and thus have no readily ascertainable market prices. We value these investments based on our estimate, or an independent third party’s estimate, of their fair value as of the date of determination, which often involves significant subjectivity. There is no single standard for determining fair value and in many cases fair value is best expressed as a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived. Our products generally value their investments quarterly at fair value, based on, among other things, the input of third party valuation firms and taking into account the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company’s ability to make payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company operates, comparison to publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow, current market interest rates and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities, private companies and privately owned real estate, are inherently uncertain, the valuations may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time due to changes in current market conditions. A fund’s net asset value could be adversely affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of the investments were materially higher than the values that are ultimately realized upon the disposal of such investments. These valuations could, in turn, affect the management fees or performance income that we receive. The use of leverage by our products may materially increase the returns of such products but may also result in significant losses or a total loss of capital. Our products, particularly our Credit and Real Assets products, use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and certain products regularly borrow a substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry securities or debt obligations or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The use of leverage by our products increases the volatility of investments by 30 Table of Contents magnifying the potential for gain or loss on invested equity capital. If the value of a fund’s assets were to decrease, leverage would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would if the fund had not employed leverage. Similarly, any decrease in the fund’s income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have if it had not borrowed and employed leverage. Such a decline could negatively affect the fund’s ability to service its debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our products, and as a result, on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Our private funds often rely on obtaining credit facilities secured principally by the undrawn capital commitments of their investors. These credit lines are an important part of managing the cash flow of the funds, including facilitating a fund’s acquisition or funding of investments, enhancing the regularity of cash distributions to investors and facilitating the payment of management fees to us. The inability to secure or maintain these lines of credit would have an adverse impact on our products and their returns and on us, including increasing administrative costs associated with managing a fund. We have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of products offered to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk. We have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of products offered to investors, especially individual investors (including investors often described as high net worth individuals, family offices and mass affluent individuals), in the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world. Our investment adviser subsidiaries or affiliates currently manage or advise a number of such vehicles, and a number of other vehicles are expected to be launched at various times in the future. Accessing individual investors and selling products directed at such investors exposes us to new and greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement risks, an increased compliance burden, and more complex administration and accounting operations. In addition, regulatory requirements imposing limitations on the ability of affiliates of certain of our vehicles to engage in certain transactions may limit our funds’ ability to engage in otherwise attractive investment opportunities. We continue to distribute products through new channels and markets, including through unaffiliated third-party firms, and we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of distribution, which could result in litigation or regulatory action against us. In addition, there is an increased compliance burden associated with onboarding new distributors or pursuing new distribution channels. Although we engage in due diligence and onboarding procedures that seek to uncover issues relating to the third parties through which individual investors access our products, we do not control and may have limited information regarding many of these third-party channels and, therefore, we are exposed to the risks of reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny and legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our products to investors. As we expand the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the U.S., we are increasingly exposed to risks in non-U.S. jurisdictions. While many of the risks we face in non-U.S. jurisdictions are similar to those that we face in the distribution of products to individual investors in the U.S., non-U.S. securities laws and other applicable regulatory regimes can be extensive, complex and vary by jurisdiction. In addition, the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the U.S. may involve complex structures and market practices that vary by local jurisdiction. As a result, this expansion subjects us to additional complexity, litigation and regulatory risk. See also “—Risks Related to Our Operations—We may continue to enter into new product lines and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, businesses and investor profiles, each of which may result in upfront costs and additional risks and uncertainties in our business.” We are vulnerable to an increased number of investors seeking to participate in share repurchase programs or tender offers of our non-traded products. In recent periods we have launched a number of non-traded products, including BDCs, REITs and interval funds . Non-traded products often conduct share repurchase programs or tender offers to provide liquidity to investors in such vehicles. While such share repurchase programs and tender offers may contain restrictions that limit the amount of shares that may be repurchased in particular periods, an increase in the number of investors requesting repurchases or participating in tender offers, or an increase in the amount of shares repurchased through such repurchase programs or tender offers, of our non-traded products could lead to a decline in the management fees and incentive fees we receive. Economic events affecting the U.S. economy, such as volatility in the financial markets, inflation, fluctuations in interest rates or global or national events that are beyond our control, could cause investors to request repurchase of an increased number of shares pursuant to the share repurchase programs of our non-traded products, potentially in excess of established limits. Such prolonged economic disruptions have caused a number of similar products to deny repurchase requests or to suspend or partially suspend their share repurchase programs and ten der offers and suc h suspension may have a negative reputational impact on the manager or on its ability to continue fundraising. 31 Table of Contents Investors may also seek to have their interests repurchased due to changes in interest rates that make other investments more attractive, rebalancing of their asset allocations, changes in investor perception of us and our investments as well as our reputation, dissatisfaction with a product’s performance or investment strategy, departures or changes in responsibilities of key investment professionals, and liquidity needs. Our no n-traded products may repurchase fewer shares than investors request due to a lack of readily available funds due to a number of factors, including adverse market conditions beyond our control or the need to maintain liquidity for operations. Certain of our non-traded products may amend or suspend share repurchase programs during periods of market dislocation, which may further limit the volume of repurchase requests satisfied. Any repurchases of less than amounts requested could undermine investor confidence in our non-traded products and harm our reputation. The inclusion of repurchase features in investment vehicles creates heightened risk of operational error, including with respect to the calculation of net asset values, which could expose us to increased risk of litigation, regulatory action and reputational damage. Our alternative credit products may expose us to incremental risks and complexities. We engage in various forms of alternative credit structured finance arrangements that are collateralized by various asset classes. Asset-based financing investments are generally structured as loans or securities that represent the purchase or participation in, or are collateralized by and payable from, a stream of payments generated by pools of financial, physical or other assets. Specifically, our alternative credit portfolio targets investments in markets that are underserved by traditional lenders, including, without limitation, secured and unsecured consumer credit receivables, less established companies (including startups and emerging growth companies), consumer leases, residential and commercial real estate, hard assets (such as equipment leases), aviation assets, shipping assets, transportation and storage assets and financial assets such as factoring receivables, litigation claims, financial claims, trade claims and other receivables. These forms of alternative credit generally expose a lender to a greater degree of business and credit risks than traditional lending, as repayment of the loans often depends upon the performance of credit or credit-related assets, the successful operation of the businesses, greater exposure of less established companies to market volatility and potential for fraud and the income stream of the borrower. Additionally, investments in such markets expose our business to additional regulations promulgated by state and federal regulators, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), which may impact our business in new and unexpected ways. The CFPB has broad powers to administer, investigate compliance with and, in some cases, enforce U.S. federal financial consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of financial consumer protection laws that apply to investments our products make in markets, products or services that serve consumers, including laws that regulate “unfair, deceptive or abusive” consumer acts and practices. The CFPB and other federal or state regulators may examine, investigate and take enforcement actions against the companies that our products invest in that offer consumer financial services and products, as well as financial institutions and other third parties upon which such companies rely to provide consumer financial services and products. State regulators also have certain authority in enforcing and promulgating financial consumer protection laws. As a result, some states have issued new and broader financial consumer protection laws and others may in the future, which are more comprehensive than existing U.S. federal regulations. In addition, state attorneys general may in some cases bring actions to enforce federal consumer protection laws. Depending on how governmental authorities elect to exercise their statutory authority, it could increase the compliance costs for the companies that our alternative credit products invest in, potentially delay their ability to respond to marketplace changes, result in requirements to alter products and services that would make them less attractive to consumers, and experience other negative impacts on their business condition and results of operations that in turn impact their ability to repay loans and negatively affect our products’ investments in such companies. Our Real Assets products are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate. Investments in our Real Assets products are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets. These investments are subject to the potential for deterioration of real estate fundamentals and the risk of adverse changes in local market and economic conditions, which may include changes in supply of and demand for competing properties in an area, fluctuating occupancy rates and changes in demand for commercial office properties (including as a result of an increased prevalence of remote work). Additionally, our products’ properties are generally self- 32 Table of Contents managed by the tenant or managed by a third party, which makes us dependent upon such third parties and subjects us to risks associated with the actions and financial resources of such third parties. More generally, investments in real estate-related businesses and assets are subject to risks including the following: • the financial resources of tenants; • changes in building, environmental and other laws; • energy and supply shortages and supply chain disruptions; • various uninsured or uninsurable risks; • natural disasters, extreme weather events and other physical risks related to climate change; • changes in government regulations (such as rent control and tax laws); • changes in interest rates; • the reduced availability of mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable; • negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity; • environmental liabilities; • tariffs and trade wars; • contingent liabilities on disposition of assets; • unexpected cost overruns in connection with development projects; and • terrorist attacks and conflicts and other factors that are beyond our control. Our products have made, and are expected to continue to make, an increasing number of investments in infrastructure assets such as data center and logistics hubs. The acquisition of infrastructure assets involves substantial and continual involvement by, or an ongoing commitment to, regulatory agencies, which often have considerable discretion to change or increase regulation of the operations of infrastructure assets. In many instances, the operation or acquisition of infrastructure assets may involve an ongoing commitment to or from municipal, state, federal or foreign government, regulatory agencies or governing bodies. The nature of these obligations exposes the owners of infrastructure assets to a higher level of regulatory control than is typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to acquire complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Such licenses, concessions, leases or contracts may also be terminated with limited compensation and prior notice. Further, our investments in critical infrastructure sectors, such as digital infrastructure, are generally subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny at the time of investment and ongoing compliance requirements. For additional details, see “—Risks Related to Our Products—Investments in digital infrastructure may expose us and our products to risks inherent in the ownership and operation of digital infrastructure.” Increased regulatory oversight could impair or prevent operation of a facility owned by an infrastructure asset, the completion of a previously announced acquisition or sale to third parties, or could otherwise result in additional costs and material adverse consequences to an infrastructure asset and investments in such assets. In addition, revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties and are consequently subject to heightened counterparty default risk. Any of these factors may cause the value of the investments in our Real Assets products to decline, which may have a material impact on our results of operations. In connection with obtaining commercial loans backed by real estate, the lender will typically require a “bad boy” guarantee, in which our investment vehicles and we may guarantee liability for environmental liabilities and bad acts including fraud, intentional misrepresentation, voluntary bankruptcy and other acts. It is expected that commercial real estate financing arrangements generally will require “bad boy” guarantees and in the event such guarantee is called, a fund or our assets could be materially and adversely affected. Investments in digital infrastructure may expose us and our products to risks inherent in the ownership and operation of digital infrastructure. We and our products have invested and plan to continue to invest in multiple asset classes within digital infrastructure, which subjects us to risks, including: • Project revenues can be affected by a number of factors including economic and market conditions, political events, competition, regulation and the financial position and business strategy of customers; 33 Table of Contents • Any failure of physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation. Such a failure could result from numerous factors, including mechanical failures, power outages, human error, shortages of material and skilled labor or work stoppages, physical or electronic security incidents, wars, terrorism, health crises or pandemics, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, climate change, and other natural disasters, sabotages and acts of vandalism; • Service interruptions, equipment failures or security incidents may result in legal liability, regulatory requirements, penalties and monetary damages and damage our brand and reputation; • Dependence on third-party suppliers for power, network connectivity and certain other services results in vulnerability to service failures of such third-party suppliers and can lead to price increases by such suppliers to the extent such costs are not borne by customers; • The digital infrastructure industry is highly competitive and it may be difficult to develop and maintain a balanced customer base of investment-grade or creditworthy tenants, resulting in increased risk based on the credit quality of one or more customers; • Demand for digital infrastructure assets, power or connectivity is particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the internet and data communications and broader technology industries; • Technological developments may cause certain digital infrastructure assets to become obsolete or result in decreased demand for such digital infrastructure assets; • Digital infrastructure investments are subject to substantial and evolving government regulation related to the acquisition and operation of such investments; and • The use and development of AI technologies is subject to evolving and complex regulatory frameworks across various jurisdictions, and it remains uncertain how AI technologies and such regulatory developments will impact new and existing digital infrastructure investments. Our digital infrastructure focused funds may be more susceptible to any single economic, political or regulatory occurrence and more volatile than a more diversified fund. Additionally, our strategy to invest across different classes of digital infrastructure assets may not perform as well as a portfolio that is concentrated in a particular type of digital infrastructure asset. Any of these factors may cause the value of the investments in our digital infrastructure funds to decline, which may have a material impact on our business and results of operations. Our GP Strategic Capital products may suffer losses if our Partner Managers are unable to raise new products or grow their AUM. As our GP Strategic Capital products’ investments in Partner Managers are intended to be held for an indefinite duration, the performance of such investments are dependent upon the ability of our Partner Managers to successfully execute their investment program and grow their assets under management. In the event that a Partner Manager is unable to grow their assets under management or such Partner Manager’s investment returns fail to meet expectations, the returns attributable to such investment may be reduced or our products may suffer a loss on such investment. A Partner Manager’s failure to grow assets under management may result from a range of factors including the departure of key persons, the inability of such Partner Manager to diversify into new investment strategies, investment performance and regulatory enforcement actions. Our professional sports minority stakes strategy is small, but may have a disproportionate effect on our reputation. Our professional sports minority stakes strategy is small and has been difficult to grow. Our Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund makes minority investments in NBA franchises and has invested, and may in the future invest, in entities with exposure to other sports leagues or franchises outside of the NBA. The NBA provides certain services with respect to the Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund and receives a share of management fees and incentive allocations attributable to the fund. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to continue to execute this strategy in the future. As adviser to the Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund, we may be exposed to liability to the NBA, other sports leagues or one or more NBA or other league teams in which we invest in a range of circumstances, including as a result of a violation of rules applicable to NBA or other league franchise owners by us or investors in our Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund or, in certain circumstances, by our co-owners of a team (regardless of whether such persons were acting under our direction or control). In addition, the NBA may terminate its relationship with us for a variety of reasons, including the departure of certain key persons or the occurrence of certain events constituting cause. The Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund may also evoke a high profile in the marketplace relative to its economic significance to us. 34 Table of Contents Therefore, any failure in the growth or performance of the professional sports minority stakes strategy could not only result in a decrease in our FPAUM growth potential but could also have a disproportionately adverse effect on our reputation. Our equity investments and some of our debt investments rank junior to investments made by others, exposing us to greater risk of losing our investment. In addition, in many cases, the portfolio companies in which we or our products invest have, or are permitted to have, outstanding indebtedness or equity securities that rank senior to our or our products’ investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of distributions, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our or our investment products’ investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. In addition, debt investments made by us or our investment products in our portfolio companies may rank junior to the senior debt investments made by third parties in our portfolio companies. After repaying senior security holders, the portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our investment. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Also, during periods of financial distress or following insolvency, the ability of us or our products to influence a portfolio company’s affairs and to take actions to protect an investment will likely be substantially less than that of the senior creditors. Risks Related to Our Operations The anticipated benefits of recent or future development opportunities, acquisitions or joint ventures may not be realized or may take longer than expected to realize. We have recently acquired assets or businesses, and may in the future engage in development opportunities, including joint ventures, or pursue acquisitions of assets or other businesses, that are complementary to our business. For any such acquisitions, the optimization of our combined operations may be a complex, costly and time-consuming process and if we experience difficulties in this process, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on us for an undetermined period after any such acquisition. There can be no assurances that we will realize any potential operating efficiencies, synergies and other benefits anticipated in connection with such development opportunities, joint ventures or acquisitions. The integration of our acquisitions may present material challenges, including, without limitation: • combining leadership teams and corporate cultures; • the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management’s attention to the integration of a new asset or business; • managing a larger combined business; • maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees, including by offering sufficiently attractive terms of employment; • retaining existing business and operational relationships, and attracting new business and operational relationships; • the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process; • consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations; • difficulty replicating or replacing functions, systems and infrastructure provided by prior owners of interests in one or more business divisions or the loss of benefits from such prior owners’ global contracts; • managing expense loads and maintaining currently anticipated operating margins given that products may be different in nature and therefore may require additional personnel and compensation expenses, which expenses may be borne by us, rather than our products; and • unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems. Some of those factors are outside of our control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, performance shortfalls, decreases in the amount of potential revenues or synergies, potential cost savings, and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could materially and potentially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 35 Table of Contents We may continue to enter into new product lines and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, businesses and investor profiles, each of which may result in upfront costs and additional risks and uncertainties in our business. We intend, if market conditions warrant, to grow our business by increasing FPAUM in existing products and expanding into new investment strategies, geographic markets (including in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets) and products. We may pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment management companies, expansion into new markets, acquisitions of critical business partners or other strategic initiatives, in each case, which may include entering into new lines of business. Attempts to expand our business involve a number of special risks, including some or all of the following: • the required investment of capital and other resources; • the diversion of management’s attention from our core products; • the assumption of liabilities in any acquired business; • the disruption of our ongoing business; • entry into markets, lines of business and investor profiles in which we may have limited or no experience, and which may subject us to new laws and regulations which we are not familiar or from which we are currently exempt; • increasing demands on our operational and management systems and controls; • compliance with or applicability to our business or our products’ portfolio companies of regulations and laws, including, in particular, local regulations and laws (for example, consumer protection-related laws, digital infrastructure regulation, environmental regulation, insurance regulation and tax laws) and the impact that noncompliance or even perceived noncompliance could have on us and our products’ portfolio companies; • conflicts between platforms or strategies in deal flow or objectives; • we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to, systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control; • potential increase in product investor concentration; and • the broadening of our geographic footprint, increasing the risks associated with conducting operations in foreign jurisdictions where we currently have little or no presence, such as different legal, tax and regulatory regimes and currency fluctuations, which require additional resources to address. Because we have not yet identified these potential new investment strategies, geographic markets or lines of business, we cannot identify all of the specific risks we may face and the potential adverse consequences on us and our investments that may result from any attempted expansion. Rapid growth of our business may be difficult to sustain and may place significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources. Our AUM has grown significantly in the past, and we may pursue further growth, including opportunistically through acquisitions. Our rapid growth has placed, and future growth, if successful, will continue to place, significant demands on our legal, compliance, accounting and operational infrastructure and will result in increased expenses. In addition, we are, and will continue to be, required to continuously develop our systems and infrastructure in response to the increasing sophistication of the investment management market; legal, accounting, regulatory and tax developments and continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Our future growth will depend in part on our ability to maintain an operating infrastructure and management system sufficient to address our growth and may require us to incur significant additional expenses and to commit additional senior management and operational resources. As a result, we may face significant challenges in: • maintaining adequate financial, regulatory (legal, tax and compliance) and business controls; • providing current and future product investors and stockholders with accurate and consistent reporting; • implementing new or updated information and financial systems and procedures; and • training, managing and appropriately sizing our work force and other components of our business on a timely and cost-effective basis. 36 Table of Contents We may not be able to manage our expanding operations effectively and may not be ready to continue to grow because of operational needs, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and control our expenses. Our use of leverage to finance our business or that of our products may expose us to substantial risks. Any security interests or negative covenants required by a credit facility we enter into may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt. We may choose to finance our business operations through the issuance of senior notes, borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7 to our Financial Statements) or by issuing additional debt in the future. Our existing and future indebtedness exposes us to the typical risks associated with the use of leverage. The occurrence or continuation of any of these events or trends could cause us to suffer a decline in the credit ratings assigned to our debt by rating agencies, which could cause the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility to increase and could result in other material adverse effects on our business. We depend on financial institutions extending credit to us on terms that are reasonable to us. There is no guarantee that such institutions will continue to extend credit to us or renew any existing credit agreements we may have with them, or that we will be able to refinance outstanding facilities when they mature. In addition, the incurrence of additional debt in the future could result in potential downgrades of our existing corporate credit ratings, which could limit the availability of future financing and increase our cost of borrowing. Furthermore, our Revolving Credit Facility contains certain covenants with which we need to comply. Non-compliance with any of the covenants without cure or waiver would constitute an event of default, and an event of default resulting from a breach of certain covenants could result, at the option of the lenders, in an acceleration of the principal and interest outstanding. Additionally, for many Credit products, the gross asset value used as the base for the management fee includes investments purchased with leverage. If we are unable to obtain leverage at the expected level, or at all, this will have a negative impact on our ability to realize the full fee potential of any particular fund. As borrowings under our senior notes, Revolving Credit Facility and any future indebtedness mature, we may be required to either refinance them by entering into new facilities or issuing additional debt, which could result in higher borrowing costs, or issuing equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. We could also repay these borrowings by using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets. We may be unable to enter into new facilities or issue debt or equity in the future on attractive terms, or at all. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate based on SOFR (as defined in Note 7 to our Financial Statements) obligations. As a result, an increase in SOFR will increase our interest costs if such borrowings are not been hedged into fixed rates in the future. Additionally, Blue Owl may provide financial guarantees of performance in connection with certain investments, particularly in our Real Assets products, to certain lenders to its products and investments. Lenders in commercial real estate financing customarily will require such guarantees, which typically provides that the lender can recover losses from the guarantors for certain bad acts, such as fraud or intentional misrepresentation, intentional waste, willful misconduct, criminal acts, misappropriation of funds, voluntary incurrence of prohibited debt and environmental losses sustained by the lenders. It is expected that commercial real estate financing arrangements will generally require such guarantees and in the event that such a guarantee is called, Blue Owl’s assets could be materially and adversely affected. Our cash and cash equivalents could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fail. We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. If a depository institution fails to return these deposits or is otherwise subject to adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, our access to invested cash or cash equivalents could be limited which adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. Risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our and our products’ investments. When managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our products) from time to time use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The scope of risk management activities undertaken by us varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates, prevailing foreign currency exchange rates, the types of investments that are made and other changing market conditions. The use of hedging transactions and other derivative instruments to reduce the effects of a decline in the value of a position does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the value of the position or prevent losses if the value of the position declines. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for 37 Table of Contents gain if the value of a position increases. Moreover, it may not be possible to limit the exposure to a market development that is so generally anticipated that a hedging or other derivative transaction cannot be entered into at an acceptable price. Currency fluctuations, in particular, can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and financial condition. The success of any hedging or other derivative transaction generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument and the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors. As a result, while we may enter into such a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the transaction may result in poorer overall firm or investment performance than if it had not been executed. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases. While such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may entail certain other risks. These arrangements may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices that do not reflect their underlying value. Moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, which may reduce the returns generated by Blue Owl or a product. Cybersecurity risks and cyber data security incidents could adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information and confidential information in our possession and damage to our business relationships. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us because, as an alternative asset management firm, we hold confidential and other price sensitive information about existing and potential investments. Malicious cyber activity involving ransomware, extortion, business email compromise, social engineering and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. Additionally, cyber-attacks and other security threats have become increasingly complex as a result of the emergence of new AI technologies which are able to identify and target new vulnerabilities in information technology systems. As a result, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to confidential information resulting from an attack by computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber terrorists. The efficient operation of our business is dependent on computer hardware and software systems, as well as data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, which, despite implementation of a variety of security measures, are vulnerable to security breaches and cyber-attacks. A cyber-attack is considered to be an intentional attack or an unintentional event or series of events and involves gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption or otherwise compromising the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our systems or infrastructure. Some factors that could create a heightened risk of a cyber incident include the use of remote work tools and/or third-party service providers, including cloud-based service providers. In addition, we and our employees may be the target of social engineering, fraudulent emails or other targeted attempts to gain unauthorized access to proprietary or sensitive information. The result of any cyber-attack may include disrupted operations, including in our, our affiliates’, our fund investors’, our counterparties’, or third parties’ operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, fraudulent transfers or requests for transfers of money, liability for stolen or improperly accessed assets or information (including personal information), increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation or damage to our business relationships and reputation, in each case causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition to cyber-related threats, our and our affiliates’ information systems and those of our third-party service providers may be subject to failures or interruptions arising from other causes beyond our control, including sudden electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes or hurricanes, disease pandemics, social unrest and geopolitical events including wars and acts of terrorism. Any such events could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and financial results. The rapid evolution and increased availability of AI technologies may intensify cybersecurity risks by making such attacks and other cybersecurity incidents more difficult to detect, contain, and mitigate. For example, threat actors could impersonate Blue Owl or our employees, including through the use of AI technologies. Such technologies make such impersonation more likely to occur or appear more credible. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by third-party service providers, including increased risks resulting from remote working. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our networks or our partners’ networks have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security 38 Table of Contents practices is limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. Outages of and interruptions to third-party software

--- VENDORS ---
vendors’ services, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with a third-party service provider, have previously resulted in, and could in the future result in, temporary disruptions to our and our affiliates’ normal operations. We have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions and rely on industry accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain confidential and proprietary information maintained on our information systems. However, these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-attack, do not guarantee that a cyber-attack will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident, especially because the cyber-attack techniques change frequently or are not recognized until launched and because cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Cybersecurity risks are exacerbated by the rapidly increasing volume of highly sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, personally identifiable information of our employees, our clients and others and other sensitive information that we collect and store in our data centers,on our cloud environments and on our networks. Our products may also invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in infrastructure assets, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or security breach than other assets or businesses. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of product investor, employee or other personally identifiable, proprietary business data or other sensitive information, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance (or the negligence or malfeasance of third party service providers that have access to such confidential information) or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us and significant reputational harm, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. We are subject to risks in using custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents. Many of our products depend on the services of custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain transactions and other administrative services, including compliance with regulatory requirements in U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. We are subject to risks of errors and mistakes made by these third parties, which may be attributed to us and subject us or our products’ investors to reputational damage, penalties or losses. We depend on third parties to provide primary and back up communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third-party service providers, or as a result of cyber-attacks or other breaches could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, portfolio monitoring, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. The terms of the contracts with third-party service providers are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight. Accordingly, we may be unsuccessful in seeking reimbursement or indemnification from these third-party service providers. In addition, we rely on a select number of third-party services providers and replacement of any one of our service providers could be difficult and result in disruption and expense. Risks Related to Personnel We depend on our senior management team, senior investment professionals and other key personnel to provide their services to us and our products. Our success depends on the efforts, judgment and personal reputations of our senior management team, senior investment professionals and other key personnel. Their reputations, expertise in investing, relationships with product investors and with other members of the business communities on whom we and our products depend on for investment opportunities and financing are each critical elements in operating and expanding our business. The loss of the services of our senior management team, senior investment professionals or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on us and our products, and on the performance of our products, including on our ability to retain and attract product investors and raise capital. The departure of some or all of those individuals could also trigger certain provisions tied to the departure of, or cessation of committed time, by those persons (known as “key person” provisions) in the documentation governing certain of our products, which could permit the investors in those products to suspend or terminate those products’ investment periods. We do not carry 39 Table of Contents any “key person” insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of our senior professionals, and we do not have a policy that prohibits our senior professionals from traveling together. There is no guarantee that the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors and other key personnel are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us. Such agreements also expire after a certain period of time, at which point such personnel would be free to compete against us and solicit our clients and employees. In addition, such agreements may not be enforceable in all cases, particularly as U.S. states and/or federal agencies enact legislation or adopt rules aimed at effectively prohibiting non-competition agreements. In addition, each of Doug Ostrover, Marc Lipschultz, Michael Rees and Marc Zahr (each a “Key Individual”) is entitled to significant compensation payments and under certain circumstances (including the Key Individual’s death or disability), the Key Individual (or his estate) is entitled to retain those payments for up to five years following such person’s ceasing to be employed by us. While we continue to make such payments, we may need to find or promote new employees to replace the former Key Individual, which may require additional significant compensation to be paid by us, which could adversely affect our earnings. Employee, former employee or third-party service provider misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain product investors and subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. Our ability to attract and retain product investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our clients depends heavily upon the reputation of our professionals, especially our senior professionals as well as third-party service providers. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our investment management business and our authority and statutory fiduciary status over the assets managed by our investment management business. Further, our employees are subject to various internal policies including a Code of Business Conduct and policies covering conflicts of interest, information systems, business continuity and information security. The violation of those obligations, standards and policies by any of our employees or misconduct by one of our third-party service providers could adversely affect investors in our products and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which our products may invest. If our employees, former employees or third-party service providers were to use or disclose confidential information improperly, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. Additionally, we allow many of our employees to work on a hybrid schedule or remotely, which has required us to develop and implement additional precautions in order to detect and prevent employee misconduct. Employee, former employee or third-party service provider misconduct could also include, among other things, binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks and other unauthorized activities or concealing unsuccessful investments (which, in either case, may result in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses), or otherwise charging (or seeking to charge) inappropriate expenses or inappropriate or unlawful behavior or actions directed towards other employees. It is not always possible to detect or deter misconduct by employees or third-party service providers, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. If one or more of our employees, former employees or third-party service providers were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected and a loss of product investor confidence could result, which would adversely impact our ability to raise future products. Our current and former employees and those of our products’ investments as well as our third-party service providers may also become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial and gender discrimination or other similar misconduct, which, regardless of the ultimate outcome, may result in adverse publicity that could harm our and such portfolio company’s brand and reputation. Our future growth depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop human capital in a highly competitive talent market. The success of our business will continue to depend upon us attracting, developing and retaining human capital. Competition for qualified, motivated, and highly-skilled executives, professionals and other key personnel in asset management firms is significant. Turnover and associated costs of rehiring, the loss of human capital through attrition, death, or disability and the reduced ability to attract talent could impair our ability to implement our future growth and maintain our standards of excellence. Our future success will depend upon our ability to find, attract, retain and motivate highly-skilled and highly-qualified individuals. We seek to provide our personnel with competitive benefits and compensation packages. However, our efforts may not be sufficient to enable us to attract, retain and motivate qualified individuals to support our growth. Moreover, if our personnel join competitors or form businesses that compete with ours, that could adversely affect our ability to raise new or successor products. 40 Table of Contents Conflicts of Interest Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities. As an asset manager with multiple clients, including our various and expanding strategies and products, we increasingly confront conflicts of interests relating to our investment activities and operations. In particular, our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities across our products are subject to numerous actual or potential conflicts of interest. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to address those conflicts, our failure to effectively identify and address them could cause reputational harm and a loss of investor confidence in our business. It could also result in regulatory lapses that could lead to applicable penalties, as well as increased regulatory oversight of our business. Identifying potential conflicts of interest is complex and fact-intensive, and it is not possible to foresee every conflict of interest that could or will arise. Potential conflicts of interest in allocation among our products. Certain of our products may have overlapping investment objectives, including products that have different fee structures, and conflicts may arise with respect to our allocation of investment opportunities among those products as well as other co-investors. We are permitted to allocate an investment to a number of products across our platforms that we view as appropriate for the particular investment objectives, strategies and characteristics of such products. We reserve the right to allocate an investment opportunity that is appropriate for two or more investment products in a manner that excludes one or more products or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine including, but not limited to, differences with respect to available capital; the current or anticipated size of a product; minimum investment amounts; the remaining life of a product; differences in investment objectives, guidelines or strategies; diversification; portfolio construction considerations; liquidity needs; legal, tax and regulatory requirements and other considerations deemed relevant to us and in accordance with our policies and procedures. Although we have adopted investment allocation policies and procedures that are designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment over time, and expect such policies and procedures to continue to evolve, those policies and procedures will not eliminate all potential conflicts. Additionally, certain investment opportunities may be allocated to certain products that have lower fees or to our co-investment products or third-party co-investors that pay no fees. To the extent that those investments could otherwise have been allocated to products generating FPAUM, our revenues will be less than what would otherwise have been generated were those investments made through fee paying structures. In addition, subject to applicable law and our policies and procedures, we are permitted to cause a product to enter into a transaction to purchase securities from, or sell securities to, another product we manage, or co-investors or co-investment vehicles. Any of these transactions raise potential conflicts of interest, including where: (i) the investment of one product supports the value of portfolio investments owned by another product or (ii) the transaction allows us to realize carried interest or receive future management fees or other compensation with respect to such investments. These conflicts are heightened to the extent the relevant securities are illiquid or do not have a readily ascertainable value. Potential conflicts of interest in connection with co-investments between our private funds and our Regulated Products. Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with co-investments between our private funds and our Regulated Products. Funds sponsored or managed by our investment adviser subsidiaries are prohibited from participating in certain transactions alongside our Regulated Products, or certain entities controlled by such funds, without an SEC exemptive order (“Co-Investment Exemptive Order”). We intend to rely on the Co-Investment Exemptive Order in order to engage in co-investment transactions between our private funds and our Regulated Products and certain of their controlled entities. Our ability to rely on the Co-Investment Exemptive Order is subject to certain limitations and requirements, including the requirement that each participant in a co-investment transaction acquire or dispose of the same class of securities on substantially the same key terms and share expenses related to the co-investment transaction pro rata to the securities being acquired. These restrictions may limit the ability of our private funds to make certain investments they otherwise may have made, and subject our products to additional compliance and regulatory risk. Additionally, the different investment objectives of our private funds versus our Regulated Products may result in a potential conflict of interest, including in connection with the allocation of investments between the funds made in co-investment transactions pursuant to the Co-Investment Exemptive Order and in decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities between our private funds and our Regulated Products. Conflicts related to investments by several of our products at different levels of the capital structure of a single portfolio company or Partner Manager. Different products that we advise may invest in a single portfolio company, including at different levels of the capital structure of the same portfolio company. For example, in the normal course of business, one of our products may acquire debt positions 41 Table of Contents in, or lend to, portfolio companies in which another of our products owns common equity securities or a subordinated debt position. Such investments or commitments may be made at different times, at different prices and on different terms. The interests of these different products invested in different levels of the capital structure of a portfolio company may not always be aligned and actions taken for one product may be adverse to one or more other products, which may give rise to conflicts of interest. The interests of these different products may diverge significantly particularly in the case of financial distress of the portfolio company. For example, in a bankruptcy proceeding or out-of-court restructuring, the interests of a product owning equity or subordinated debt securities may be subordinated or otherwise adversely affected by virtue of a different product’s actions in respect of its own interests as a senior debt holder. The governing documents of our products may also prevent or impose conditions on other products investing at different levels of the capital structure. Alternatively, investments by more than one product in a portfolio company also have the potential to raise the risk of using assets of one product to support positions taken by our other products. For example, we may be incentivized to cause a product invested in a senior debt position to be more passive or refrain from taking actions adverse to other products invested in equity or subordinated debt given the possibility for losses for these products. In addition, if one of our Regulated Products is an investor in a portfolio company alongside other of our products that have invested in a different part of the portfolio company’s capital structure, the Investment Company Act may prohibit us from negotiating on behalf of any such product in connection with a reorganization or restructuring of the portfolio company. While we have developed general guidelines regarding when two or more products can invest in different parts of the same company’s capital structure and created a process that we employ to handle those conflicts when they arise, our decision to permit the investments to occur in the first instance or our judgment on how to minimize the conflict could be challenged. If we fail to appropriately address those conflicts, it could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional products and the willingness of counterparties to do business with us or result in potential litigation against us. Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of costs and expenses, and we are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and uncertainty with regard to those allocations. As an asset manager with multiple products, we regularly allocate costs and expenses among our products and between our products and us. Certain of those allocation determinations are inherently subjective and virtually all of them are subject to regulatory oversight. Allegations of, or investigation into, a potential improper expense allocation could cause reputational harm and a loss of investor confidence in our business. It could also result in regulatory lapses or penalties, as well as increased regulatory oversight of our business. In addition, any determination to allocate costs and expenses to us could negatively affect our net income, and ultimately decrease the value of our common stock and our dividends to our stockholders. We have a conflict of interest in determining whether certain costs and expenses are incurred in the course of operating our products, including the extent to which services provided by certain employees and associated costs, including compensation, are allocable to certain products. Our products generally pay or otherwise bear all legal, accounting, filing, and other expenses incurred in connection with organizing and establishing the products and the offering of interests in the products, as well as the operation of the products and their investment activities, including certain employee compensation in the case of certain products. In certain cases, our products’ responsibility for such expenses are subject to caps. Such determinations often require subjective judgment and may result in us, rather than our products, bearing certain fees and expenses. We also determine, in our sole discretion, the appropriate allocation of investment-related expenses, including broken deal expenses and expenses more generally relating to a particular investment strategy, among our products, vehicles and accounts participating or that would have participated in such investments or that otherwise participate in the relevant investment strategy, as applicable. That often requires judgment and could result in one or more of our products bearing more or less of these expenses than other investors or potential investors in the relevant investments or a fund paying a disproportionate share, including some or all, of the broken deal expenses or other expenses incurred by potential investors. Any dispute regarding such allocations could lead to our products or us, as further described below, having to bear some portion of these costs as well as reputational risk. In addition, for products that do not pay or otherwise bear the costs and expenses described above because of the application of caps or otherwise, such amounts may be borne by us, which will reduce the amount of net fee income we receive for providing advisory services to the products. Our BSP provides strategic services to Partner Managers. Certain expenses associated with the BSP (“BSP Expenses”) are allocated among, and payable by, each of the flagship GP minority equity investment products; however, co-investment and similar vehicles sponsored and/or managed by us do not bear any portion of BSP Expenses. Those GP Strategic Capital products are generally allocated an amount equal to their pro rata allocation of BSP Expenses based on the relative number of Partner Managers in which investments are held from time to time by each of those products; provided that the amount of BSP Expenses borne by a particular fund is subject to certain floors and/or caps specified in its respective governing documents. We are required to bear any BSP Expenses allocated to a product that exceeds the product’s cap on those expenses. In addition, in certain instances, we expect to determine not to allocate or charge certain BSP Expenses to any product, in response to 42 Table of Contents regulatory, investor relations, governance or other applicable considerations and determine instead for those BSP Expenses to be borne by us. Any such determination could have the effect of materially reducing the reimbursement payments received by us with respect to the BSP or result in losses attributable to certain activities thereof. The allocation methodology for allocating BSP Expenses and other similar expenses is complex and subject to interpretation. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any conflict arising from these allocations of expenses will be resolved in a manner responsive to the interests of all of our clients, which could damage our reputation. The activities of the BSP and the allocation of BSP Expenses have in the past been subject to an SEC order. These and other expense allocation practices could in the future be subject to regulatory scrutiny. Potential conflicts of interest in allocation among Blue Owl, our products and our investment professionals. Certain of our products may have overlapping investment objectives with Blue Owl, and conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities among Blue Owl and our products. We have provided and expect to continue to provide funds to support new product and strategy launches to enable our products to achieve a level of scale and profitability. We have used, and expect to continue to use, our balance sheet capital to warehouse seed investments in our products pending the contribution of committed capital by the investors in such products and/or to extend bridge loans to our products, which may decrease the liquidity available for other parts of our business. If new strategies or products do not develop as anticipated or our balance sheet assets cease to provide adequate liquidity, we may be forced to realize losses or become limited in our ability to seed new products or strategies or support existing ones as currently contemplated. Furthermore, our investment professionals or entities controlled by them may make similar investments or loans to new products or third-party investment opportunities, including in connection with their personal or family office investment activities. These activities may result in actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Although we have adopted personal trading policies and procedures that are designed to ensure that, in such circumstances, Blue Owl or our products, as the case may be, has first priority in investment opportunities that align with its investment objectives, and expect these policies and procedures to continue to evolve as Blue Owl’s business evolves, those policies and procedures may not eliminate all potential conflicts. Existing and future relationships between or among our Partner Managers, our products and their investors could give rise to actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Certain of our GP Strategic Capital products’ Partner Managers directly or through their investment funds, own securities in Blue Owl or its subsidiaries. In addition, certain GP Strategic Capital products own securities in Blue Owl or its subsidiaries and may have different interests, including different investment horizons, than Blue Owl. Any decision with respect to holding or disposing of any such products’ interests in Blue Owl will be determined by the applicable investment manager in a manner consistent with its duties to the product. Because those decisions will be made independent from consideration of Blue Owl’s interests, they may, due to a range of factors, conflict with the interest of Blue Owl or its stockholders. GP Strategic Capital products hold minority, noncontrolling interests in a broad range of Partner Managers. Those Partner Managers may, from time to time, directly or through their funds, enter into transactions or other contractual arrangements with us or our products outside of the GP minority stakes strategy, including our private funds, Regulated Products and Real Assets products, or between or among one another in the ordinary course of business, which may result in additional conflicts of interest. For example, in 2024 Blue Owl agreed to acquire a Partner Manager in which certain of our GP Strategic Capital products held, directly or indirectly, minority, non-controlling interests, in connection with which we implemented procedures to minimize or eliminate any conflicts. None of those transactions or other contractual arrangements are believed to be material to our operations or performance but future transactions may be material. Portfolio companies of products managed by our Partner Managers may also be borrowers under debt facilities or instruments owned, arranged or managed by our products. In its capacity as agent or lender under such facilities or instruments, a fund is required to act in the best interests of its stockholders or investors. In certain circumstances, one of our products may be required to take actions that may be adverse to the investments owned by funds managed by Partner Managers, which could adversely affect our relationships with the Partner Managers, or potentially impact the value of a GP Strategic Capital product’s investment in such Partner Manager. From time to time, companies in which our products or products managed by our Partner Managers have invested or may invest may enter into sale-leaseback transactions with, or otherwise become tenants of, our Real Assets products. These arrangements could result in our products or products managed by our Partner Managers being creditors to, or equity owners of, such companies at the same time as those companies are tenants of our Real Assets products. If such a company were to encounter 43 Table of Contents financial difficulty or default on its obligations as a borrower, our product or a product managed by a Partner Manager, could be required to take actions that may be adverse to those of our Real Assets products in enforcing its rights under the relevant facilities or agreements, or vice versa. Investments in portfolio companies connected to other business relationships may cause us to take different actions with respect to such investment than would have otherwise occurred had the portfolio company had no other business relationship with us or our products. Even if the foregoing relationships and transactions do not create actual conflicts, the perception of conflicts in the press or the financial community generally could create negative publicity with respect to Blue Owl, which could adversely affect the relationships with our product investors. Conflicts related to our lack of information barriers. Our products, investment platforms and investment professionals regularly obtain non-public information regarding target companies and other investment opportunities. Since we do not currently maintain permanent information barriers among our businesses, we generally impute non-public information received by one investment team to all other investment professionals, including all of the personnel who make investment decisions for our products. In the event that any of our products or people obtain confidential or material non-public information, we and our products may be restricted in acquiring or disposing of investments. Notwithstanding the maintenance of restricted securities lists and other internal controls, the internal controls relating to the management of material non-public information could fail and result in us, or one of our people, buying or selling a security while deemed to be in possession of material non-public information. Inadvertent trading on material non-public information could negatively impact our reputation, result in the imposition of regulatory or financial sanctions and, consequently, negatively impact our ability to provide investment management services to our products and clients. These risks are heightened by the existence of our public equity products, which may limit the products’ investment opportunities or ability to dispose of investments. In limited circumstances, we may put in place temporary information barriers to restrict the transfer of non-public information, which limit our products’ abilities to benefit from Blue Owl expertise and such temporary information barriers could be breached, resulting in the same restrictions on such products’ investment activities. In certain instances, Blue Owl may decline to receive material nonpublic information from an investment or prospective investment, even if such material nonpublic information would be beneficial to a Blue Owl product, because the receipt of such material non-public information may inhibit the investment activities of Blue Owl and/or one or more other Blue Owl products and foregoing such material nonpublic information may negatively impact the potential receiving Blue Owl products and/or one or more of its portfolio investments. Further, in the future, we could be required by certain regulations, or decide that it is advisable, to establish permanent information barriers, which would impair our ability to operate as an integrated platform, limit management’s ability to manage our investments and reduce potential synergies across our businesses. The establishment of information barriers may also lead to operational disruptions and result in restructuring costs, including costs related to hiring additional personnel as existing investment professionals are allocated to either side of a barrier. Additional and unpredictable conflicts of interests may arise in the future. In addition to the conflicts outlined above, we may experience conflicts of interest in connection with the management of our business affairs relating to and arising from a number of matters, including the amounts paid to us by our products; services that may be provided by us and our affiliates to investments in which our products invest (including the determination of whether or not to charge fees to our investments for our provision of such services); investments by our products and our other clients, subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act; our formation of additional products; differing recommendations given by us to different clients; and our use of information gained from a product’s investments used to inform investments by other clients, subject to applicable law. In resolving these conflicts of interest, we may favor our products’ interests or investors’ interests over the interests of our stockholders. Our GP Strategic Capital products hold and make investments in Partner Managers and there may be provisions within our arrangements with Partner Managers that could affect our right to receive or share information or cause us to sell our interests in the Partner Manager. The terms of our GP Strategic Capital products’ investments in Partner Managers generally include provisions relating to competitors of the Partner Managers, access to information about the Partner Managers and their business, and affirmative and negative confidentiality obligations regarding the Partner Managers. While we have implemented information control procedures with restrictions regarding the sharing of a Partner Manager’s confidential information, such procedures may not reduce a Partner Manager’s concern over the sharing of confidential and competitively sensitive information. Certain Partner 44 Table of Contents Managers that are engaged in managing funds focused on similar businesses as our other product lines may consider Blue Owl to be a competitor with respect to their business and may seek to invoke remedies available to them under the investment agreements or pursue other remedies. Potential remedies available to them under the investment agreements, as applicable, include limiting the rights of our products to receive confidential information from the Partner Manager regarding its business, requiring us to sequester confidential information received from the Partner Manager, or requiring us to sell our interests in the Partner Manager for fair value as determined under the relevant investment agreement. A forced sale of a Partner Manager interest may reduce the amount of fees we receive with respect to the applicable GP Strategic Capital product, and any reduction in information may impede our ability to supervise our products’ investments. Further, the affiliation may hinder the GP Strategic Capital products’ ability to make future investments in Partner Managers who are in the same space and who may consider Blue Owl a competitor, including follow-on investments in existing Partner Managers and investments with new Partner Managers. The operations of our business and related transactions may affect our reputation and relationship with our Partner Managers. We are reliant upon our strong relationships with our Partner Managers for the continued growth and development of business. Due to the number of Partner Managers with which we have relationships, we may compete with existing or prospective Partner Managers, which could negatively impact our ability to attract new Partner Managers to our products who may seek relationships with non-competitors over concerns of sharing information with competitors or other potential conflicts, including the ability to exercise our fiduciary duties. Additionally, our investments in Partner Managers may affect our relationships with other sponsors that are key relationships for our Credit products, because of similar concerns around information sharing or other reasons. While we have implemented procedures to address any such conflict, such procedures may not reduce the perception that such conflicts exist and may make us a less attractive partner/investor. Our entitlement and that of certain Principals and employees to receive performance income from certain of our products may create an incentive for us to make more decisions, including speculative investments and determinations on behalf of our products, than would be the case in the absence of such performance income. Some of our products generate performance-based fees, including carried interest. With respect to Blue Owl GP Stakes I - V and their related co-investment vehicles , none of the carried interest will be allocated to us. We will generally be allocated 15% of the carried interest attributable to Blue Owl GP Stakes VI and future GP Strategic Capital products as well as 15% of the carried interest in existing and future Real Assets and Credit products. If a new GP Strategic Capital product is formed to facilitate a secondary transaction with respect to any of Blue Owl GP Stakes I - V (which would include, without limitation, any continuation fund or other new product whose primary purpose is to acquire directly or indirectly all or a portion of the assets of or interests in Blue Owl GP Stakes I - V), any carried interest generated by such product will not be allocated to us, notwithstanding that such secondary vehicle is formed in the future. Performance revenues not allocated to us are allocated, in part, to certain Principals and employees of Blue Owl in vehicles not controlled by us. Carried interest and performance-based fees or allocations may create an incentive for us or our investment professionals to make more speculative or riskier investments and determinations, directly or indirectly on behalf of our products, or otherwise take or refrain from taking certain actions than it would otherwise make in the absence of such carried interest or performance-based fees or allocations. It may also create incentives to influence how we establish economic terms for future products. In addition, we may have an incentive to make exit determinations based on factors that maximize economics in favor of the persons entitled to performance-based fees relative to us and our non-participating stockholders. Our failure to appropriately address any actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest resulting from our entitlement to receive performance income from many of our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including limiting our ability to raise additional products, attract new clients or retain existing clients. Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment Our business is subject to extensive domestic and foreign regulations that may subject us to significant costs and compliance requirements, and there can be no assurance that we will satisfactorily comply with such regulations. Our business, as well as the financial services industry generally, is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations or exchanges in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate relating to, among other things, securities, antitrust, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, tax and privacy. Each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities. In particular, the SEC has proposed, and is expected to continue to propose, a number of new rules that would impose significant changes on investment advisers and their management of private funds. While the SEC has recently withdrawn a number of 45 Table of Contents proposed regulations perceived as burdensome to private funds advisers, particularly those related to ESG investing and cybersecurity, new SEC rules could result in changes to our operations and could materially impact our products and/or their investments, including by causing us to incur additional expenses. We have expanded our business globally. Differences between the laws and rules governing our business in foreign jurisdictions compared to the United States result in inconsistent regulatory requirements that it may not be possible to fully reconcile in a cost-efficient manner across our business. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting, accounting and corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) and Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) that apply to issuers of listed equity, which impose certain significant compliance requirements, costs and obligations upon us. The requirements of being a publicly listed company and ongoing compliance with these rules and regulations require a significant commitment of additional resources and management oversight, which increases our operating costs and could divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns. The SEC oversees the activities of certain of our subsidiaries that are registered investment advisers under the Advisers Act and the activities of our Regulated Products that are regulated under the Investment Company Act. FINRA and the SEC oversee the activities of our wholly owned subsidiary Blue Owl Securities as a registered broker-dealer, which also maintains licenses in all states. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 The Advisers Act imposes specific restrictions on an investment adviser’s ability to engage in principal and agency cross transactions. Our registered investment advisers are subject to additional requirements that cover, among other things, disclosure of information about our business to clients; maintenance of written policies and procedures; maintenance of extensive books and records; restrictions on the types of fees we may charge, including performance fees and carried interest; maintaining effective compliance programs; custody of client assets; client privacy; advertising; and proxy voting. Failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the Advisers Act could result in investigations, sanctions, fines, restrictions on the activities of us or our personnel and reputational damage. Under the Advisers Act, an investment adviser (whether or not registered under the Advisers Act) has fiduciary duties to its clients. The SEC has interpreted those duties to impose standards, requirements and limitations on, among other things, trading for proprietary, personal and client accounts; allocations of investment opportunities among clients; execution of transactions; and recommendations to clients. Investment Company Act Our subsidiaries are the advisers to our Regulated Products, which are subject to the rules and regulations under the Investment Company Act. Our Regulated Products are required to file shareholder reports with the SEC and also are required to comply with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Furthermore, advisers to our Regulated Products have a fiduciary duty under the Investment Company Act not to charge excessive compensation, and the Investment Company Act grants our Regulated Products’ equityholders a direct private right of action against investment advisers to seek redress for alleged violations of this fiduciary duty. While we exercise broad discretion over the day-to-day management of our Regulated Products, each of our Regulated Products is also subject to oversight and management by a board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, a majority of whom are not “interested persons” as defined under the Investment Company Act. The responsibilities of each of our Regulated Product’s boards include, among other things, approving our advisory contract with the applicable Regulated Product that we manage; approving certain service providers; monitoring transactions involving affiliates; and approving certain co-investment transactions. Additionally, each quarter, the applicable investment adviser, as the valuation designee, will provide the audit committee of each of our Regulated Products with a summary or description of material fair value matters that occurred in the prior quarter and on an annual basis, as well as a written assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of its fair value process. The audit committee of each of our Regulated Products oversees the valuation designee and reports to the respective Regulated Product’s board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, on any valuation matters requiring such board’s attention. The advisory contracts with each of our Regulated Products may be terminated by the equityholders, directors or trustees of such Regulated Product on not more than 60 days’ notice, and are subject to annual renewal by each respective Regulated Product’s board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, after an initial two-year term. 46 Table of Contents Our Regulated Products are also prohibited from knowingly participating in certain transactions with their affiliates, except as permitted by the Investment Company Act and the Co-investment Exemptive Order. For additional details, see “—Conflicts of Interest—Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities.” The Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk-taking by covered financial institutions. In 2016, federal bank regulatory authorities and the SEC revised and re-proposed a rule that generally (1) prohibits incentive-based payment arrangements that are determined to encourage inappropriate risks by certain financial institutions by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss and (2) requires those financial institutions to disclose information concerning incentive-based compensation arrangements to the appropriate federal regulator. The SEC has proposed but has not yet adopted such rule. To the extent such rules are adopted, our ability to recruit and retain investment professionals and senior management executives could be adversely impacted. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”) has the authority to review the activities of certain nonbank financial firms engaged in financial activities and designate them as systemically important financial institutions (“SIFI”). Currently, there are no non-bank financial companies with a non-bank SIFI designation. The FSOC has, however, designated certain non-bank financial companies as SIFIs in the past, and additional non-bank financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as SIFIs in the future. In November 2023, FSOC adopted amendments to its guidance regarding procedures for designating non-bank financial companies as SIFIs which eliminated the prior guidance’s prioritization of an “activities-based” approach for identifying, assessing and addressing potential risks to financial stability. The elimination of an “activities-based” approach over designation of an individual firm as a non-bank SIFI may increase the likelihood of FSOC designating one or more firms as a non-bank SIFI. If we were designated as such, it would result in increased regulation of our businesses, including the imposition of capital, leverage, liquidity and risk management standards, credit exposure reporting and concentration limits, enhanced public disclosures, restrictions on acquisitions and annual stress tests by the Federal Reserve. Requirements such as these, which were designed to regulate banking institutions, would likely need to be modified to be applicable to an asset manager, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be adapted for asset managers. Other Securities Laws In addition, we regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, state securities (blue sky) laws and foreign securities laws. Those exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. The revocation, challenge or unavailability of these exemptions could increase our cost of doing business or subject us to regulatory action or third-party claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Compliance with existing and new regulations subjects us to significant costs. Any changes or other developments in the regulatory framework applicable to our business and changes to formerly accepted industry practices, may impose additional costs on us, require the attention of our senior management or limit the manner in which we conduct our business. We may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Additional legislation or regulations, increasing global regulatory oversight of fundraising activities, changes in rules promulgated by self-regulatory organizations or exchanges or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability. Moreover, our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, including labor and employment laws, could result in fines, censure, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of the registration of our relevant subsidiaries as investment advisers or our broker-dealer affiliate as a registered broker-dealer. Even if a sanction is imposed against us, one of our subsidiaries or our affiliates or our personnel by a regulator for a small monetary amount, the costs incurred in responding to such matters could be material. The adverse publicity related to the sanction could harm our reputation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, making it harder for us to raise new and successor products and discouraging others from doing business with us or accepting investments from our products. United Kingdom Exit from the European Union (“EU”) 47 Table of Contents On January 31, 2020, the UK formally withdrew from the EU (“Brexit”) and entered into a transition period during which the majority of the existing EU rules continued to apply in the UK. Following the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020, EU rules ceased to apply in the UK. Although the terms of the UK’s future relationship with the EU were agreed in a trade and cooperation agreement signed on December 30, 2020, this did not include an agreement on financial services. In the absence of a formal agreement, UK firms in the financial sector have more limited access to the EU market than prior to Brexit and EU firms similarly have more limited access to the UK market, owing to the loss of passporting rights under applicable EU and UK legislation. Alternative arrangements and structures may allow for the provision of cross-border marketing and services between the EU and UK, but these are subject to legal uncertainty and the risk that further legislative and regulatory restrictions could be imposed in the future. As a result of the onshoring of EU legislation in the UK, UK firms are currently subject to substantially many of the same rules and regulations as prior to Brexit. However, the UK government has begun to revise certain areas of onshored EU legislation as part of UK financial services legislation and regulation, which could result in substantive changes to regulatory requirements in the UK. It remains to be seen to what extent the UK may elect to diverge from the current EU-influenced regime over time. It is possible that the EU may respond to UK initiatives by restricting third country access to EU markets. If the regulatory regimes for EU and UK financial services change or diverge further, our products and investments and their ability to achieve their investment objectives may be negatively impacted, including as a result of increased costs and complexity and/or new restrictions in relation to cross-border access between the EU and non-EU jurisdictions. The ongoing legal, political and economic uncertainty and disruption generally resulting from Brexit may adversely affect both EU- and UK-based businesses. Continuing uncertainty and the prospect of further disruption may result in an economic slowdown and/or a deteriorating business environment in the UK and in one or more EU Member States. Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) The AIFMD regulates the activities of certain private fund managers undertaking fund management activities or marketing fund interests to investors in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the UK, respectively. To the extent our products are actively marketed to investors domiciled or having their registered office in the EEA or the UK: (i) those products and certain Blue Owl entities will be subject to certain reporting, disclosure and other compliance obligations under the AIFMD, which will result in those products incurring additional costs and expenses; (ii) those products and certain Blue Owl entities may become subject to additional regulatory or compliance obligations arising under national law in certain EEA jurisdictions or the UK, which would result in those products incurring additional costs and expenses or may otherwise affect the management and operation of those products; (iii) certain Blue Owl entities will be required to make detailed information relating to certain products and their investments available to regulators and third parties; and (iv) the AIFMD will also restrict certain activities of those products in relation to EEA or UK portfolio companies, including, in some circumstances, a product’s ability to recapitalize, refinance or potentially restructure a portfolio company within the first two years of ownership, which may in turn affect operations of said products generally. In addition, it is possible that some jurisdictions will elect to restrict or prohibit the marketing of non-EEA products to investors based in EEA jurisdictions, which may make it more difficult for certain products to raise their targeted amount of Commitments. In relation to certain products, we have engaged or plan to engage a third party to provide alternative investment fund manager (an “AIFM”) services to said products(s). This third party AIFM provides similar services to other sponsors and products. As a result, the successful operation of the relevant products will depend in part on the third party’s ability to provide these services. The loss or reduction of the services provided by the third party could adversely affect the ongoing operation of the relevant products. The third party is appointed as the AIFM for other products, and may need to devote substantial amounts of its time and attention to the activities of such other products, which may cause conflicts of interest to arise. In addition, certain changes in the regulatory status of the third party or circumstances relating to such other entities which have engaged the services of the third party may have an adverse effect on the relevant product. Although we will have the ability to replace the third party, the third party’s breach of the applicable agreements or the failure of the third party to make decisions, perform its services, discharge its obligations, deal with regulatory authorities or comply with laws, rules and regulations affecting the relevant product, in a proper manner, or to act in ways that are in the relevant product’s best interest could result in material adverse consequences for the relevant product. Should the third party fail to perform its obligations under any applicable agreements between it and the Blue Owl entity it is engaged by, a replacement AIFM may be required, and such replacement AIFM may be subject to approval by the relevant regulatory authority. We may not be able to replace the AIFM, or do so on a timely basis. 48 Table of Contents Alternatively, if we are able to find a replacement service provider to act as AIFM, the replacement service provider may demand terms that are unfavorable to the relevant product. AIFMD II AIFMD II will impose obligations including: (i) minimum substance considerations that EU regulators will need to take into account during the AIFM authorization process; (ii) enhanced requirements around delegation, including additional reporting requirements in relation to delegation arrangements; (iii) new requirements applying to AIFMs managing products that originate loans, irrespective of whether loan origination forms a core part of the relevant strategy for the product, or is merely incidental or occasional (including (to the extent applicable to the relevant product), in respect of (a) policies and procedures for lending, (b) limits on lending exposure to a financial institution, (c) prohibitions on lending to certain associated persons, (d) a ban on ‘originate-to-distribute’ strategies, (e) risk retention requirements and (f) mandatory disclosures and reporting); (iv) increased investor pre-contractual disclosure requirements, notably around fees and charges; (v) additional requirements in respect of liquidity management for products which constitute an “open-ended fund” (within the meaning of AIFMD); and (vi) a prohibition on non-EU AIFMs and AIFs established in jurisdictions identified as “high risk” countries under the European Anti-Money Laundering Directive (as amended) or the revised EU list of non-cooperative tax jurisdictions. The final text of AIFMD II was published in the Official Journal of the EU in March 2024, with AIFMD II due to be implemented by EU Member States from 2026. It is possible that AIFMD II may require additional costs, expenses and/or resources, as well as restricting or prohibiting certain activities, including in relation to products that originate loans and managers or products established in jurisdictions outside the EU identified as having anti-money laundering and/or tax failings. In some circumstances, certain Blue Owl entities may be considered non-EEA managers under AIFMD. Non-EEA managers are expected to be subject to reporting and disclosure requirements under AIFMD II as well as the prohibition in respect of “high risk” jurisdictions for anti-money laundering and tax purposes. The application of other AIFMD II requirements may depend on how far individual Member States elect to apply AIFMD II to non-EEA managers, and whether any Blue Owl entities market products into the EEA. This may affect certain Blue Owl products from implementing their strategy, and/or lead to increased legal and compliance costs, in one or more EEA Member States. Specifically, as certain Blue Owl entities may be considered non-EEA managers of certain products, whereas a third party may be the EEA AIFM of certain other products, it is possible that the implementation of AIFMD II could result in differing compliance requirements applying among different products in the same strategy. The extent to which certain Blue Owl entities and/or the third party AIFM will be subject to AIFMD II is uncertain and it is possible that the implementation of any future regulation may impact certain Blue Owl entities and/or the third party AIFM (and, as a result, the respective products they manage) in the same manner or, in the alternative, may place additional burdens on third party AIFM relative to certain Blue Owl entities or vice versa. Credit funds have been the subject of increasing regulatory focus at international and regional levels. To the extent that our products are engaged in lending activity, they may be subject to restrictions on their activities and be obliged to comply with regulatory reporting and disclosure requirements in accordance with AIFMD II and/or other future regulatory initiatives. This may impact the activities and/or returns of the relevant product, lead to additional costs and expenses, and/or require the commitment of additional resources. The International Organization of Securities Commissions (“IOSCO”) and the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) have called on regulators to consider issues arising from the rapid growth in private finance, including in relation to systemic risk, transparency, leverage, liquidity, and conflicts of interest. It is likely that regulators will continue to focus on the credit funds sector and may introduce further regulatory requirements in the future. Starting in 2026, AIFMD II will introduce rules in respect of products that originate loans, including in relation to (a) leverage limits, (b) liquidity requirements for products which constitute ‘open-ended loan-originating funds’ under the AIFMD, (c) limits on lending exposure to a single financial institution, (d) a prohibition on lending to certain entities and/or individuals that may give rise to conflicts of interest, (e) a ban on ‘originate-to-distribute’ strategies, (f) a risk retention requirement, (g) mandatory disclosures and reporting and (h) policies and procedures for loan origination. It remains uncertain whether or not the AIFMD II requirements in respect of products that originate loans will apply to certain Blue Owl entities which act as non-EEA AIFMs of certain Blue Owl products. The relevant product may or may not, therefore, be required to comply with the AIFMD II requirements for products that originate loans. If the relevant product is required to comply with the AIFMD II requirements, this could affect the relevant product’s investment portfolio, require the implementation of policies and procedures for loan origination, and lead to an increase in the resources and costs necessary for compliance. In addition, as certain Blue Owl entities may be considered non-EEA managers of certain products, whereas a third party may be the EEA AIFM of certain other products, it is possible that the implementation of AIFMD II could result in 49 Table of Contents varying application of the rules relating to funds originating loans as between different products in the same strategy and, therefore, a divergence between their respective portfolio investments and related policies and procedures. In particular, certain products may not be required to comply with the AIFMD II requirements which could result in different investment portfolios as between these products and other products being required to comply with AIFMD II. Heightened scrutiny of the financial services industry by regulators may materially and adversely affect our business. The financial services industry has been the subject of heightened scrutiny by regulators around the globe. In particular, the SEC and its staff have focused more narrowly on issues relevant to alternative asset management firms, including by forming specialized units devoted to examining such firms and, in certain cases, bringing enforcement actions against the firms, their principals and employees. In recent periods there have been a number of enforcement actions within the industry, and it is expected that the SEC will continue to pursue enforcement actions against asset managers. While the current administration and the current leadership of the SEC have indicated that they intend to not adopt certain proposals or modify or repeal certain regulations perceived as burdensome to private fund advisers, particularly those related to sustainability investing and cybersecurity, the evolving regulatory landscape has caused and could further cause us to reevaluate certain practices and adjust our compliance control function as necessary and appropriate. The SEC’s recent list of examination priorities for investment advisers includes such items as investment advisers’ adherence to fiduciary standards of conduct and effectiveness of advisers’ compliance programs, as well as specific priority areas for advisers to private funds, including disclosure of conflicts of interests and risks, adequacy of policies and procedures and advisory of alternative investment strategies or complex investment products. The SEC also highlighted its focus on investment advisers that are dually registered as broker-dealers and compliance with newly adopted SEC rules, including Regulations S-ID and S-P. Many firms have received inquiries during examinations or directly from the SEC’s Division of Enforcement regarding various transparency-related topics, including the acceleration of monitoring fees, the allocation of broken-deal expenses, outside business activities of firm principals and employees, group purchasing arrangements and general conflicts of interest disclosures. While we believe we have made appropriate and timely disclosures regarding the foregoing, the SEC staff may disagree. Further, the SEC continues to prioritize the oversight of registered investment companies and their compliance programs, as well as broker-dealer’s compliance with financial responsibility rule and trading-related practices. The SEC has previously highlighted board oversight and valuation practices for vehicles regulated or registered under the Investment Company Act as one of its areas of focus in investment adviser examinations and has instituted enforcement actions against advisers for misleading investors about valuation. If the SEC were to investigate and find errors in a Regulated Product’s board’s (or its designee’s) methodologies or procedures, we and/or members of any such product’s board and management could be subject to penalties and fines, which could harm our reputation and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our provision of asset management services to the insurance industry subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties. In July 2024, we acquired KAM and established Blue Owl Insurance Solutions (“Insurance Solutions”). This platform offers insurance-focused strategies across a wide range of asset classes and risk spectrums, including asset-backed finance, commercial real estate lending, private corporate credit and structured products. Insurance Solutions currently manages assets for a number of insurance and reinsurance companies and their affiliates pursuant to several investment management agreements and has developed, and may continue to develop, other capital-efficient products for insurance and reinsurance companies. The growth and performance of our Insurance Solutions platform will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain asset management arrangements and other investment partnerships with current and new insurance and/or reinsurance company clients. There is no assurance of whether or when we will be able to achieve the growth we expect, if at all. If we fail to deliver high-quality, high-performing products and strategies that help our insurance and reinsurance company clients meet long-term policyholder obligations, we may not be successful in retaining existing investment partnerships, developing new investment partnerships or originating or selling capital-efficient assets or products and such failure may have a material adverse effect on the growth of our Insurance Solutions platform, and on our overall business, results and financial condition. The U.S. and non-U.S. insurance and reinsurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. Regulatory authorities in many relevant jurisdictions have broad regulatory (including through certain regulatory support organizations), administrative, and in some cases discretionary, authority with respect to insurance and reinsurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance and reinsurance companies may 50 Table of Contents acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements and capital adequacy. These requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance and reinsurance companies, which may indirectly affect us as a result of our relationships with our insurance and reinsurance company clients. We may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement investigations or regulatory scrutiny. Regulators and other authorities generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance and/or reinsurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of licenses, cease-and-desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. To the extent we are involved in such regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Insurance and reinsurance regulatory authorities and regulatory support organizations in the U.S. and outside the U.S. have increased scrutiny of alternative asset managers’ involvement in the insurance and reinsurance industries, including with respect to the ownership by such managers or their affiliated funds of, and the management of assets on behalf of, insurance companies. For example, insurance regulators, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) — the U.S. standard-setting and regulatory support organization for the insurance industry — have increasingly focused on the terms and structure of investment management agreements, including whether they are at arms’ length, establish a control relationship with the insurance company, grant the asset manager excessive authority or oversight over the investment strategy of the insurance company or provide for management fees that are not fair and reasonable or termination provisions that make it difficult or costly for the insurer to terminate the agreement. Regulators have also increasingly focused on the risk profile of certain investments held by insurance and reinsurance companies (including, without limitation, all or certain tranches of collateralized loan obligations and other structured securities), appropriateness of investment ratings and potential conflicts of interest, including affiliated investments, and potential misalignment of incentives and any potential risks from these and other aspects of an insurance or reinsurance company’s relationship with alternative asset managers that may impact the insurance or reinsurance company’s risk profile. This enhanced scrutiny may increase the risk of regulatory actions against us and could result in new or amended regulations that limit our ability, or make it more burdensome or costly, to enter into new investment management agreements with insurance or reinsurance companies and thereby grow our insurance strategy. Some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance and reinsurance companies involve complex U.S. and non-U.S. tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Such structures may be subject to potential regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative change, scrutiny or differing interpretations and any adverse regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative changes, scrutiny or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance or reinsurance companies or us. Insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. Many of the insurance-focused strategies we originate or develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency or the NAIC’s Securities Valuation Office (“SVO”), as applicable, with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to invest or deploy capital on behalf of insurers. Furthermore, insurance and reinsurance companies are subject to certain minimum capital and surplus requirements that vary by the jurisdiction where the insurance or reinsurance company is domiciled and are generally subject to change over time. In the United States, our insurance company clients are subject to risk-based capital (“RBC”) standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed by state laws. The RBC standards are based upon the Risk-Based Capital for Insurers Model Act promulgated by the NAIC, as adopted by applicable clients’ insurance regulators. Our Bermuda reinsurance company clients are subject to Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirements standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed by the Bermuda Monetary Authority. New statutory accounting guidance or changes or clarifications in interpretations of existing guidance may adversely impact our ability to originate, or invest in, such assets on behalf of our insurance and reinsurance company clients or cause such clients to increase their required capital in respect of such assets, thus making such assets less attractive to insurers, which may adversely affect our business. Certain proposals or exposure drafts released by insurance regulatory authorities, including the NAIC or the SVO, may result in changes to the risk-based capital treatment and/or ratings or re-ratings processes of certain assets or investments that are, or may be, held by our insurance company clients. Regulations governing the operations of certain of our products affect their ability to raise, and the way in which the applicable products raise, additional capital. Our BDCs have elected to be regulated as business development companies under the Investment Company Act and OWLCX is registered as a closed-end management investment company under the Investment Company Act. Many of the regulations 51 Table of Contents governing these products restrict, among other things, the amount of leverage they can incur and co-investments and other transactions with other entities within Blue Owl. Certain of our products may be restricted from engaging in transactions with our Regulated Products and their subsidiaries. As entities regulated or registered under the Investment Company Act, our Regulated Products may issue debt securities or preferred stock and borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as “senior securities,” up to the maximum amount permitted by the Investment Company Act. Generally, our Regulated Products are not able to issue and sell their common stock or shares, as applicable, at a price below net asset value per share. However, in limited circumstances, our Regulated Products may issue and sell their common stock or shares, as applicable, at a price below net asset value per share if certain conditions are met, including, among other things, that stockholders or shareholders, as applicable, of the applicable Regulated Product approve such issuance or sale. In addition, as BDCs that are subject to regulations under the Investment Company Act, our BDCs are currently permitted to incur indebtedness or issue senior securities only in amounts such that their asset coverage ratio equals at least 150% after each such issuance, except in the instance of OBDC II, which is required to maintain an asset coverage ratio of at least 200%. OWLCX is currently permitted to incur indebtedness or issue senior securities only in amount such that its asset coverage ratio equals at least 300% after each such issuance (or 200% in the case of preferred stock). Our Regulated Products’ ability to pay dividends will be restricted if such Regulated Product’s asset coverage ratio falls below the required asset coverage ratio and any amounts that it uses to service its indebtedness are not available for dividends to its common stockholders. Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our Regulated Products, and as a result, on us. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, our Regulated Products have elected to be treated as RICs under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) and one or more products that we manage includes in its structure a REIT. To maintain their status as RICs or REITs, each such vehicle must meet, among other things, certain source of income, asset and annual distribution requirements. Qualification as a REIT also depends on a REIT’s ability to meet various tax requirements, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership, and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of their assets and the sources of their income. Each of our REITs and RICs (including our Regulated Products) is required to generally distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its investment company taxable income to maintain its RIC or REIT status, as applicable. If a REIT or a RIC fails to qualify as a REIT or RIC in any taxable year, it will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates, and applicable state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to its investors. If any of our Regulated Products or REITs fail to maintain RIC or REIT, as applicable, tax treatment for any reason and are subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, the resulting taxes could substantially reduce their net assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our Regulated Products and REITs, and as a result, on the management fees we may earn from our Regulated Products and REITs. We, our products and our products’ portfolio companies are subject to increasing scrutiny from certain investors, third party assessors, our stockholders, regulators and other stakeholders with respect to ESG-related topics. We, our products and our products’ portfolio companies face increasing scrutiny from certain investors, third party assessors that measure companies’ ESG performance, our stockholders, regulators and other stakeholders related to ESG-related topics, including in relation to diversity and inclusion, human rights, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency. For example, we, our products and our products’ portfolio companies risk damage to our brands and reputations if we or they do not act (or are perceived to not act) responsibly either with respect to responsible investing processes or ESG-related practices. Adverse incidents related to ESG practices could impact the value of our brand, the brand of our products or our products’ portfolio companies, or the cost of our or their operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, there can be no assurance that any of our ESG initiatives or commitments will meet the standards or expectations of investors or other stakeholders. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish our goals related to responsible investing or ESG practices, as statements regarding our ESG and responsible investing commitments and priorities reflect our current estimates, plans and/or aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them within the timelines we announce or at all. Additionally, we are permitted to determine that it is not feasible or practical to implement or complete certain aspects of our responsible investing program or ESG initiatives based on cost, timing or other considerations. In recent years, certain investors have placed increasing importance on policies and practices related to responsible investing and ESG for the products to which they commit capital and investors may decide not to commit capital to future fundraises based on their assessment of our approach to and consideration of ESG-related issues or risks. Similarly, a variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. If our responsible investing or ESG-related practices or ratings do not meet the standards set by such investors or organizations, or if we receive a negative rating or assessment from any such organization, or if we fail, or are perceived to fail, to demonstrate 52 Table of Contents progress toward our ESG priorities and initiatives, they may choose not to invest in our products or common stock, and we may face reputational damage. Similarly, it is expected that investor and/or stockholder demands will require us to spend additional resources on and place continued importance on business relevant ESG factors in our review of prospective investments and management of existing ones. Devoting additional resources to our responsible investing or ESG-related practices could increase the amount of expenses we or our investments are required to bear. For example, collecting, measuring, and reporting ESG information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming, is subject to evolving reporting standards, and can present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks. To the extent our access to capital from investors focused on ESG ratings or ESG-related matters is impaired, we may not be able to maintain or increase the size of our existing products or raise sufficient capital for new products, which may adversely affect our revenues. Further, interest on the part of investors and regulators in ESG-related topics and themes and increased demand for, and scrutiny of, ESG-related disclosure by asset managers, has also increased the risk that asset managers could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding the ESG-related investment strategies of their and their funds’ responsible investing or ESG-related efforts or initiatives, or “greenwashing.” This risk may also materialize where ESG-related statements and/or disclosures made by a product’s portfolio companies are materially inconsistent with our ESG-related statements or disclosures, including those made on a voluntary basis or pursuant to any applicable regulation, such as Regulation EU 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (the “SFDR”). Such perception or accusation could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory actions and adversely impact our ability to raise capital. At the same time, various stakeholders may have differing approaches to responsible investing activities or divergent views on the consideration of ESG topics, including in the countries in which Blue Owl operates and invests, as well as in the states and localities where Blue Owl serves public sector clients. These differing views increase the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to our consideration of responsible investing or ESG-related practices will be perceived negatively. Several states, the executive branch, federal agencies and Congress have enacted, proposed or indicated an intent to pursue “anti-ESG” policies, legislation, or initiatives, issued related legal opinions and engaged in related investigations and litigation. For example: (i) boycott bills target financial institutions that “boycott” or “discriminate against” companies in certain industries (e.g., energy and mining) and prohibit state entities from doing business with such institutions and/or investing the state’s assets (including pension plan assets) through such institutions; and (ii) ESG investment prohibitions require that state entities or managers/administrators of state investments make investments based solely on pecuniary factors without consideration of ESG factors. If investors subject to such legislation view our products’ responsible investing or ESG practices as being in contradiction of such “anti-ESG” policies, legislation or legal opinions, such investors may not invest in our products, our ability to maintain the size of our products could be impaired, and/or it could negatively affect the results of our operations, cash flow, or price of our common stock. Further, asset managers have been subject to scrutiny related to ESG-focused industry working groups, initiatives and associations, including organizations advancing action to address climate change or climate-related risk. In addition, state attorneys general, among others, have asserted that the Supreme Court’s decision striking down race-based affirmative action in higher education in June 2023 should be analogized to private employment matters and private contract matters. Cases alleging discrimination based on similar arguments have been filed since that decision, with scrutiny of certain corporate diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) practices increasing throughout 2025. Additionally, in January 2025, the current Presidential administration signed a number of executive orders focused on DEI (the “Executive Orders”), which include a broad mandate to eliminate federal DEI programs and a caution to the private sector to end what may be viewed as illegal DEI discrimination and preferences. The Executive Orders have resulted in upcoming compliance investigations of private entities, including publicly traded companies, and changes to federal contracting regulations. If we do not successfully manage expectations across these varied stakeholder interests, it could erode stakeholder trust, impact our reputation, and/or constrain our investment and fundraising opportunities. Such scrutiny of both ESG and DEI related practices could expose us to additional compliance obligations, the risk of litigation, investigations or challenges by federal or state authorities, result in reputational harm and/or discourage certain investors from investing in our products. We are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators with respect to ESG-related issues and the regulatory disclosure landscape surrounding related topics continues to evolve. Responsible investing, ESG practices and ESG-related disclosures have been the subject of increased focus by certain regulators, and regulatory initiatives related to ESG-specific topics that are applicable to us, our products and our products’ portfolio companies could adversely affect our business. There has been a growing regulatory interest across jurisdictions in improving transparency regarding the definition, measurement and disclosure of ESG factors in order to allow investors to validate and better understand sustainability claims, including in the United States, the EU and the UK. For example, the SEC sometimes reviews compliance with ESG commitments in examinations, and it has taken enforcement actions against registered investment advisers for not establishing adequate or consistently implementing ESG policies and procedures to meet ESG commitments to investors. 53 Table of Contents In addition, in October 2023, California enacted legislation that will ultimately require certain companies that (i) do business in California to publicly disclose their Scopes 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions, with third party assurance of such data (Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act, or “SB 253”), and issue public reports on their climate-related financial risk and related mitigation measures (Climate-related Financial Risk Act, or “SB 261”) and (ii) operate in California and make certain climate-related claims to provide enhanced disclosures around the achievement of climate-related claims, including the use of voluntary carbon credits to achieve such claims. Pending litigation against SB 253 and SB 261 creates ongoing uncertainty around the enforceability of these requirements and the timeline and cost of compliance, and certain requirements are currently enjoined. From a European perspective, the EU has in place regulations aimed at increasing transparency for investors of sustainability-related policies, processes, performance and commitments which apply to certain of our products, including, without limitation: (a) the SFDR, for which most rules took effect beginning on March 10, 2021 and (b) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending the SFDR. In November 2025, the European Commission published a draft legislative proposal to revise SFDR to introduce, among others, new categories for sustainability-related financial products with related criteria that are required to be met for each category. Relatedly, the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) has identified promoting transparency through effective sustainability disclosures and addressing greenwashing as one of its key priorities per ESMA’s sustainable finance roadmap and strategy. ESMA has also introduced guidelines on funds with ESG, impact, transition or sustainability-related terms in their names. There are still some uncertainties regarding the operation of some of these requirements and how they might evolve, and an established market practice is still being developed in certain cases, which can lead to diverging implementation and/or operationalization, data gaps or methodological challenges which may affect our ability to collect relevant data. These regimes continue to evolve and there is still a lack of clarity and established practice around the approach to their supervision and enforcement, which may vary across national competent authorities. There is a risk that a development or reorientation in the regulatory requirements or market practice in this respect could be adverse to our investments if they are perceived to be less valuable as a consequence of, among other things, their carbon footprint or perceived “greenwashing.” Compliance with requirements of this nature may also increase risks relating to financial supervision and enforcement action. There is also a risk that market expectations in relation to SFDR categorization of financial products could adversely affect our ability to raise capital, especially from EEA investors. In November 2023, the Sustainability Labelling and Disclosure of Sustainability-Related Financial Information Instrument 2023 introduced sustainability disclosure requirements, voluntary investment product labels and an “anti-greenwashing” rule. The anti-greenwashing rule applies to all UK-authorized firms in relation to sustainability-related claims made in their communications, and/or communications of financial promotions with, clients in the UK. The balance of the new regime is currently directed at UK investment funds and UK-regulated asset management firms as well as distributors of such funds. In Asia, examples of ESG-related regulations include those by regulators in Singapore and Hong Kong have released guidelines for asset managers to integrate climate risk considerations in investment and risk management processes, together with enhanced disclosure and reporting and have also issued enhanced rules for certain ESG funds on general ESG risk management and disclosure. As a result of these and other legislative and regulatory initiatives, and as our business grows through acquisition activity or changes to our structure, we may be required to provide additional disclosure to investors in our products with respect to ESG matters. This exposes us to increased disclosure risks, for example due to a lack of available or credible data, and the potential for conflicting disclosures may also expose us to an increased risk of misstatement litigation or miss-selling allegations. Failure to manage these risks could result in a material adverse effect on our business in a number of ways. Compliance with frameworks of this nature may create an additional compliance burden and increased legal, compliance, governance, reporting and other costs to funds and/or fund managers because of the need to collect certain information to meet the disclosure requirements. In addition, where there are uncertainties regarding the operation of the framework, a lack of official, conflicting or inconsistent regulatory guidance, a lack of established market practice and/or data gaps or methodological challenges affecting the ability to collect relevant data, funds and/or fund managers may be required to engage third party advisers and/or service providers to fulfil the requirements, thereby exacerbating any increase in compliance burden and costs. To the extent that any applicable jurisdictions enact similar laws and/or frameworks, there is a risk that our products may not be able to maintain alignment of a particular investment with such frameworks, and/or may be subject to additional compliance burdens and costs, which might adversely affect the investment returns of our products. 54 Table of Contents Climate change and climate-related effects may expose us to systemic, global and macroeconomic risks and could adversely affect our business and the businesses of our products’ portfolio companies. Global climate change is widely considered to be a significant threat to the global economy. We, our products and our products’ portfolio companies may face risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as an increased frequency or severity of extreme weather events and rising sea levels and temperatures. For some of our products and our products’ portfolio companies, climate change may also impact their profitability and costs, as well as pose systemic risks for their businesses. For example, to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use by us, our products or our products’ portfolio companies could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of us, our products or our products’ portfolio companies. On the other hand, a decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our products’ portfolio companies’ financial condition through decreased revenues. Additionally, extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, including costs of insurance (particularly for real estate in certain regions), and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. While the United States has withdrawn from the Paris Agreement, various other regulatory and voluntary initiatives launched by international, federal, state, and regional policymakers and regulatory authorities as well as private actors seeking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions may expose our business operations, products and products’ portfolio companies to other types of transition risks, such as: (i) political and policy risks, including changing regulatory incentives, and legal requirements (including with respect to greenhouse gas emissions) that could result in increased costs or changes in business operations; (ii) regulatory and litigation risks, including changing legal requirements that could result in increased permitting, tax and compliance costs, enhanced disclosure obligations, changes in business operations, or the discontinuance of certain operations, and litigation seeking monetary or injunctive relief related to impacts related to climate change; (iii) technology and market risks, including declining market for investments in industries seen as greenhouse gas intensive or less effective than alternatives in reducing greenhouse gas emissions; (iv) business trend risks, including requirements for certain portfolio companies related to capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations, and the increased attention to ESG considerations by our investors (including in connection with their determination of whether to invest); and (v) potential harm to our reputation if certain stakeholders, such as our investors or stockholders, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change and/or climate risk management, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our products’ existing portfolios, the new investments made by our products, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. Increased data protection regulation may result in increased complexities and risk in connection with the operation of our business and our products. Our business is highly dependent on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Cybersecurity has become a priority for regulators in the U.S. and around the world. In July 2023, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to disclose material cybersecurity incidents on Form 8-K and periodic disclosure of a registrant’s cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance in annual reports. The SEC has also particularly focused on cybersecurity, and we expect increased scrutiny of our policies and systems designed to manage our cybersecurity risks and our related disclosures as a result. In May 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to Regulation S-P that require covered institutions, such as registered investment advisers, to develop, implement, and maintain written policies and procedures for an incident response program that is reasonably designed to detect, respond to, and recover from unauthorized access to or use of customer information. The amendments also require that the response program include procedures for, with certain limited exceptions, covered institutions to provide notice to individuals whose sensitive customer information was or is reasonably likely to have been accessed or used without authorization. The amendments took effect on August 2, 2024, and had a compliance deadline of December 3, 2025 for large entities. We also have faced, and expect to continue to face, increased costs to comply with the new SEC rules, including increased costs for cybersecurity training and management. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data protection, privacy, cybersecurity and/or information security to which we may be subject (collectively, “Privacy Laws”). Compliance with applicable Privacy Laws may require adhering to stringent legal and operational requirements, which could increase compliance costs for us and require the dedication of additional time and resources to compliance. A failure to comply with applicable Privacy Laws could result in fines, sanctions, enforcement actions or other penalties or reputational damage. In addition, the SEC has indicated in recent periods that one of its examination priorities for the Division of Examinations is to continue to examine cybersecurity procedures and controls, including testing the implementation of these procedures and controls. 55 Table of Contents There may be substantial financial penalties or fines for a failure to comply with applicable Privacy Laws (which may include insufficient security for our personal or other sensitive information). For example, failure to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and the GDPR as it forms part of the laws of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland (the “UK GDPR”) could (in the worst case) attract regulatory penalties up to the greater of (i) 20 million Euros in respect of the GDPR / £17.5 million in respect of the UK GDPR (as applicable), and (ii) 4% of group annual worldwide turnover, as well as the possibility of other enforcement actions (such as suspension of processing activities and audits), and liabilities from third-party claims. Our operations will be impacted by a growing movement to adopt comprehensive privacy and data protection laws similar to the GDPR, including in the U.S., where such laws focus on privacy as an individual right in general. For example, the State of California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which took effect on January 1, 2020, was amended on December 16, 2020, and fully adopted in March 2023 (as amended, the “CCPA”). Further, California passed the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”) to amend and extend the protections of the CCPA. Other jurisdictions, including other states in the United States, have either passed, proposed, adopted or are considering similar laws and regulations to the CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and UK GDPR which impose similarly significant costs, potential liabilities and operational and legal obligations. Further, the fund’s portfolio companies and/or each of their affiliates are subject to regulations related to privacy, data protection and information security in the jurisdictions in which they do business. Such laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, thus increasing costs, operational and legal burdens and the potential for significant liability on regulated entities. Non-compliance with any applicable Privacy Laws represents a serious risk to our business. Many jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal information. For example, the SEC’s most recent amendments to Regulation S-P require notification of affected customers no later than 30 days after becoming aware of a security incident that compromises their sensitive customer information. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our, our employees’ or our product investors’ or counterparties’ confidential or other information processed and stored in, or transmitted through, our computer systems and networks (or those of our third party vendors), or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees’, our product investors’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to our product investors and other counterparties, fines or penalties, litigation, regulatory intervention or reputational damage, which could also lead to loss of product investors or clients. Our use of AI technologies could lead to the exposure of our data or other adverse effects and increase competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks in ways that we cannot predict. Recent technological advances in AI technologies, as well as the rapid growth and widespread use thereof, present risks to our business, products, portfolio companies and investments. AI technologies may result in significant and disruptive changes in companies, sectors or industries, including those in which we invest, and the continued development and adoption of AI technologies could increase the risk of defaults and material declines in business performance across various industries and at specific companies within an industry, even while other companies in such industry benefit from the development and adoption of AI technologies. Any such changes could also render our underwriting models obsolete or create new and unpredictable operational, legal and/or regulatory risks. To the extent our competitors or the competitors of our portfolio companies or investments make more efficient or extensive use of AI technologies, there is a possibility that such competitors will gain a competitive advantage. Many jurisdictions have passed or are considering laws and regulations concerning AI technologies, which could adversely affect our business, products, portfolio companies and investments. Additionally, we, our products and investments could be further exposed to the risks of AI technologies if third-party service providers or any counterparties, whether or not known to us, use AI technologies in their business activities. We will not be able to control the use of AI technologies in third-party products or services, including those provided by our and our affiliates’ service providers. Additionally, we and our personnel expect to use AI technologies in connection with our business activities, including to support our due diligence and investment activities. AI technologies are generally highly reliant on the collection and analysis of large amounts of data, and it is not possible or practicable to review all data upon which AI technologies are trained, or which are otherwise utilized. AI technologies are also highly reliant on the accuracy, adequacy, completeness and objectivity of their underlying data, and any inaccuracies, deficiencies, errors or biases in this data could lead to errors affecting our decision-making and investment processes which could have adverse impacts on us, our products, our portfolio companies and our investments. Furthermore, AI technologies may produce outputs that are inaccurate, incomplete or biased. To the extent we rely on such outputs, errors or limitations in AI technologies could adversely affect our business, investment decisions, or results of operations. We may also communicate externally regarding AI technology-related initiatives, including our development and 56 Table of Contents use of AI technologies, which subjects us to the risk of being accused of making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding our ability to avail ourselves of the potential benefits of AI technologies. Further, the use of AI technologies could include the input of confidential information, including non-public information, either by us, our portfolio companies and investments (including their personnel) or third parties in contravention of non-disclosure agreements, our policies, contractual or other obligations or restrictions to which any of the foregoing or any of their affiliates or representatives are subject to, or otherwise in violation of applicable laws or regulations relating to treatment of confidential and/or personally identifiable information (including material non-public information). By inputting data into AI technologies, such confidential information may become part of a dataset that is accessible by other third-party AI technologies and users. Further, some AI technologies scenarios may present ethical issues. For example, if we, our products or our products’ portfolio companies use, enable or offer AI technologies that is controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment or other social issues, we, our products or our portfolio companies may experience brand or reputational harm. While we may utilize AI technologies in connection with our business activities, including investment activities, we intend to periodically evaluate and/or adjust internal policies governing the use of AI technologies by our personnel. Notwithstanding any such policies, personnel, executive officers, industry specialists, and other persons associated with our business, products, products’ portfolio companies and investments or any affiliates could, unbeknownst to us, utilize AI technologies in contravention of such policies. AI technologies, including in the private investment and financial sectors, continue to develop rapidly, and it is impossible to predict the future risks that may arise from such developments. A number of jurisdictions have passed laws and implemented regulations, or are considering the same, related to the use and development of AI technologies, which could adversely affect us, our business activities and our investments and their businesses. In addition, intellectual property ownership issues, licensing and privacy rights surrounding AI technologies are evolving and have not been fully addressed by U.S. federal or state courts or foreign jurisdictions, which may expose us, our portfolio companies and our investments to claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation or privacy rights violations, or result in inquiries by government bodies or agencies. We are subject to litigation and public perception risks, and consequently, we may face liabilities and damage to our professional reputation. Legal liability and negative publicity relating to our business or the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause reputational harm to us. We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain product investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our products. As a result, allegations by private actors, regulators or employees of improper conduct by us, even if unfounded, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities, our products, our personnel or Partner Managers or the investment industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be damaging to our business and business prospects. In recent periods, there has been increased negative publicity with respect to the private credit industry, which could in the future harm our reputation and adversely affect our client relationships and fundraising efforts. In addition, the laws and regulations governing the limited liability of such issuers and investments vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and in certain contexts the laws of certain jurisdictions may provide not only for carve-outs from limited liability protection for the issuer or portfolio company that has incurred the liabilities, but also for recourse to assets of other entities under common control with, or that are part of the same economic group as, such issuer. For example, if any of our products’ investments is subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction and is found to have liabilities under the local consumer protection, labor, tax or bankruptcy laws, the laws of that jurisdiction may permit authorities or creditors to file a lien on, or to otherwise have recourse to, assets held by other investments (including assets held by our products) in that jurisdiction. There can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected as a result of the foregoing risks. We may not be able to maintain sufficient insurance to cover us for potential litigation or other risks. We may not be able to maintain sufficient insurance on commercially reasonable terms or with adequate coverage levels against potential liabilities we may face in connection with potential claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may face a risk of loss from a variety of claims, including related to securities, antitrust, contracts, cybersecurity, fraud and various other potential claims, whether or not such claims are valid. Insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all, and if a claim is successful and exceeds or is not covered by our insurance policies, we may be required to pay a substantial amount in respect of such successful claim. Certain losses of a catastrophic nature, such as losses arising as a result of wars, systemic risk associated with cyber-kinetic warfare, earthquakes, typhoons, floods, tsunamis, fires, pandemics, health crises, terrorist attacks or other similar events, may be uninsurable or may only be 57 Table of Contents insurable at rates that are so high that maintaining coverage would cause an adverse impact on our business, our investment funds and their investments. In general, losses related to terrorism, cyber incidents and catastrophic nation-state hacks are becoming harder and more expensive to insure against. Some insurers are excluding terrorism coverage from their all-risk policies. In some cases, insurers are offering significantly limited coverage against terrorist acts for additional premiums, which can greatly increase the total cost of casualty insurance for a property. As a result, we, our products and their investments may not be insured against terrorism or certain other catastrophic losses. Failure to comply with “pay to play” regulations implemented by the SEC and certain states, and changes to the “pay to play” regulatory regimes, could adversely affect our business. Certain states and other regulatory authorities require investment managers to register as lobbyists. We, and certain of our employees, are registered as lobbyists in California and in New York. These registration requirements impose significant compliance obligations on registered lobbyists and their employers, which may include annual registration fees, periodic disclosure reports and internal record keeping, and may also prohibit the payment of contingent fees. Under applicable SEC rules, investment advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to track contributions by certain of the adviser’s employees and engagements of third parties that solicit government entities and to keep certain records to enable the SEC to determine compliance with the rule. In addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers. FINRA has its own set of “pay to play” regulations that are similar to the SEC’s regulations. As we have public pension plans that are investors in our products, these rules could impose significant economic sanctions on our business if we or one of the other persons covered by the rules make any prohibited contribution or payment, whether or not material or with an intent to secure an investment from a public pension plan. We may also acquire other investment managers or hire additional personnel who are not subject to the same restrictions as us, but whose activity, and the activity of their employees, prior to our ownership or employment of such person, could affect our product raising. Any failure on our part to comply with these rules could cause us to lose compensation for our advisory services or expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. Failure to comply with anti-corruption laws or with regulations regarding the prevention of money laundering or terrorism or national security could adversely affect our business. We are committed to complying with all applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. As a result, we may forgo investment opportunities because of our unwillingness to participate in transactions that may expose us to risks under applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. Law enforcement agencies in the EU, the UK, the United States and elsewhere devote significant resources to enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, including with respect to investments made by private equity investors. Any failure to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations could have serious legal, financial and reputational consequences, including operational disruptions and significant financial penalties. As part of our responsibility for the prevention of money laundering under applicable laws, we may require detailed verification of a prospective investor’s identity and the source of such prospective investor’s funds. In the event of delay or failure by a prospective investor to produce any such information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to admit the investor to our products. We may from time to time request (outside of the subscription process), and our products’ investors will be obligated to provide to us as appropriate upon such request, additional information as may be required for us to satisfy our obligations under these and other laws that may be adopted in the future. Additionally, we may from time to time be obligated to file reports with regulatory authorities in various jurisdictions with regard to, among other things, the identity of our products’ investors and suspicious activities involving the interests of our products. In the event it is determined that any investor, or any direct or indirect owner of any investor, is a person identified in any of these laws as a prohibited person, or is otherwise engaged in activities of the type prohibited under these laws, we may be obligated, among other actions to be taken, to withhold distributions of any funds otherwise owing to such investor or to cause such investor’s interests to be cancelled or otherwise redeemed (without the payment of any consideration in respect of those interests). The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 require that financial institutions (a term that includes banks, broker-dealers and investment companies) establish and maintain compliance programs to guard against money laundering activities. These implementing regulations were amended to include registered investment advisers within scope of financial institutions that will be obliged to adopt stand-alone anti-money laundering programs, though the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network has postponed the effective date of the amendment to January 1, 2028 58 Table of Contents and announced its intention to revisit the scope and applicability of the amendment to certain asset managers at a future date. Laws or regulations may presently or in the future require us, our products or any of our affiliates or other service providers to establish additional anti-money laundering procedures, to collect information with respect to our products’ investors, to share information with governmental authorities with respect to our products’ investors or to implement additional restrictions on the transfer of the interests. These requirements can lead to increased expenses and exposure to enforcement actions. Economic sanction laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may prohibit us and our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. Economic sanction laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may restrict or prohibit us or our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, territories, individuals and entities. In the U.S., the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) administers and enforces laws, executive orders and regulations establishing U.S. economic and trade sanctions, which restrict or prohibit, among other things, direct and indirect transactions with, and the provision of services to, certain countries, territories, industry sectors, individuals and entities. These types of sanctions may significantly restrict or completely prohibit lending activities in certain jurisdictions, and violation of any such laws or regulations, may result in significant legal and monetary penalties, as well as reputational damage. OFAC sanctions programs change frequently, which may make it more difficult for us or our affiliates to ensure compliance. Moreover, OFAC enforcement is increasing, which may increase the risk that we become the subject of such actual or threatened enforcement. Sanctions laws and regulations enforced by other countries may conflict with U.S. law such that compliance with both becomes difficult or even impossible. Additionally, Section 2019 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (the “ITRA”) amended the Exchange Act to require companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by OFAC during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, the ITRA requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S. law. Companies that currently may be or may have been at the time considered our affiliates, may have from time to time publicly filed and/or provided to us such disclosures. We do not independently verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. We and our publicly traded products are required, either periodically or annually to separately file with the SEC a notice when such activities have been disclosed, and the SEC is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the President and certain U.S. Congressional committees. Disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and any failure to disclose any such activities as required could additionally result in fines or penalties. Certain of the products or accounts we advise or manage comply with an exception under the U.S. Department of Labor’s “plan assets” regulation at 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as amended by Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA,” and such regulation, the “Plan Assets Regulation”) in order to not be subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and our business could be adversely affected if such products or accounts fail to satisfy an exception under the Plan Assets Regulation. A number of investors in our products are subject to the fiduciary and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code; however, the substantial majority of our products rely on the “insignificant participation” exception under the Plan Assets Regulation. We are not, therefore subject to the requirements of ERISA (or the parallel provision of the Code) with respect to the management of those products. However, if those products fail to satisfy that exception for any reason and if no other exception is available, the products would be subject to ERISA, which could materially interfere with our activities in relation to those products or expose us to risks related to our failure to comply with the applicable requirements of ERISA or related contractual undertakings. For example, the governing documents of a fund generally impose certain obligations on the general partner or manager of the fund to cause the assets of the fund to not be treated as “plan assets” under the Plan Assets Regulation, and a breach of that obligation could create liability for us. In addition, if the assets of a fund that is not intended to hold plan assets become plan assets (whether because of our breach, a change in law or otherwise), the application of ERISA-related requirements to our product may prevent us from operating the fund as intended and may cause the fund to breach its obligations with Partner Managers or other investments, which would create significant liabilities for our products and could significantly impact the fund’s ability to make any further investments. Certain of our products and accounts that we manage or advise are subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code. Failure to comply with the requirements of ERISA and/or Section 4975 could subject us to consequences including the imposition of excise taxes, disgorgement of profits, and personal liability. 59 Table of Contents Some of our products and accounts are subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, and we act as a fiduciary under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code with respect to the plan assets invested in such products and accounts. In the management and operation of such products and accounts, we seek to comply with the applicable provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, and do not engage in any transactions which we know or should know are “prohibited transactions” under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code for which no exemption applies. We have adopted and comply with customary ERISA policies and procedures to avoid violating ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, including engaging in a non-exempt prohibited transaction. We satisfy the requirements to be a “qualified professional asset manager” within the meaning of the Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (the “QPAM Exemption”), and we intend to rely on the QPAM Exemption and other prohibited transaction exemption to avoid engaging in non-exempt prohibited transactions. However, if we were to cause a product or account subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code to violate ERISA or engage in a prohibited transaction, we could, among other consequences, be subject to an excise tax on prohibited transactions, be required to disgorge profits and/or make the affected plans whole, or be held personally liable for breach of fiduciary duties. Certain of our products and accounts that we manage or advise are subject to, or are required via our contract with an investor to operate as though subject to, state or local laws, rules and/or regulations which may be similar to the fiduciary and/or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Failure to comply with the requirements of these laws, rules and/or regulations could subject us to consequences, including excise taxes or claims for breach of contract. Some of our products and accounts are subject to, or are required under our contract with a governmental plan investor to operate as though subject to, state or local laws, rules and/or regulations which are similar to the fiduciary and/or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and in some cases, we have agreed to act as a fiduciary under state or local law with respect to the assets of certain governmental plans invested in such products and accounts. In the management and operation of such products and accounts, we seek to comply with our contractual undertakings relating to the applicable provisions of such state and local laws. However, such state and local laws are complex and subject to interpretation, and if we were to cause a product or account to engage in a violation or applicable law or a contractual undertaking, we could, among other consequences, be subject to excise taxes or liability relating to such violation or breach of contract. Changes in tax policies and regulations may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies. The current Presidential administration and the U.S. Congress may introduce new policies and regulations or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies, which could have an adverse impact on us. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, which, among other things, imposes a minimum “book” tax on certain large corporations and creates a new excise tax on net stock repurchases made by certain publicly traded corporations. While the application of this law is uncertain, including as a result of actions taken by the current Presidential administration, and we continue to evaluate its potential impact, these changes could materially change the amount and/or timing of tax Blue Owl may be required to pay. There may also be changes in tax laws or interpretations of tax laws (possibly with retrospective effect) in a jurisdiction in which we and/or our affiliates operate, are managed, are advised, are promoted or invest, or in which any of the investors in our products is resident, that are adverse to us or our affiliates. In particular, both the level and basis of taxation may change. For example, on July 4, 2025, the United States enacted “An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Title II of H. Con. Res. 14” (the “Act”), also known as the “One Big Beautiful Bill,” which includes significant amendments to the Code. The Act did not have a material impact on Blue Owl’s consolidated financial statements. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which we or our affiliates hold investments or in which investors in our products are resident, or the introduction of, or change to, EU directives may adversely affect the ability of our products to efficiently realize income or capital gains and to efficiently repatriate income and capital gains from the jurisdictions in which they arise to partners in the relevant products. Consequently, it is possible that we or our affiliates may face unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that may materially adversely affect the value of our investments or the feasibility of making investments in certain countries. This could significantly affect our returns. In particular, pursuant to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (the “OECD”) BEPS Project, many jurisdictions have introduced domestic legislation implementing certain of the BEPS Actions. Several of the areas of tax law (including double taxation treaties) on which the BEPS Project focuses are relevant to our ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains and to efficiently repatriate income and capital gains from the jurisdictions in which they arise to investors and, depending on the extent to and manner in which relevant jurisdictions have implemented (or implement, as the case may be) changes in those areas of tax law (including double taxation treaties), our ability to do those things may be adversely impacted. Many of the jurisdictions in which we or our affiliates invest or may invest have now ratified, accepted and approved the 60 Table of Contents OECD’s Multilateral Instrument which brings into force a number of relevant changes to double tax treaties within scope. While these changes continue to be introduced, there remains uncertainty as to whether and, if so, to what extent we or our affiliates may benefit from the protections afforded by such treaties and whether we or our affiliates may look to investors in order to derive tax treaty or other benefits. This position is likely to remain uncertain for a number of years. The Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2016/1164 (commonly referred to as “ATAD I”) directly implements some of the BEPS Project actions points within EU law. On May 29, 2017, the Council of the EU formally adopted the Council Directive amending Directive 2016/1164 as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries (commonly referred to as “ATAD II”). ATAD II came into force in Member States on January 1, 2020 (subject to relevant derogation). On December 22, 2021, the European Commission issued a proposal for a Council Directive laying down rules to prevent the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes within the EU (the “Unshell Proposal”). While the European Commission initially expected the Unshell Proposal to be adopted and published into EU member states’ national laws by June 30, 2023, and to come into effect as of January 1, 2024, there is considerable uncertainty surrounding the development of the proposal and its implementation. If adopted in its current form, the proposal could result in additional reporting and disclosure obligations for investment funds and/or their subsidiaries (which may require the sharing with applicable taxing or other governmental authorities’ information concerning investors) and/or additional tax being suffered by us or our affiliates. Further to the BEPS Project, and in particular BEPS Action 1 (“Addressing the Tax Challenges of the Digital Economy”), the OECD published a Report on May 31, 2019 entitled “Programme of Work to Develop a Consensus Solution to the Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalization of the Economy” (as updated on several occasions since and most recently on October 8, 2021 by the “Statement on a Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalization of the Economy”), which proposes fundamental changes to the international tax system. The proposals (commonly referred to as “BEPS 2.0”) are based on two ‘pillars’, involving the reallocation of taxing rights (“Amount A of Pillar One”), and a new global minimum corporate tax rate (“Pillar Two”). Under Amount A of Pillar One, multinational enterprises (“MNEs”) with total group revenues exceeding EUR 20 billion (or equivalent) in a given period and pre-tax profitability exceeding 10% calculated using an averaging mechanism will be subject to rules allocating 25% of profits in excess of a 10% profit margin to the jurisdictions within which they carry on business (subject to threshold rules). Certain entities are excluded, including certain investment funds and real estate investment vehicles (as respectively defined) which are the ultimate parent entity of the MNE group (and certain holding vehicles of such entities). There are also specific exclusions for MNEs carrying on specific low-risk activities, including “regulated financial services” (as defined). Pillar Two imposes a minimum effective tax rate of 15% on MNEs that have consolidated revenues of at least EUR 750 million in at least two out of the last four years (i.e. broadly those MNEs which are required to undertake country by country reporting). Pillar Two introduces two related tax measures (the “GloBE Rules”): the income inclusion rule (“IIR”) imposes a top up tax on a parent entity where a constituent member of the MNE group has low taxed income while the undertaxed payment rule (“UTPR”) applies as a backstop if the constituent member’s income is not taxed by an IIR. Specified classes of entities which are typically exempt from tax are outside the scope of the GloBE Rules, including investment funds and real estate investment vehicles (as respectively defined) which are the ultimate parent entity of the MNE group (and certain holding vehicles of such entities). Additionally, and part of Pillar Two but separate from the GloBE Rules, a subject to tax rule (“STTR”) will permit source jurisdictions to impose limited additional taxation on certain cross-border related party payments where the recipient is subject to a nominal corporate income tax rate (subject, in some circumstances, to certain adjustments) below 9%, which will be creditable against the GloBE Rules tax liability. The GloBE Rules must be implemented through domestic legislation, and on December 20, 2021 the OECD released Pillar Two model rules providing a template for this purpose. Many jurisdictions have enacted legislation, including most EU Member States pursuant to the EU minimum tax directive and the UK, with a view to the IIR and the UTPR taking effect for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Amount A of Pillar One will be implemented through a multilateral convention and the STTR will be implemented, where applicable, either through modifications to bilateral tax treaties or alternatively through a multilateral instrument. The timeline for implementation of both Amount A of Pillar One and the STTR remains uncertain. The United States has not adopted Pillar Two. In January 2026, the OECD’s Inclusive Framework on BEPS issued a guidance package in respect of the GloBE rules, including a safe-harbor—which must be adopted into the domestic law of the relevant non-U.S. jurisdictions—exempting U.S.-parented MNEs from the IRR and the UTPR. However, Pillar Two remains in effect in other countries, and there is significant uncertainty regarding the implementation of the OECD’s Inclusive Framework, the interpretation and consistent application of existing Pillar Two rules, their interaction with national tax laws, and their consistency with current tax treaty obligations. Subject to the development and implementation of both Amount A of Pillar One and Pillar Two (including the implementation of the EU minimum tax directive by EU Member States) and the details of any domestic legislation, double taxation treaty amendments and multilateral agreements which are necessary to implement them, effective tax rates could increase for Blue Owl and/or its subsidiaries or 61 Table of Contents within the structure of our products or on their investments, including by way of higher levels of tax being imposed than is currently the case, possible denial of deductions or increased withholding taxes and/or profits being allocated differently and/or penalties could be due. This could adversely affect our returns. The implementation of BEPS 2.0 in relevant jurisdictions is complex and likely to remain uncertain for a number of years. Risks Related to Our Structure and Governance Blue Owl has elected to be treated as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and, as a result, our stockholders may not have certain corporate governance protections that are available to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. So long as more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors of Blue Owl is held by an individual, a group or another company, Blue Owl will qualify as a “controlled company” under the NYSE listing requirements. The Principals control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, Blue Owl qualifies as and has elected to be treated as a “controlled company” under the NYSE listing standards and will not be subject to the requirements that would otherwise require us to have: (i) a majority of “independent directors,” as defined under the listing standards of the NYSE; (ii) a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors; and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board’s selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors. The Principals may have their interest in Blue Owl diluted due to future equity issuances or their own actions in selling Class A Shares, in each case, which could result in a loss of the “controlled company” exemption under the NYSE listing rules. Blue Owl would then be required to comply with those provisions of the NYSE listing requirements. The multi-class structure of Blue Owl common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with the Principals, which limits an investor’s ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. Entities controlled by the Principals hold all of the issued and outstanding Class D Shares (and will hold all of the Class B Shares to the extent any are issued and outstanding in the future). Accordingly, until such time as the Principals own less than 25% of their aggregate ownership, the Principals will hold 80% of the voting power of Blue Owl’s capital stock on a fully-diluted basis and will be able to control matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions. The Principals may have interests that differ from our stockholders and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of Blue Owl, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of Blue Owl, and might ultimately affect the market price of Class A Shares. Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the holders of Class B and Class D Shares and the holders of our Class A and Class C Shares. The Principals hold all of the Class D Shares (and will hold all of the Class B Shares to the extent any are issued and outstanding in the future). As a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the Principals, on the one hand, and us and holders of our Class A and Class C Shares, on the other hand. The Principals have the ability to influence our business and affairs through their ownership of the high vote shares of our common stock, their general ability to appoint our Board, and provisions under the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated as of April 1, 2025, between Blue Owl, certain former equity holders of Owl Rock and certain former equity holders of Dyal Capital (as amended from time to time, the “Investor Rights Agreement”) and our certificate of incorporation requiring their approval for certain corporate actions (in addition to approval by our Board). If the holders of our Class A and Class C Shares are dissatisfied with the performance of our Board, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause. Further, through their ability to elect our Board, the Principals have the ability to indirectly influence the determination of the amount and timing of our investments and dispositions, cash expenditures, allocation of expenses, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests, tax liabilities and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to holders of Common Units (as defined in Note 1 to our Financial Statements) and our Class A Shares. 62 Table of Contents In addition, conflicts may arise relating to the selection, structuring and disposition of investments and other transactions, declaring dividends and other distributions and other matters due to the fact that the Principals hold their Blue Owl Operating Group Units directly or through pass-through entities that are not subject to corporate income taxation. Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. Our certificate of incorporation and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (“DGCL”), contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by the Board and therefore depress the trading price of Blue Owl’s Class A Shares. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of the Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions regarding: • a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of the Board; • the ability of the Board to issue shares of preferred stock, including “blank check” preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; • the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; • the right of the Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the Board; • the requirement that directors may only be removed from the Board for cause; • the inability of stockholders to act by written consent; • the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Board, the chairman of the Board or Blue Owl’s chief executive officer, which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; • controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of the Board and stockholder meetings; • the ability of the Board to amend the bylaws, which may allow the Board to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and • advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to the Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the composition of the Board and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Board or management. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, Blue Owl Capital Inc. is generally subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL, although we have elected not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. In addition, the provisions of the Investor Rights Agreement provide the stockholders party thereto with certain Board representation and other consent rights that could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 63 Table of Contents Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of Blue Owl to Blue Owl or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting such alleged breach; (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders (i) arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation (as it may be amended or restated) or our bylaws or (ii) as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Delaware Court of Chancery; or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, as to any action in the foregoing clauses (a) through (b), to the fullest extent permitted by law, be solely and exclusively brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to any claim (1) as to which the Delaware Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination); (2) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Delaware Court of Chancery; or (3) arising under federal securities laws, including the Securities Act as to which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Article XIII of our certificate of incorporation does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our or its directors, officers, stockholders, agents or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of management and our Board. Blue Owl Capital Inc. is a holding company and its only material source of cash is its indirect interest (held through Blue Owl GP) in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships, and it is accordingly dependent upon distributions made by its subsidiaries to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and pay dividends. Blue Owl Capital Inc. is a holding company with no material assets other than its indirect ownership of the GP Units (as defined in Note 1 to our Financial Statements) through Blue Owl GP and certain deferred tax assets. As a result, Blue Owl Capital Inc. has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s ability to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and pay dividends will depend on the financial results and cash flows of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and the distributions it receives (directly or indirectly) from the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships for any reason could limit or impair the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP needs funds and the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any financing arrangements, or the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s liquidity and financial condition. Subject to the discussion herein, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships expect to continue to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income will be allocated to holders of interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Accordingly, Blue Owl GP will be required to pay income taxes on its allocable share of any taxable income of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Under the terms of the Blue Owl Limited Partnership Agreements, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are obligated to make tax distributions to holders of interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships calculated at certain assumed tax rates. In addition to tax expenses, Blue Owl will also incur expenses related to its operations, including Blue Owl GP’s payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which could be significant, and some of which will be reimbursed by the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships (excluding payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement). Blue Owl intends to cause Blue Owl GP to cause the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships to make ordinary distributions and tax distributions to holders of the interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships on a pro rata basis in amounts sufficient to cover all applicable taxes, relevant operating expenses, payments by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement and dividends, if any, 64 Table of Contents declared by Blue Owl. However, as discussed above, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, retention of amounts necessary to satisfy the obligations of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and restrictions on distributions that would violate any applicable restrictions contained in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships insolvent. To the extent that Blue Owl GP is unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which could be substantial. Additionally, although the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax, they may be liable under current U.S. federal tax laws governing audits of partnerships for adjustments to prior year tax returns, absent an election to the contrary. In the event the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ calculations of taxable income are incorrect, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and/or their partners, including Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP, in later years may be subject to material liabilities under these rules. If either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax or state tax purposes, then the amount available for distribution by such Blue Owl Operating Partnerships could be substantially reduced and the value of Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s shares could be adversely affected. An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes (such as either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships) may nonetheless be treated as, and taxable as, a corporation if it is a “publicly traded partnership” unless an exception to such treatment applies. An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be treated as a “publicly traded partnership” if interests in such entity are traded on an established securities market or interests in such entity are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. If either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships were determined to be treated as a “publicly traded partnership” (and taxable as a corporation) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Blue Owl Operating Partnership would be taxable on its income at the U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to corporations and distributions by such Blue Owl Operating Partnership to its partners (including Blue Owl GP) could be taxable as dividends to such partners to the extent of the earnings and profits of such Blue Owl Operating Partnership. In addition, we would no longer have the benefit of increases in the tax basis of the Blue Owl Operating Partnership’s assets as a result of exchanges of Common Units. Pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2025, by and among Blue Owl, Blue Owl Holdings, Blue Owl Capital GP LLC and the Blue Owl Limited Partners (as defined therein) from time to time party thereto (as amended from time to time, the “Exchange Agreement”), certain Blue Owl equity holders may, from time to time, subject to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, exchange their interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and have such interests redeemed by Blue Owl Operating Partnerships for cash or Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s stock. While such exchanges could be treated as trading in the interests of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships for purposes of testing “publicly traded partnership” status, the Exchange Agreement contains restrictions on redemptions and exchanges of interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships that are intended to prevent either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships from being treated as a “publicly traded partnership” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such restrictions are designed to comply with certain safe harbors provided for under applicable U.S. federal income tax law. Blue Owl GP may also impose additional restrictions on exchanges that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP determines to be necessary or advisable so that neither of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships is treated as a “publicly traded partnership” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, while such position is not free from doubt, each of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships is expected to be operated such that it is not treated as a “publicly traded partnership” taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and we intend to take the position that neither of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships is so treated as a result of exchanges of its interests pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, Blue Owl GP will be required to make payments to certain equity holders for certain tax benefits Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP may claim and those payments may be substantial. Certain equity holders have exchanged, and may in the future exchange, their Common Units, together with the cancellation of an equal number of Class C Shares or Class D Shares, for Class A Shares or Class B Shares, respectively, or cash pursuant to the Blue Owl Operating Partnership Agreements and the Exchange Agreement, subject to certain conditions and transfer restrictions as set forth therein and in the Investor Rights Agreement. Such transactions have resulted in, or are in the future expected to result in, increases in Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s (and Blue Owl GP’s) allocable share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. These increases in tax basis may increase for income tax purposes depreciation and amortization deductions, and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP would otherwise be required to pay had such sales and exchanges never occurred. 65 Table of Contents In connection with the Business Combination, Blue Owl GP entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement, which generally provides for the payment by it of 85% of certain tax benefits, if any, that Blue Owl GP realizes (or in certain cases is deemed to realize) as a result of these increases in tax basis and certain other tax attributes of Blue Owl GP, the corporations acquired from certain former Owl Rock equity holders in the transaction, and tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement. Those payments are the obligation of Blue Owl GP and not of Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. The actual increase in Blue Owl GP’s allocable share of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ tax basis in their assets, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the market price of the Class A Shares at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of the recognition of Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s (and Blue Owl GP’s) income. While many of the factors that will determine the amount of payments that Blue Owl GP will make under the Tax Receivable Agreement are outside of its control, Blue Owl GP expects that the payments it will make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on Blue Owl’s financial condition. Any payments made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP. To the extent that Blue Owl GP is unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; however, nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, as further described below. Furthermore, Blue Owl GP’s obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make Blue Owl a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be realized or deemed realized under the Tax Receivable Agreement. In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may exceed the actual tax benefits Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP realizes or be accelerated. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP determines, and the Internal Revenue Service or another taxing authority may challenge all or any part of the tax basis increases, as well as other tax positions that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP takes, and a court may sustain such a challenge. In the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP are disallowed, recipients of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not be required to reimburse Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP for any excess payments that may previously have been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, for example, due to adjustments resulting from examinations by taxing authorities. Rather, excess payments made to such holders will be netted against any future cash payments otherwise required to be made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement, if any, after the determination of such excess. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that Blue Owl GP might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments against which to net. As a result, in certain circumstances Blue Owl GP could make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s or Blue Owl GP’s actual tax savings, which could materially impair Blue Owl’s financial condition. Moreover, the Tax Receivable Agreement provides that, in certain events, including a change of control, breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement, or Blue Owl GP’s exercise of early termination rights, Blue Owl GP’s obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will accelerate and Blue Owl GP will be required to make a lump-sum cash payment under the Tax Receivable Agreement equal to the present value of all forecasted future payments that would have otherwise been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which lump-sum payment would be based on certain assumptions, including those relating to Blue Owl GP’s future taxable income. The lump-sum payment could be substantial and could exceed the actual tax benefits that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP realizes subsequent to such payment because such payment would be calculated assuming, among other things, that Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP would have certain tax benefits available to it and that Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP would be able to use the potential tax benefits in future years. There may be a material negative effect on Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s liquidity if the payments required to be made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual tax savings that Blue Owl Capital Inc. (or Blue Owl GP) realizes. Furthermore, Blue Owl GP’s obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. 66 Table of Contents Adverse developments in U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Our effective tax rate and the amount of “tax distributions” that the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are required to make to equity holders could also change materially as a result of various evolving factors, including changes in income tax law or changes in the scope of our operations. Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP are subject to U.S. federal income taxation, and Blue Owl Capital Inc., Blue Owl GP, and the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and their subsidiaries are subject to income taxation by certain states and municipalities and certain foreign jurisdictions in which such subsidiaries operate. In addition, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are required to make tax distributions to their partners pursuant to the Blue Owl Limited Partnership Agreements. In determining our tax liability and obligation to make tax distributions, we must monitor changes to the applicable tax laws and related regulations. While our existing operations have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing laws, one or more taxing U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions could seek to impose incremental, retroactive, or new taxes on us. Such changes may increase tax uncertainty and/or our effective tax rate, result in higher compliance cost and result in a corresponding increase in the amount of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or a corresponding increase in the tax distributions that the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships will be required to make. In addition, there may be changes in law related to the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project of the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (“OECD”), the European Commission’s state aid investigations and other initiatives. Such changes may include (but are not limited to) the taxation of operating income, investment income, dividends received or (in the specific context of withholding tax) dividends paid, or the taxation of partnerships and other pass-through entities. Any adverse developments in these and other U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including legislative changes, judicial holdings or administrative interpretations, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, changes in the scope of our operations, including expansion to new geographies, could increase the amount of taxes to which we are subject, and could increase our effective tax rate, which could similarly adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Blue Owl Operating Partnerships may directly or indirectly make distributions of cash to us substantially in excess of the amounts we use to make distributions to our stockholders and pay our expenses (including our taxes and payments by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement). To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends to our stockholders, the direct or indirect holders of Common Units would benefit from any value attributable to such cash as a result of their ownership of our stock upon an exchange of their Common Units. Blue Owl GP receives a pro rata portion of any distributions made by the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Any cash received from such distributions is first be used to satisfy any tax liability and then used to make any payments required to be made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Subject to having available cash and subject to limitations imposed by applicable law and contractual restrictions, the Blue Owl Limited Partnership Agreements require the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships to make certain distributions to holders of Common Units and to Blue Owl GP pro rata to facilitate the payment of taxes with respect to the income of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships that is allocated to them. To the extent that the tax distributions we directly or indirectly receive exceed the amounts we actually require to pay taxes, Tax Receivable Agreement payments and other expenses (which is likely to be the case given that the assumed tax rate for such distributions will generally exceed our effective tax rate), we will not be required to distribute such excess cash. Our Board may, in its sole discretion, choose to use such excess cash for certain purposes, including to make distributions to the holders of our stock. Unless and until our Board chooses, in its sole discretion, to declare a distribution, we will have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. No adjustments to the exchange ratio of Common Units for shares of our common stock will be made as a result of either (i) any cash distribution by us or (ii) any cash that we retain and do not distribute to our stockholders. To the extent we do not distribute such cash as dividends and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or use such cash for certain other purposes, this may result in shares of our stock increasing in value relative to the Common Units. The holders of Common Units may benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances if they acquire shares of our stock in an exchange of Common Units. Risks Related to Our Class A Shares The market price and trading volume of our Class A Shares may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for holders of our Class A Shares. The market price of our Class A Shares is likely to be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors. In addition, the volume of trading in our Class A Shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our Class A Shares declines significantly, holders of our Class A Shares may be unable to resell 67 Table of Contents their shares at or above their purchase price, if at all. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the price of our Class A Shares or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of shares of our Class A Shares include: • the impact of market and political conditions; • the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions that we may pursue, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, Blue Owl’s inability to grow and manage growth profitably, and retain its key employees; • adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; • changes in market valuations of similar companies; • the financial performance of our products’ portfolio companies, whether or not material to Blue Owl; • speculation in the press or investment community; • adverse publicity about the investment management industry generally or individual scandals specifically; • a breach of our computer systems, software or networks, or misappropriation of our proprietary information; • a lack of liquidity in the trading of our Class A Shares; • changes in applicable laws or regulations; • risks relating to the uncertainty of Blue Owl’s projected financial information; and • risks related to the organic and inorganic growth of Blue Owl’s business and the timing of expected business milestones. In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively affect the market price of our Class A Shares, regardless of Blue Owl’s actual operating performance. Sales of Class A Shares resulting from exchanges of Common Units pledged by our directors and officers could cause the price of our Class A Shares to decrease. Under our Insider Trading Policy, our directors, officers and employees may seek approval to pledge our securities under loan arrangements that meet requirements established by our audit committee, including with respect to the pledge amount, the minimum loan to value ratio and the minimum unencumbered net asset value. Each of Messrs. Ostrover and Lipschultz has pledged 43,409,692 and 33,000,000 Common Units, respectively, as security for loans. Failure or delay by a borrower to promptly meet a margin call under his loan documents or other default under these financing arrangements could result in the foreclosure on some or all of the pledged Common Units by the applicable third-party lender. Although these arrangements provide for the borrowers to pledge alternative collateral in lieu of the pledged Common Units in the event of a margin call, upon any foreclosure on Common Units and subsequent sale of the corresponding Class A Shares the price of our Class A Shares could decline materially. A decline in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. Securities class action litigation has in the past been, and may in the future be, brought against us following a decline in the market price of our Class A shares. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could harm our business. Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our Class A Shares. Securities research analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for Blue Owl from time to time. Those projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our share price may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price could decline. In addition, securities research analysts may compare Blue Owl to companies that are not appropriately comparable, which could lead to lower than expected valuations. If one or more analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, our share price or trading volume could decline. 68 Table of Contents Future offerings of debt or offerings or issuances of equity securities by us may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Shares or otherwise dilute all other stockholders. In the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional Class A Shares or offering debt or other equity securities, including commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity or shares of preferred stock. We also expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors, and consultants under stock incentive plans. Future acquisitions could require substantial additional capital in excess of cash from operations. We would expect to obtain the capital required for acquisitions through a combination of additional issuances of equity, corporate indebtedness and/or cash from operations. Issuing additional Class A Shares or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Class A Shares or both. Upon liquidation, holders of debt securities and preferred shares, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our Class A Shares. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Class A Shares. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing and nature of our future offerings. 69 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Cybersecurity Processes and Risk Assessment Our cybersecurity processes are overseen by the Audit Committee of our Board. Our cybersecurity program is focused on (i) protecting confidential business, client, investor and employee information that we store or process; (ii) maintaining the security and availability of our systems and data; (iii) supporting compliance with applicable laws and regulations; (iv) documenting cybersecurity incidents and our responses; and (v) notification of cybersecurity incidents to, and communications with, appropriate internal and external parties. We have implemented an information security governance policy governing cybersecurity risk, which is designed to facilitate the protection of sensitive or confidential business, client, investor and employee information that we store or process and the maintenance of critical services and systems. Our cybersecurity program is managed by our Chief Technology Officer and Head of Technology Infrastructure (together, “IT Management”), who report to our Chief Operating Officer. IT Management and its team are responsible for implementing proactive and reactive measures, including our monitoring and alert response processes, vulnerability management, changes made to our critical systems, including software and network changes, and various other technological and administrative safeguards. Our cybersecurity processes and systems are designed to protect against unauthorized access of information through our systems and infrastructure, including by cyber-attacks. Our policy and processes include, as appropriate, encryption, data loss prevention technology, authentication technology, entitlement management, access control, anti-virus and anti-malware software, and transmission of data over private networks. Our processes and systems aim to prevent or mitigate two main types of cybersecurity risk: first, cybersecurity risks associated with our physical and digital devices and infrastructure, and second, cybersecurity risks associated with third parties, such as people and organizations who have access to our devices, infrastructure or confidential or sensitive information. The cybersecurity-control principles that form the basis of our cybersecurity program are informed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. Our cybersecurity program is periodically reviewed and assessed, including benchmarking to best practices and industry frameworks, which allows us to identify areas for continued focus and improvement. Annual penetration testing of our network, including critical systems and systems that store confidential or sensitive information, is conducted with third party consultants and vulnerabilities are reviewed and addressed by IT Management. When we engage vendors and other third-party partners who will have access to sensitive data or client systems and facilities, our infrastructure technology team assesses their cybersecurity programs and processes. We also provide our employees with cybersecurity awareness training at onboarding and annually. We conduct regular phishing tests and provide additional training as appropriate. Governance and Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks We have developed an incident response framework to identify, assess, manage and report cybersecurity events, which is managed and implemented by our Cyber Risk Operating Committee (the “C-ROC”), a cross-functional management committee that includes our General Counsel, Chief Operating Officer, Global Chief Compliance Officer and IT Management. The incident response framework determines when the C-ROC should provide notifications regarding certain cybersecurity incidents, with different severity thresholds triggering notifications to different recipient groups, including senior members of management, our Audit Committee or our Board. The C-ROC is responsible for gathering information with respect to a cybersecurity incident, assessing its severity and potential responses, as well as communicating with senior management and the Audit Committee or full Board, as appropriate. Our cybersecurity program, which is overseen by the C-ROC, is managed by IT Management as part of its responsibility for enterprise-wide cybersecurity strategy, policies, implementing our monitoring and alert response processes, vulnerability management, changes made to our critical systems, including software and network changes and various other technological and administrative safeguards. The team is led by our Chief Technology Officer , who has over 25 years of experience advising on technology strategy, including digital transformation, cybersecurity, business analytics and infrastructure, and our Head of Technology Infrastructure, who has over 20 years of experience in the information technology field with a focus on IT risk governance and management, information security, incident response capabilities and assessing effectiveness of controls. The 70 Table of Contents C-ROC meets regularly and forms cross-enterprise teams, as needed, to manage and implement key policies and initiatives of our cybersecurity program. Our Board has delegated the primary responsibility for oversight and review of controls and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including cybersecurity risk, to the Audit Committee . Periodically and as needed, o ur Global Chief Compliance Officer updates our Board on actions taken by the C-ROC and our Chief Technology Officer reports to our Board on cybersecurity matters. Such reporting includes updates on our cybersecurity program, the external threat environment and our programs to address and mitigate the risks associated with the evolving cybersecurity threat environment. These reports also include, as appropriate, updates on our preparedness, prevention, detection, responsiveness and recovery with respect to cyber incidents . Impact of Cybersecurity Risks In 2025, we did not experience a material cybersecurity incident, and we are not aware of any cybersecurity risks that are reasonably likely to materially affect our business. While we do not believe that our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition have been materially adversely affected by any cybersecurity incidents, we describe whether and how future incidents could have a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition in “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our products’ portfolio companies’ operations. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in the costs of their operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results. Such conditions would increase the risk of default on their obligations as a borrower. In addition, any projected future decreases in the operating results of our products’ portfolio companies due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our products’ investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses. 25 Table of Contents Fluctuations in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business and that of our products’ portfolio companies. Fluctuations in interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity, the financial condition of our customers and the financial condition of the end customers who ultimately create demand for the capital we supply, all of which could negatively affect demand for our products’ capital. In addition, lower interest rates may increase prepayment risk for our clients’ investments in assets with higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve decreased the federal funds rate three times in 2025. Although the Federal Reserve has signaled the potential for additional federal funds rate cuts, there remains uncertainty around the rate and timing of decreases. Uncertainty surrounding future Federal Reserve actions may have a material effect on our business making it particularly difficult for us to obtain financing at attractive rates, impacting our ability to execute on our growth strategies or future acquisitions. In addition, because our products borrow money and may issue debt securities to make investments, our products’ net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which they borrow funds or pay interest on such debt securities and the rate at which they invest those funds. In periods of declining interest rates, our products may earn less interest income from investments during such lower rate environment. Risks Related to Investment Management Management fees and other fees comprise a substantial majority of our revenues and a reduction in such fees could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the level of cash available for distributions to our stockholders. Regulated Products The investment advisory and management agreements we have with each of our Regulated Products categorize the fees we receive as: (a) base management fees, which are paid quarterly and generally increase or decrease based on the average fair value of our Regulated Products’ gross assets (excluding, in certain cases, cash and cash equivalents) or average fair value of gross assets (excluding cash) plus undrawn commitments, (b) Part I Fees and (c) in the case of our BDCs, Part II Fees. We classify the Part I Fees as management fees because they are predictable and recurring in nature, not subject to contingent repayment and generally cash-settled each quarter. If any of our Regulated Products’ gross assets or net investment income (before Part I Fees and Part II Fees) were to decline significantly for any reason, including, without limitation, due to fair value accounting requirements, the poor performance of its investments, an increase in the number of investors participating in tender offers, or the inability or increased cost to obtain or maintain borrowings for each of our Regulated Products, the amount of the fees we receive from our Regulated Products, including the base management fee and the Part I Fees, would also decline significantly, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. We may also, from time to time, (a) waive or voluntarily defer any fees payable to us by our Regulated Products or any Regulated Products that we may manage after the date hereof and (b) restructure any existing fee waivers in place with our Regulated Products so that such of our Regulated Products will be obligated to pay fee amounts that are less than the full fee amounts owed to us pursuant to the terms of the applicable investment advisory and management agreements between us and such Regulated Product, and the duration and extent of such waivers and deferrals in each of (a) and (b) may need to be significant to support continued fundraising. In addition to those arrangements, we have entered into and in the future may enter into expense supporting arrangements with certain of our BDCs under which we pay or reimburse certain expenses of our BDCs in order to support their target dividend payments, and we have entered into and in the future may enter into contractual expense limitation agreements with OWLCX in which we waive fees we would otherwise be paid and/or assume expenses of OWLCX so that certain specified expenses do not exceed a set threshold. Furthermore, we have reimbursed, and may in the future pay for or reimburse, certain expenses of our BDCs relating to one-time transaction costs. Our investment advisory and management agreements with our BDCs renew for successive annual periods, and will also renew on an annual basis for OWLCX following an initial two-year term, subject to the approval of the applicable Regulated Product’s board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, including a separate vote of a majority of such Regulated Product’s independent directors or independent trustees, as applicable, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of such Regulated Product’s outstanding voting securities. In addition, as required by the Investment Company Act, the investment advisory and management agreements with our Regulated Products may be terminated without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other party. Termination or non-renewal of any of these agreements would reduce our revenues significantly and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Private Funds For our other non-Regulated Product Credit products, as well as certain Real Assets products and GP Strategic Capital products, which we refer to as our private funds, we enter into investment advisory and management agreements whereby we generally 26 Table of Contents receive base management fees from the inception of such fund through the liquidation of such fund or, for certain of our products, for a set period. Non-Regulated Product Credit products generally have a base management fee that is typically based on a percentage of gross asset value (which, if applicable, includes the portion of such investments purchased with leverage) although our alternative credit products generally have a management fee that is typically based on net invested capital, whereas our GP Strategic Capital products generally have a management fee that is initially a set percentage of capital committed by investors, and then, following a step down event (generally either the end of the investment period or, for certain funds, when the fund’s commitments become substantially invested or drawn), is adjusted to a lower percentage of the fund’s cost of unrealized investments, subject to impairment losses for certain funds. While GP Strategic Capital funds are not required to realize assets as of any date, if and to the extent a liquidity event occurs prior to the management fee end date, this could cause a reduction in the amount of management fees we are otherwise entitled to receive. Further, any realization of assets will be within the control of certain of our employees who separately own an interest in a portion of the carried interest and who therefore may have an incentive to effect a realization earlier than one otherwise would expect without such carried interest ownership. With respect to our Real Assets products, our Permanent Capital vehicles have a management fee that is typically based on a percentage of net asset value, and our closed-end vehicles generally have a management fee that is initially a set percentage of capital committed by investors plus a set percentage of the fund’s invested capital with respect to unrealized investments, and then, following a step down event (generally the end of the investment period or commencement of a successor fund), is adjusted to the same or in some cases a lower percentage of the fund’s invested capital with respect to unrealized investments. Following a management fee step down event, the management fee we receive will be reduced when a fund realizes investments or in certain cases when there are permanent changes to the cost basis of unrealized investments. As our private funds generally have end dates for paying management fees, our revenues will decline in respect of such funds if we are unable to successfully raise successor funds to replace the management fee payments that terminate on the older funds or such successor funds do not generate fees at the same rate due to their size and/or fee structure. Further, to the extent we are unable to meet anticipated fundraising targets or if there are significant redemptions, our ability to collect management fees will be impaired. Additionally, given that such management fees are often based on gross asset value, acquisition costs or invested capital, either throughout the fund term or the portion of the term following the investment period, the management fee received in respect of such fund will be reduced when a fund realizes investments or if the value of an investment is impaired, as and to the extent specified in the fund’s governing documents. During the investment period of many funds, the fund expects to actively recycle capital into new investments, which would have the impact of replacing investments that have been realized during the investment period, but there are many factors that may limit our ability to effectively recycle capital and realize the full fee potential of any particular fund, including availability of new investments suitable to a particular fund’s strategy. Further, our right to receive management fees can be impaired by certain actions of investors in a private fund. Our private funds generally provide investors with the right to terminate such fund on both a for-cause basis and a no-fault basis, and may also provide for the right to remove us as manager of a fund for cause or on a no-fault basis and/or the right to create an early step down event with respect to a fund on a for cause basis. If investors in a private fund exercised their right to vote for an early termination, we would typically continue to receive management fees through the liquidation of such fund. However, as a result of such vote, we could face pressure to liquidate investments earlier than we otherwise believe is appropriate to maximize the value of such investment. Certain funds also provide investors with the right to remove the general partner of such fund for cause or on a no-fault basis. Upon the removal of the general partner of a fund becoming effective, the investment advisory and management agreement in respect of such fund will cease to exist and our rights to payment of management fees will terminate. In some cases, investors may also have the right to redeem after certain periods of time or following regulatory or key person concerns, which would also reduce the base on which fees are charged. In other cases, after an initial lock up period, investors may issue redemption notices with respect to their interests; as such interests are redeemed, the fees will decrease unless we are able to find new investors to replace those redeeming. Notwithstanding the formulas for calculating management fees provided in the governing documents for our products, Blue Owl has provided (and expects to provide in the future) discounts or fee holidays to investors on such fees based on the size of their commitments to the fund (or Blue Owl products generally), the timing of their commitments to the fund or other factors that Blue Owl deems relevant. Certain investors are effectively given management fee discounts through specified interests and discounts with respect to carried interest or performance income through the grant of participation rights, fee rebates or revenue shares. Although such discounts will typically be awarded in circumstances where Blue Owl management believes there will ultimately be long-term benefits to Blue Owl, there can be no assurance that the ultimate benefit attained will be commensurate with the discount awarded, or as to how long it may take to recoup such value. Additionally, Blue Owl may not be able to maintain its current fee structure as a result of increased transparency required by SEC rules or industry pressure from product investors to reduce fees. More recently, institutional investors have been increasing pressure to reduce management and incentive fees charged by external managers, whether through direct fee discounts as described in this paragraph, deferrals, 27 Table of Contents rebates or by other means. As a result, Blue Owl may need to provide discounts more broadly to investors or reduce fees to meet such industry pressures, which reduction in fees may be further exacerbated by discount expectations of existing investors. Other Fee Income We also receive fee income for providing services to our products or certain portfolio companies of our products. Such services include arrangement, syndication, origination, capital markets, structuring analysis, capital structure and business plan advice and other services. Certain types of transaction-related fees are required to be distributed to Blue Owl products and other products under the terms of our Co-investment Exemptive Order, as discussed below in “—Conflicts of Interest—Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities,” or are required to be distributed to investors in our products or offset against management fees that would otherwise be payable pursuant to the terms of the governing agreements of the relevant vehicles, while other types of related fees may be retained by us with no offset against management fees and contribute to our revenues and, ultimately, to our net income. We may decide not to seek those fees for any reason, including market conditions and expectations. Our ability to receive and retain those fees, and to continue to receive and retain those fees in the future, is dependent on the terms we negotiate with investors in our products, our ability to successfully negotiate for those fees with underlying portfolio companies, the permissibility of receiving and retaining those fees under the relevant legal and regulatory frameworks, and our business determination to negotiate for those fees. As a result, any change to the willingness of portfolio companies to bear those fees, the terms of our products that permit us to receive and retain those fees, the legal and regulatory framework in which we operate or our willingness to negotiate for those fees with portfolio companies of our products, could result in a decrease to our revenues and net income, and ultimately decrease the value of our common stock and our dividends to our stockholders. In addition, the fees generated are typically dependent on transaction frequency and volume, and a slowdown in the pace or size of investments by our products could adversely affect the amount of fees generated. Our growth depends in large part on our ability to raise new and successor products. If we were unable to raise such products, the growth of our FPAUM and management fees, and ability to deploy capital into investments, would slow or decrease. A significant portion of our revenue from our products in any given period is dependent on the size of our FPAUM in such period and fee rates charged on the FPAUM. We may not be successful in procuring investment returns and prioritizing services that will allow us to maintain our current fee structure, to maintain or grow our FPAUM, or to generate performance income. A decline in the size or pace of growth of FPAUM or applicable fee rates will reduce our revenues. A decline in the size or pace of growth of FPAUM or applicable fee rates may result from a range of factors, including: • Volatile economic and market conditions, which could cause product investors to delay making new commitments to alternative investment funds or limit the ability of our existing products to deploy capital; • Intense competition among alternative asset managers may make fundraising and the deployment of capital more difficult, thereby limiting our ability to grow or maintain our FPAUM. Competition may be amplified by changes in investors allocating increased amounts of capital away from alternative asset managers; and • Poor performance of one or more of our products, either relative to market benchmarks or in absolute terms (e.g., based on market value or net asset value of our BDCs’ shares or net asset value of OWLCX’s shares), or compared to our competitors may cause product investors to regard our products less favorably than those of our competitors, thereby adversely affecting our ability to raise new or successor products. The investment management business is intensely competitive. The investment management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, business relationships, quality of service provided to clients, product investor liquidity, fund terms (including fees and economic sharing arrangements), brand recognition and business reputation. Maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and retaining product investors and for maintaining our relationships with our regulators, sponsors, Partner Managers, potential co-investors and joint venture partners, as applicable. See also “—Risks Related to Macroeconomic Factors—Difficult market and geopolitical conditions may reduce the value or hamper the performance of the investments made by our products or impair the ability of our products to raise or deploy capital.” Our products compete with a number of specialized funds, corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, real estate companies, insurance companies, commercial banks, investment banks, other investment managers and other financial institutions, including certain of our stockholders, as well as domestic and international pension funds and sovereign wealth funds, and we expect that competition will continue to increase. 28 Table of Contents Numerous factors increase our competitive risks, including, but not limited to: • Some of our competitors may have, or are perceived to have, more expertise or financial, technical, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do; • Some of our products may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products; • Some of our competitors have raised significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities; • Some of our competitors may have lower fees or alternative fee arrangements that potential investors may find more appealing; • Some of our competitors may be willing to pay higher placement, servicing or other forms of distributor fees in order to broaden distribution of their private wealth products, which may adversely impact the amount of capital we are able to raise in the private wealth channel; • Some of our competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to our products, including our products that directly use leverage or rely on debt financing of their portfolio investments to generate superior investment returns; • Some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds than us, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us or to agree to less restrictive legal terms and protections for investments that we want to make; • Some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation or fewer conflicts of interest and, accordingly, may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we do, bear less compliance expense than we do or be viewed differently in the marketplace; • Some of our competitors offer greater liquidity to investors in their products; • Some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising and deploying certain types of products under the investment management contracts they have negotiated with their product investors; • Some of our competitors may offer broader investment offerings and more partnership opportunities to portfolio companies than we are able to offer; and • Some of our competitors have instituted or may institute low-cost high speed financial applications and services based on artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies (collectively, “AI technologies”) and new competitors may enter the asset management space using new investment platforms based on AI technologies. Certain of our strategic relationship investors (including early-stage investors in new products) may be granted the right to participate in the net profits or gross revenues or receive rebates. Certain investors in our products have been granted, and may in the future receive various forms of, participation rights with respect to certain products or strategies, including, but not limited to, the right to the net profits or gross revenues of certain products. To the extent gross revenue participations or similar arrangements are offered, they will reduce the revenue earned by us, but we will continue to bear all applicable expenses, even if the product is not generating positive cash flow. We may also offer our employees the opportunity to participate in certain types of these arrangements in certain circumstances as a way of compensating or incentivizing employees. There is generally no limitation on the size or the duration of future economic sharing arrangements. In addition, in the ordinary course we may offer fee discounts to investors in existing and future products and we expect to continue to waive fees for many or all of our co-investments. We currently expect, at least in certain instances, to continue to offer these economic sharing arrangements to our strategic relationship investors (which may include certain of our stockholders) in the future, which may reduce the revenues ultimately earned by us in respect of these products. Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our clients and/or investors could negatively impact our client and investor relationships, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. When clients retain us to manage assets on their behalf, they specify certain guidelines regarding investment allocation and strategy that we are required to observe in the management of their portfolios. Similarly, investors in our products often require certain investment restrictions or limitations be included in their side letters or related governing documents that we are contractually obligated to observe in the management of such investors’ interests in the applicable products. Our failure to 29 Table of Contents comply with these guidelines, restrictions and other limitations could result in clients terminating their investment management agreement with us or investors seeking to withdraw from our products, as well as regulatory scrutiny. Clients or investors could also sue us for breach of contract and seek to recover damages from us, which could negatively impact our reputation. In addition, such guidelines may restrict our ability to pursue certain investments and strategies on behalf of our clients or limit an investor’s exposure to such investments and strategies that we believe are economically desirable, which could similarly result in losses to a client account or investor capital account or termination or potential withdrawal of the account or investor and a corresponding reduction in AUM. Even if we comply with all applicable investment guidelines, restrictions and limitations, a client or investor may be dissatisfied with its investment performance or our services or fees, and may terminate their customized separate accounts or advisory accounts, seek to withdraw from our funds or be unwilling to commit new capital to our specialized funds, customized separate accounts or advisory accounts. Any of these events could cause our earnings to decline and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Products The historical returns attributable to our products should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our products or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in our Class A Shares. We have presented returns relating to the historical performance of the products we manage and certain targets of our future performance, including by reference to the internal rate of return (“IRR”) of certain products’ performance using a gross IRR and a net IRR calculation. The historical performance of our products is relevant to us primarily insofar as it is indicative of our reputation and ability to raise new products. The historical and potential returns of the products we advise are not, however, directly linked to returns on shares of our Class A Shares. Therefore, holders of our Class A Shares should not conclude that positive performance of the products we advise will necessarily result in positive returns on a return on investment in our Class A Shares. However, poor performance of our products we advise would likely cause a decline in our revenues and would therefore likely have a negative effect on our operating results, returns on our Class A Shares and a negative impact on our ability to raise new products. Also, there is no assurance that projections in respect of our products or unrealized valuations will be realized. Moreover, the historical returns of our products should not be considered indicative of the future returns of these or from any future products we may raise. Target performance metrics relating to future returns, such as IRR, for any current or future product may vary considerably from the historical performance generated by any particular product, or for our products as a whole. Future returns will also be affected by the risks described elsewhere in this report, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular product invests. Valuation methodologies for certain assets of our products can be subject to subjectivity, and our valuation of an asset may differ materially from the value ultimately realized. Many of the investments in our products are illiquid and thus have no readily ascertainable market prices. We value these investments based on our estimate, or an independent third party’s estimate, of their fair value as of the date of determination, which often involves significant subjectivity. There is no single standard for determining fair value and in many cases fair value is best expressed as a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived. Our products generally value their investments quarterly at fair value, based on, among other things, the input of third party valuation firms and taking into account the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company’s ability to make payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company operates, comparison to publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow, current market interest rates and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities, private companies and privately owned real estate, are inherently uncertain, the valuations may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time due to changes in current market conditions. A fund’s net asset value could be adversely affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of the investments were materially higher than the values that are ultimately realized upon the disposal of such investments. These valuations could, in turn, affect the management fees or performance income that we receive. The use of leverage by our products may materially increase the returns of such products but may also result in significant losses or a total loss of capital. Our products, particularly our Credit and Real Assets products, use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and certain products regularly borrow a substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry securities or debt obligations or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The use of leverage by our products increases the volatility of investments by 30 Table of Contents magnifying the potential for gain or loss on invested equity capital. If the value of a fund’s assets were to decrease, leverage would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would if the fund had not employed leverage. Similarly, any decrease in the fund’s income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have if it had not borrowed and employed leverage. Such a decline could negatively affect the fund’s ability to service its debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our products, and as a result, on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Our private funds often rely on obtaining credit facilities secured principally by the undrawn capital commitments of their investors. These credit lines are an important part of managing the cash flow of the funds, including facilitating a fund’s acquisition or funding of investments, enhancing the regularity of cash distributions to investors and facilitating the payment of management fees to us. The inability to secure or maintain these lines of credit would have an adverse impact on our products and their returns and on us, including increasing administrative costs associated with managing a fund. We have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of products offered to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk. We have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of products offered to investors, especially individual investors (including investors often described as high net worth individuals, family offices and mass affluent individuals), in the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world. Our investment adviser subsidiaries or affiliates currently manage or advise a number of such vehicles, and a number of other vehicles are expected to be launched at various times in the future. Accessing individual investors and selling products directed at such investors exposes us to new and greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement risks, an increased compliance burden, and more complex administration and accounting operations. In addition, regulatory requirements imposing limitations on the ability of affiliates of certain of our vehicles to engage in certain transactions may limit our funds’ ability to engage in otherwise attractive investment opportunities. We continue to distribute products through new channels and markets, including through unaffiliated third-party firms, and we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of distribution, which could result in litigation or regulatory action against us. In addition, there is an increased compliance burden associated with onboarding new distributors or pursuing new distribution channels. Although we engage in due diligence and onboarding procedures that seek to uncover issues relating to the third parties through which individual investors access our products, we do not control and may have limited information regarding many of these third-party channels and, therefore, we are exposed to the risks of reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny and legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our products to investors. As we expand the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the U.S., we are increasingly exposed to risks in non-U.S. jurisdictions. While many of the risks we face in non-U.S. jurisdictions are similar to those that we face in the distribution of products to individual investors in the U.S., non-U.S. securities laws and other applicable regulatory regimes can be extensive, complex and vary by jurisdiction. In addition, the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the U.S. may involve complex structures and market practices that vary by local jurisdiction. As a result, this expansion subjects us to additional complexity, litigation and regulatory risk. See also “—Risks Related to Our Operations—We may continue to enter into new product lines and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, businesses and investor profiles, each of which may result in upfront costs and additional risks and uncertainties in our business.” We are vulnerable to an increased number of investors seeking to participate in share repurchase programs or tender offers of our non-traded products. In recent periods we have launched a number of non-traded products, including BDCs, REITs and interval funds . Non-traded products often conduct share repurchase programs or tender offers to provide liquidity to investors in such vehicles. While such share repurchase programs and tender offers may contain restrictions that limit the amount of shares that may be repurchased in particular periods, an increase in the number of investors requesting repurchases or participating in tender offers, or an increase in the amount of shares repurchased through such repurchase programs or tender offers, of our non-traded products could lead to a decline in the management fees and incentive fees we receive. Economic events affecting the U.S. economy, such as volatility in the financial markets, inflation, fluctuations in interest rates or global or national events that are beyond our control, could cause investors to request repurchase of an increased number of shares pursuant to the share repurchase programs of our non-traded products, potentially in excess of established limits. Such prolonged economic disruptions have caused a number of similar products to deny repurchase requests or to suspend or partially suspend their share repurchase programs and ten der offers and suc h suspension may have a negative reputational impact on the manager or on its ability to continue fundraising. 31 Table of Contents Investors may also seek to have their interests repurchased due to changes in interest rates that make other investments more attractive, rebalancing of their asset allocations, changes in investor perception of us and our investments as well as our reputation, dissatisfaction with a product’s performance or investment strategy, departures or changes in responsibilities of key investment professionals, and liquidity needs. Our no n-traded products may repurchase fewer shares than investors request due to a lack of readily available funds due to a number of factors, including adverse market conditions beyond our control or the need to maintain liquidity for operations. Certain of our non-traded products may amend or suspend share repurchase programs during periods of market dislocation, which may further limit the volume of repurchase requests satisfied. Any repurchases of less than amounts requested could undermine investor confidence in our non-traded products and harm our reputation. The inclusion of repurchase features in investment vehicles creates heightened risk of operational error, including with respect to the calculation of net asset values, which could expose us to increased risk of litigation, regulatory action and reputational damage. Our alternative credit products may expose us to incremental risks and complexities. We engage in various forms of alternative credit structured finance arrangements that are collateralized by various asset classes. Asset-based financing investments are generally structured as loans or securities that represent the purchase or participation in, or are collateralized by and payable from, a stream of payments generated by pools of financial, physical or other assets. Specifically, our alternative credit portfolio targets investments in markets that are underserved by traditional lenders, including, without limitation, secured and unsecured consumer credit receivables, less established companies (including startups and emerging growth companies), consumer leases, residential and commercial real estate, hard assets (such as equipment leases), aviation assets, shipping assets, transportation and storage assets and financial assets such as factoring receivables, litigation claims, financial claims, trade claims and other receivables. These forms of alternative credit generally expose a lender to a greater degree of business and credit risks than traditional lending, as repayment of the loans often depends upon the performance of credit or credit-related assets, the successful operation of the businesses, greater exposure of less established companies to market volatility and potential for fraud and the income stream of the borrower. Additionally, investments in such markets expose our business to additional regulations promulgated by state and federal regulators, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), which may impact our business in new and unexpected ways. The CFPB has broad powers to administer, investigate compliance with and, in some cases, enforce U.S. federal financial consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of financial consumer protection laws that apply to investments our products make in markets, products or services that serve consumers, including laws that regulate “unfair, deceptive or abusive” consumer acts and practices. The CFPB and other federal or state regulators may examine, investigate and take enforcement actions against the companies that our products invest in that offer consumer financial services and products, as well as financial institutions and other third parties upon which such companies rely to provide consumer financial services and products. State regulators also have certain authority in enforcing and promulgating financial consumer protection laws. As a result, some states have issued new and broader financial consumer protection laws and others may in the future, which are more comprehensive than existing U.S. federal regulations. In addition, state attorneys general may in some cases bring actions to enforce federal consumer protection laws. Depending on how governmental authorities elect to exercise their statutory authority, it could increase the compliance costs for the companies that our alternative credit products invest in, potentially delay their ability to respond to marketplace changes, result in requirements to alter products and services that would make them less attractive to consumers, and experience other negative impacts on their business condition and results of operations that in turn impact their ability to repay loans and negatively affect our products’ investments in such companies. Our Real Assets products are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate. Investments in our Real Assets products are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets. These investments are subject to the potential for deterioration of real estate fundamentals and the risk of adverse changes in local market and economic conditions, which may include changes in supply of and demand for competing properties in an area, fluctuating occupancy rates and changes in demand for commercial office properties (including as a result of an increased prevalence of remote work). Additionally, our products’ properties are generally self- 32 Table of Contents managed by the tenant or managed by a third party, which makes us dependent upon such third parties and subjects us to risks associated with the actions and financial resources of such third parties. More generally, investments in real estate-related businesses and assets are subject to risks including the following: • the financial resources of tenants; • changes in building, environmental and other laws; • energy and supply shortages and supply chain disruptions; • various uninsured or uninsurable risks; • natural disasters, extreme weather events and other physical risks related to climate change; • changes in government regulations (such as rent control and tax laws); • changes in interest rates; • the reduced availability of mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable; • negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity; • environmental liabilities; • tariffs and trade wars; • contingent liabilities on disposition of assets; • unexpected cost overruns in connection with development projects; and • terrorist attacks and conflicts and other factors that are beyond our control. Our products have made, and are expected to continue to make, an increasing number of investments in infrastructure assets such as data center and logistics hubs. The acquisition of infrastructure assets involves substantial and continual involvement by, or an ongoing commitment to, regulatory agencies, which often have considerable discretion to change or increase regulation of the operations of infrastructure assets. In many instances, the operation or acquisition of infrastructure assets may involve an ongoing commitment to or from municipal, state, federal or foreign government, regulatory agencies or governing bodies. The nature of these obligations exposes the owners of infrastructure assets to a higher level of regulatory control than is typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to acquire complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Such licenses, concessions, leases or contracts may also be terminated with limited compensation and prior notice. Further, our investments in critical infrastructure sectors, such as digital infrastructure, are generally subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny at the time of investment and ongoing compliance requirements. For additional details, see “—Risks Related to Our Products—Investments in digital infrastructure may expose us and our products to risks inherent in the ownership and operation of digital infrastructure.” Increased regulatory oversight could impair or prevent operation of a facility owned by an infrastructure asset, the completion of a previously announced acquisition or sale to third parties, or could otherwise result in additional costs and material adverse consequences to an infrastructure asset and investments in such assets. In addition, revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties and are consequently subject to heightened counterparty default risk. Any of these factors may cause the value of the investments in our Real Assets products to decline, which may have a material impact on our results of operations. In connection with obtaining commercial loans backed by real estate, the lender will typically require a “bad boy” guarantee, in which our investment vehicles and we may guarantee liability for environmental liabilities and bad acts including fraud, intentional misrepresentation, voluntary bankruptcy and other acts. It is expected that commercial real estate financing arrangements generally will require “bad boy” guarantees and in the event such guarantee is called, a fund or our assets could be materially and adversely affected. Investments in digital infrastructure may expose us and our products to risks inherent in the ownership and operation of digital infrastructure. We and our products have invested and plan to continue to invest in multiple asset classes within digital infrastructure, which subjects us to risks, including: • Project revenues can be affected by a number of factors including economic and market conditions, political events, competition, regulation and the financial position and business strategy of customers; 33 Table of Contents • Any failure of physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation. Such a failure could result from numerous factors, including mechanical failures, power outages, human error, shortages of material and skilled labor or work stoppages, physical or electronic security incidents, wars, terrorism, health crises or pandemics, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, climate change, and other natural disasters, sabotages and acts of vandalism; • Service interruptions, equipment failures or security incidents may result in legal liability, regulatory requirements, penalties and monetary damages and damage our brand and reputation; • Dependence on third-party suppliers for power, network connectivity and certain other services results in vulnerability to service failures of such third-party suppliers and can lead to price increases by such suppliers to the extent such costs are not borne by customers; • The digital infrastructure industry is highly competitive and it may be difficult to develop and maintain a balanced customer base of investment-grade or creditworthy tenants, resulting in increased risk based on the credit quality of one or more customers; • Demand for digital infrastructure assets, power or connectivity is particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the internet and data communications and broader technology industries; • Technological developments may cause certain digital infrastructure assets to become obsolete or result in decreased demand for such digital infrastructure assets; • Digital infrastructure investments are subject to substantial and evolving government regulation related to the acquisition and operation of such investments; and • The use and development of AI technologies is subject to evolving and complex regulatory frameworks across various jurisdictions, and it remains uncertain how AI technologies and such regulatory developments will impact new and existing digital infrastructure investments. Our digital infrastructure focused funds may be more susceptible to any single economic, political or regulatory occurrence and more volatile than a more diversified fund. Additionally, our strategy to invest across different classes of digital infrastructure assets may not perform as well as a portfolio that is concentrated in a particular type of digital infrastructure asset. Any of these factors may cause the value of the investments in our digital infrastructure funds to decline, which may have a material impact on our business and results of operations. Our GP Strategic Capital products may suffer losses if our Partner Managers are unable to raise new products or grow their AUM. As our GP Strategic Capital products’ investments in Partner Managers are intended to be held for an indefinite duration, the performance of such investments are dependent upon the ability of our Partner Managers to successfully execute their investment program and grow their assets under management. In the event that a Partner Manager is unable to grow their assets under management or such Partner Manager’s investment returns fail to meet expectations, the returns attributable to such investment may be reduced or our products may suffer a loss on such investment. A Partner Manager’s failure to grow assets under management may result from a range of factors including the departure of key persons, the inability of such Partner Manager to diversify into new investment strategies, investment performance and regulatory enforcement actions. Our professional sports minority stakes strategy is small, but may have a disproportionate effect on our reputation. Our professional sports minority stakes strategy is small and has been difficult to grow. Our Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund makes minority investments in NBA franchises and has invested, and may in the future invest, in entities with exposure to other sports leagues or franchises outside of the NBA. The NBA provides certain services with respect to the Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund and receives a share of management fees and incentive allocations attributable to the fund. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to continue to execute this strategy in the future. As adviser to the Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund, we may be exposed to liability to the NBA, other sports leagues or one or more NBA or other league teams in which we invest in a range of circumstances, including as a result of a violation of rules applicable to NBA or other league franchise owners by us or investors in our Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund or, in certain circumstances, by our co-owners of a team (regardless of whether such persons were acting under our direction or control). In addition, the NBA may terminate its relationship with us for a variety of reasons, including the departure of certain key persons or the occurrence of certain events constituting cause. The Blue Owl HomeCourt Fund may also evoke a high profile in the marketplace relative to its economic significance to us. 34 Table of Contents Therefore, any failure in the growth or performance of the professional sports minority stakes strategy could not only result in a decrease in our FPAUM growth potential but could also have a disproportionately adverse effect on our reputation. Our equity investments and some of our debt investments rank junior to investments made by others, exposing us to greater risk of losing our investment. In addition, in many cases, the portfolio companies in which we or our products invest have, or are permitted to have, outstanding indebtedness or equity securities that rank senior to our or our products’ investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of distributions, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our or our investment products’ investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. In addition, debt investments made by us or our investment products in our portfolio companies may rank junior to the senior debt investments made by third parties in our portfolio companies. After repaying senior security holders, the portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our investment. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Also, during periods of financial distress or following insolvency, the ability of us or our products to influence a portfolio company’s affairs and to take actions to protect an investment will likely be substantially less than that of the senior creditors. Risks Related to Our Operations The anticipated benefits of recent or future development opportunities, acquisitions or joint ventures may not be realized or may take longer than expected to realize. We have recently acquired assets or businesses, and may in the future engage in development opportunities, including joint ventures, or pursue acquisitions of assets or other businesses, that are complementary to our business. For any such acquisitions, the optimization of our combined operations may be a complex, costly and time-consuming process and if we experience difficulties in this process, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on us for an undetermined period after any such acquisition. There can be no assurances that we will realize any potential operating efficiencies, synergies and other benefits anticipated in connection with such development opportunities, joint ventures or acquisitions. The integration of our acquisitions may present material challenges, including, without limitation: • combining leadership teams and corporate cultures; • the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management’s attention to the integration of a new asset or business; • managing a larger combined business; • maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees, including by offering sufficiently attractive terms of employment; • retaining existing business and operational relationships, and attracting new business and operational relationships; • the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process; • consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations; • difficulty replicating or replacing functions, systems and infrastructure provided by prior owners of interests in one or more business divisions or the loss of benefits from such prior owners’ global contracts; • managing expense loads and maintaining currently anticipated operating margins given that products may be different in nature and therefore may require additional personnel and compensation expenses, which expenses may be borne by us, rather than our products; and • unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems. Some of those factors are outside of our control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, performance shortfalls, decreases in the amount of potential revenues or synergies, potential cost savings, and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could materially and potentially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 35 Table of Contents We may continue to enter into new product lines and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, businesses and investor profiles, each of which may result in upfront costs and additional risks and uncertainties in our business. We intend, if market conditions warrant, to grow our business by increasing FPAUM in existing products and expanding into new investment strategies, geographic markets (including in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets) and products. We may pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment management companies, expansion into new markets, acquisitions of critical business partners or other strategic initiatives, in each case, which may include entering into new lines of business. Attempts to expand our business involve a number of special risks, including some or all of the following: • the required investment of capital and other resources; • the diversion of management’s attention from our core products; • the assumption of liabilities in any acquired business; • the disruption of our ongoing business; • entry into markets, lines of business and investor profiles in which we may have limited or no experience, and which may subject us to new laws and regulations which we are not familiar or from which we are currently exempt; • increasing demands on our operational and management systems and controls; • compliance with or applicability to our business or our products’ portfolio companies of regulations and laws, including, in particular, local regulations and laws (for example, consumer protection-related laws, digital infrastructure regulation, environmental regulation, insurance regulation and tax laws) and the impact that noncompliance or even perceived noncompliance could have on us and our products’ portfolio companies; • conflicts between platforms or strategies in deal flow or objectives; • we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to, systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control; • potential increase in product investor concentration; and • the broadening of our geographic footprint, increasing the risks associated with conducting operations in foreign jurisdictions where we currently have little or no presence, such as different legal, tax and regulatory regimes and currency fluctuations, which require additional resources to address. Because we have not yet identified these potential new investment strategies, geographic markets or lines of business, we cannot identify all of the specific risks we may face and the potential adverse consequences on us and our investments that may result from any attempted expansion. Rapid growth of our business may be difficult to sustain and may place significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources. Our AUM has grown significantly in the past, and we may pursue further growth, including opportunistically through acquisitions. Our rapid growth has placed, and future growth, if successful, will continue to place, significant demands on our legal, compliance, accounting and operational infrastructure and will result in increased expenses. In addition, we are, and will continue to be, required to continuously develop our systems and infrastructure in response to the increasing sophistication of the investment management market; legal, accounting, regulatory and tax developments and continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Our future growth will depend in part on our ability to maintain an operating infrastructure and management system sufficient to address our growth and may require us to incur significant additional expenses and to commit additional senior management and operational resources. As a result, we may face significant challenges in: • maintaining adequate financial, regulatory (legal, tax and compliance) and business controls; • providing current and future product investors and stockholders with accurate and consistent reporting; • implementing new or updated information and financial systems and procedures; and • training, managing and appropriately sizing our work force and other components of our business on a timely and cost-effective basis. 36 Table of Contents We may not be able to manage our expanding operations effectively and may not be ready to continue to grow because of operational needs, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and control our expenses. Our use of leverage to finance our business or that of our products may expose us to substantial risks. Any security interests or negative covenants required by a credit facility we enter into may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt. We may choose to finance our business operations through the issuance of senior notes, borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7 to our Financial Statements) or by issuing additional debt in the future. Our existing and future indebtedness exposes us to the typical risks associated with the use of leverage. The occurrence or continuation of any of these events or trends could cause us to suffer a decline in the credit ratings assigned to our debt by rating agencies, which could cause the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility to increase and could result in other material adverse effects on our business. We depend on financial institutions extending credit to us on terms that are reasonable to us. There is no guarantee that such institutions will continue to extend credit to us or renew any existing credit agreements we may have with them, or that we will be able to refinance outstanding facilities when they mature. In addition, the incurrence of additional debt in the future could result in potential downgrades of our existing corporate credit ratings, which could limit the availability of future financing and increase our cost of borrowing. Furthermore, our Revolving Credit Facility contains certain covenants with which we need to comply. Non-compliance with any of the covenants without cure or waiver would constitute an event of default, and an event of default resulting from a breach of certain covenants could result, at the option of the lenders, in an acceleration of the principal and interest outstanding. Additionally, for many Credit products, the gross asset value used as the base for the management fee includes investments purchased with leverage. If we are unable to obtain leverage at the expected level, or at all, this will have a negative impact on our ability to realize the full fee potential of any particular fund. As borrowings under our senior notes, Revolving Credit Facility and any future indebtedness mature, we may be required to either refinance them by entering into new facilities or issuing additional debt, which could result in higher borrowing costs, or issuing equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. We could also repay these borrowings by using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets. We may be unable to enter into new facilities or issue debt or equity in the future on attractive terms, or at all. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate based on SOFR (as defined in Note 7 to our Financial Statements) obligations. As a result, an increase in SOFR will increase our interest costs if such borrowings are not been hedged into fixed rates in the future. Additionally, Blue Owl may provide financial guarantees of performance in connection with certain investments, particularly in our Real Assets products, to certain lenders to its products and investments. Lenders in commercial real estate financing customarily will require such guarantees, which typically provides that the lender can recover losses from the guarantors for certain bad acts, such as fraud or intentional misrepresentation, intentional waste, willful misconduct, criminal acts, misappropriation of funds, voluntary incurrence of prohibited debt and environmental losses sustained by the lenders. It is expected that commercial real estate financing arrangements will generally require such guarantees and in the event that such a guarantee is called, Blue Owl’s assets could be materially and adversely affected. Our cash and cash equivalents could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fail. We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. If a depository institution fails to return these deposits or is otherwise subject to adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, our access to invested cash or cash equivalents could be limited which adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. Risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our and our products’ investments. When managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our products) from time to time use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The scope of risk management activities undertaken by us varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates, prevailing foreign currency exchange rates, the types of investments that are made and other changing market conditions. The use of hedging transactions and other derivative instruments to reduce the effects of a decline in the value of a position does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the value of the position or prevent losses if the value of the position declines. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for 37 Table of Contents gain if the value of a position increases. Moreover, it may not be possible to limit the exposure to a market development that is so generally anticipated that a hedging or other derivative transaction cannot be entered into at an acceptable price. Currency fluctuations, in particular, can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and financial condition. The success of any hedging or other derivative transaction generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument and the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors. As a result, while we may enter into such a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the transaction may result in poorer overall firm or investment performance than if it had not been executed. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases. While such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may entail certain other risks. These arrangements may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices that do not reflect their underlying value. Moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, which may reduce the returns generated by Blue Owl or a product. Cybersecurity risks and cyber data security incidents could adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information and confidential information in our possession and damage to our business relationships. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us because, as an alternative asset management firm, we hold confidential and other price sensitive information about existing and potential investments. Malicious cyber activity involving ransomware, extortion, business email compromise, social engineering and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. Additionally, cyber-attacks and other security threats have become increasingly complex as a result of the emergence of new AI technologies which are able to identify and target new vulnerabilities in information technology systems. As a result, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to confidential information resulting from an attack by computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber terrorists. The efficient operation of our business is dependent on computer hardware and software systems, as well as data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, which, despite implementation of a variety of security measures, are vulnerable to security breaches and cyber-attacks. A cyber-attack is considered to be an intentional attack or an unintentional event or series of events and involves gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption or otherwise compromising the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our systems or infrastructure. Some factors that could create a heightened risk of a cyber incident include the use of remote work tools and/or third-party service providers, including cloud-based service providers. In addition, we and our employees may be the target of social engineering, fraudulent emails or other targeted attempts to gain unauthorized access to proprietary or sensitive information. The result of any cyber-attack may include disrupted operations, including in our, our affiliates’, our fund investors’, our counterparties’, or third parties’ operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, fraudulent transfers or requests for transfers of money, liability for stolen or improperly accessed assets or information (including personal information), increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation or damage to our business relationships and reputation, in each case causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition to cyber-related threats, our and our affiliates’ information systems and those of our third-party service providers may be subject to failures or interruptions arising from other causes beyond our control, including sudden electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes or hurricanes, disease pandemics, social unrest and geopolitical events including wars and acts of terrorism. Any such events could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and financial results. The rapid evolution and increased availability of AI technologies may intensify cybersecurity risks by making such attacks and other cybersecurity incidents more difficult to detect, contain, and mitigate. For example, threat actors could impersonate Blue Owl or our employees, including through the use of AI technologies. Such technologies make such impersonation more likely to occur or appear more credible. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by third-party service providers, including increased risks resulting from remote working. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our networks or our partners’ networks have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security 38 Table of Contents practices is limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. Outages of and interruptions to third-party software vendors’ services, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with a third-party service provider, have previously resulted in, and could in the future result in, temporary disruptions to our and our affiliates’ normal operations. We have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions and rely on industry accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain confidential and proprietary information maintained on our information systems. However, these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-attack, do not guarantee that a cyber-attack will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident, especially because the cyber-attack techniques change frequently or are not recognized until launched and because cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Cybersecurity risks are exacerbated by the rapidly increasing volume of highly sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, personally identifiable information of our employees, our clients and others and other sensitive information that we collect and store in our data centers,on our cloud environments and on our networks. Our products may also invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in infrastructure assets, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or security breach than other assets or businesses. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of product investor, employee or other personally identifiable, proprietary business data or other sensitive information, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance (or the negligence or malfeasance of third party service providers that have access to such confidential information) or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us and significant reputational harm, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. We are subject to risks in using custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents. Many of our products depend on the services of custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain transactions and other administrative services, including compliance with regulatory requirements in U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. We are subject to risks of errors and mistakes made by these third parties, which may be attributed to us and subject us or our products’ investors to reputational damage, penalties or losses. We depend on third parties to provide primary and back up communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third-party service providers, or as a result of cyber-attacks or other breaches could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, portfolio monitoring, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. The terms of the contracts with third-party service providers are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight. Accordingly, we may be unsuccessful in seeking reimbursement or indemnification from these third-party service providers. In addition, we rely on a select number of third-party services providers and replacement of any one of our service providers could be difficult and result in disruption and expense. Risks Related to Personnel We depend on our senior management team, senior investment professionals and other key personnel to provide their services to us and our products. Our success depends on the efforts, judgment and personal reputations of our senior management team, senior investment professionals and other key personnel. Their reputations, expertise in investing, relationships with product investors and with other members of the business communities on whom we and our products depend on for investment opportunities and financing are each critical elements in operating and expanding our business. The loss of the services of our senior management team, senior investment professionals or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on us and our products, and on the performance of our products, including on our ability to retain and attract product investors and raise capital. The departure of some or all of those individuals could also trigger certain provisions tied to the departure of, or cessation of committed time, by those persons (known as “key person” provisions) in the documentation governing certain of our products, which could permit the investors in those products to suspend or terminate those products’ investment periods. We do not carry 39 Table of Contents any “key person” insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of our senior professionals, and we do not have a policy that prohibits our senior professionals from traveling together. There is no guarantee that the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors and other key personnel are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us. Such agreements also expire after a certain period of time, at which point such personnel would be free to compete against us and solicit our clients and employees. In addition, such agreements may not be enforceable in all cases, particularly as U.S. states and/or federal agencies enact legislation or adopt rules aimed at effectively prohibiting non-competition agreements. In addition, each of Doug Ostrover, Marc Lipschultz, Michael Rees and Marc Zahr (each a “Key Individual”) is entitled to significant compensation payments and under certain circumstances (including the Key Individual’s death or disability), the Key Individual (or his estate) is entitled to retain those payments for up to five years following such person’s ceasing to be employed by us. While we continue to make such payments, we may need to find or promote new employees to replace the former Key Individual, which may require additional significant compensation to be paid by us, which could adversely affect our earnings. Employee, former employee or third-party service provider misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain product investors and subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. Our ability to attract and retain product investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our clients depends heavily upon the reputation of our professionals, especially our senior professionals as well as third-party service providers. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our investment management business and our authority and statutory fiduciary status over the assets managed by our investment management business. Further, our employees are subject to various internal policies including a Code of Business Conduct and policies covering conflicts of interest, information systems, business continuity and information security. The violation of those obligations, standards and policies by any of our employees or misconduct by one of our third-party service providers could adversely affect investors in our products and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which our products may invest. If our employees, former employees or third-party service providers were to use or disclose confidential information improperly, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. Additionally, we allow many of our employees to work on a hybrid schedule or remotely, which has required us to develop and implement additional precautions in order to detect and prevent employee misconduct. Employee, former employee or third-party service provider misconduct could also include, among other things, binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks and other unauthorized activities or concealing unsuccessful investments (which, in either case, may result in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses), or otherwise charging (or seeking to charge) inappropriate expenses or inappropriate or unlawful behavior or actions directed towards other employees. It is not always possible to detect or deter misconduct by employees or third-party service providers, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. If one or more of our employees, former employees or third-party service providers were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected and a loss of product investor confidence could result, which would adversely impact our ability to raise future products. Our current and former employees and those of our products’ investments as well as our third-party service providers may also become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial and gender discrimination or other similar misconduct, which, regardless of the ultimate outcome, may result in adverse publicity that could harm our and such portfolio company’s brand and reputation. Our future growth depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop human capital in a highly competitive talent market. The success of our business will continue to depend upon us attracting, developing and retaining human capital. Competition for qualified, motivated, and highly-skilled executives, professionals and other key personnel in asset management firms is significant. Turnover and associated costs of rehiring, the loss of human capital through attrition, death, or disability and the reduced ability to attract talent could impair our ability to implement our future growth and maintain our standards of excellence. Our future success will depend upon our ability to find, attract, retain and motivate highly-skilled and highly-qualified individuals. We seek to provide our personnel with competitive benefits and compensation packages. However, our efforts may not be sufficient to enable us to attract, retain and motivate qualified individuals to support our growth. Moreover, if our personnel join competitors or form businesses that compete with ours, that could adversely affect our ability to raise new or successor products. 40 Table of Contents Conflicts of Interest Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities. As an asset manager with multiple clients, including our various and expanding strategies and products, we increasingly confront conflicts of interests relating to our investment activities and operations. In particular, our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities across our products are subject to numerous actual or potential conflicts of interest. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to address those conflicts, our failure to effectively identify and address them could cause reputational harm and a loss of investor confidence in our business. It could also result in regulatory lapses that could lead to applicable penalties, as well as increased regulatory oversight of our business. Identifying potential conflicts of interest is complex and fact-intensive, and it is not possible to foresee every conflict of interest that could or will arise. Potential conflicts of interest in allocation among our products. Certain of our products may have overlapping investment objectives, including products that have different fee structures, and conflicts may arise with respect to our allocation of investment opportunities among those products as well as other co-investors. We are permitted to allocate an investment to a number of products across our platforms that we view as appropriate for the particular investment objectives, strategies and characteristics of such products. We reserve the right to allocate an investment opportunity that is appropriate for two or more investment products in a manner that excludes one or more products or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine including, but not limited to, differences with respect to available capital; the current or anticipated size of a product; minimum investment amounts; the remaining life of a product; differences in investment objectives, guidelines or strategies; diversification; portfolio construction considerations; liquidity needs; legal, tax and regulatory requirements and other considerations deemed relevant to us and in accordance with our policies and procedures. Although we have adopted investment allocation policies and procedures that are designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment over time, and expect such policies and procedures to continue to evolve, those policies and procedures will not eliminate all potential conflicts. Additionally, certain investment opportunities may be allocated to certain products that have lower fees or to our co-investment products or third-party co-investors that pay no fees. To the extent that those investments could otherwise have been allocated to products generating FPAUM, our revenues will be less than what would otherwise have been generated were those investments made through fee paying structures. In addition, subject to applicable law and our policies and procedures, we are permitted to cause a product to enter into a transaction to purchase securities from, or sell securities to, another product we manage, or co-investors or co-investment vehicles. Any of these transactions raise potential conflicts of interest, including where: (i) the investment of one product supports the value of portfolio investments owned by another product or (ii) the transaction allows us to realize carried interest or receive future management fees or other compensation with respect to such investments. These conflicts are heightened to the extent the relevant securities are illiquid or do not have a readily ascertainable value. Potential conflicts of interest in connection with co-investments between our private funds and our Regulated Products. Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with co-investments between our private funds and our Regulated Products. Funds sponsored or managed by our investment adviser subsidiaries are prohibited from participating in certain transactions alongside our Regulated Products, or certain entities controlled by such funds, without an SEC exemptive order (“Co-Investment Exemptive Order”). We intend to rely on the Co-Investment Exemptive Order in order to engage in co-investment transactions between our private funds and our Regulated Products and certain of their controlled entities. Our ability to rely on the Co-Investment Exemptive Order is subject to certain limitations and requirements, including the requirement that each participant in a co-investment transaction acquire or dispose of the same class of securities on substantially the same key terms and share expenses related to the co-investment transaction pro rata to the securities being acquired. These restrictions may limit the ability of our private funds to make certain investments they otherwise may have made, and subject our products to additional compliance and regulatory risk. Additionally, the different investment objectives of our private funds versus our Regulated Products may result in a potential conflict of interest, including in connection with the allocation of investments between the funds made in co-investment transactions pursuant to the Co-Investment Exemptive Order and in decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities between our private funds and our Regulated Products. Conflicts related to investments by several of our products at different levels of the capital structure of a single portfolio company or Partner Manager. Different products that we advise may invest in a single portfolio company, including at different levels of the capital structure of the same portfolio company. For example, in the normal course of business, one of our products may acquire debt positions 41 Table of Contents in, or lend to, portfolio companies in which another of our products owns common equity securities or a subordinated debt position. Such investments or commitments may be made at different times, at different prices and on different terms. The interests of these different products invested in different levels of the capital structure of a portfolio company may not always be aligned and actions taken for one product may be adverse to one or more other products, which may give rise to conflicts of interest. The interests of these different products may diverge significantly particularly in the case of financial distress of the portfolio company. For example, in a bankruptcy proceeding or out-of-court restructuring, the interests of a product owning equity or subordinated debt securities may be subordinated or otherwise adversely affected by virtue of a different product’s actions in respect of its own interests as a senior debt holder. The governing documents of our products may also prevent or impose conditions on other products investing at different levels of the capital structure. Alternatively, investments by more than one product in a portfolio company also have the potential to raise the risk of using assets of one product to support positions taken by our other products. For example, we may be incentivized to cause a product invested in a senior debt position to be more passive or refrain from taking actions adverse to other products invested in equity or subordinated debt given the possibility for losses for these products. In addition, if one of our Regulated Products is an investor in a portfolio company alongside other of our products that have invested in a different part of the portfolio company’s capital structure, the Investment Company Act may prohibit us from negotiating on behalf of any such product in connection with a reorganization or restructuring of the portfolio company. While we have developed general guidelines regarding when two or more products can invest in different parts of the same company’s capital structure and created a process that we employ to handle those conflicts when they arise, our decision to permit the investments to occur in the first instance or our judgment on how to minimize the conflict could be challenged. If we fail to appropriately address those conflicts, it could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional products and the willingness of counterparties to do business with us or result in potential litigation against us. Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of costs and expenses, and we are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and uncertainty with regard to those allocations. As an asset manager with multiple products, we regularly allocate costs and expenses among our products and between our products and us. Certain of those allocation determinations are inherently subjective and virtually all of them are subject to regulatory oversight. Allegations of, or investigation into, a potential improper expense allocation could cause reputational harm and a loss of investor confidence in our business. It could also result in regulatory lapses or penalties, as well as increased regulatory oversight of our business. In addition, any determination to allocate costs and expenses to us could negatively affect our net income, and ultimately decrease the value of our common stock and our dividends to our stockholders. We have a conflict of interest in determining whether certain costs and expenses are incurred in the course of operating our products, including the extent to which services provided by certain employees and associated costs, including compensation, are allocable to certain products. Our products generally pay or otherwise bear all legal, accounting, filing, and other expenses incurred in connection with organizing and establishing the products and the offering of interests in the products, as well as the operation of the products and their investment activities, including certain employee compensation in the case of certain products. In certain cases, our products’ responsibility for such expenses are subject to caps. Such determinations often require subjective judgment and may result in us, rather than our products, bearing certain fees and expenses. We also determine, in our sole discretion, the appropriate allocation of investment-related expenses, including broken deal expenses and expenses more generally relating to a particular investment strategy, among our products, vehicles and accounts participating or that would have participated in such investments or that otherwise participate in the relevant investment strategy, as applicable. That often requires judgment and could result in one or more of our products bearing more or less of these expenses than other investors or potential investors in the relevant investments or a fund paying a disproportionate share, including some or all, of the broken deal expenses or other expenses incurred by potential investors. Any dispute regarding such allocations could lead to our products or us, as further described below, having to bear some portion of these costs as well as reputational risk. In addition, for products that do not pay or otherwise bear the costs and expenses described above because of the application of caps or otherwise, such amounts may be borne by us, which will reduce the amount of net fee income we receive for providing advisory services to the products. Our BSP provides strategic services to Partner Managers. Certain expenses associated with the BSP (“BSP Expenses”) are allocated among, and payable by, each of the flagship GP minority equity investment products; however, co-investment and similar vehicles sponsored and/or managed by us do not bear any portion of BSP Expenses. Those GP Strategic Capital products are generally allocated an amount equal to their pro rata allocation of BSP Expenses based on the relative number of Partner Managers in which investments are held from time to time by each of those products; provided that the amount of BSP Expenses borne by a particular fund is subject to certain floors and/or caps specified in its respective governing documents. We are required to bear any BSP Expenses allocated to a product that exceeds the product’s cap on those expenses. In addition, in certain instances, we expect to determine not to allocate or charge certain BSP Expenses to any product, in response to 42 Table of Contents regulatory, investor relations, governance or other applicable considerations and determine instead for those BSP Expenses to be borne by us. Any such determination could have the effect of materially reducing the reimbursement payments received by us with respect to the BSP or result in losses attributable to certain activities thereof. The allocation methodology for allocating BSP Expenses and other similar expenses is complex and subject to interpretation. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any conflict arising from these allocations of expenses will be resolved in a manner responsive to the interests of all of our clients, which could damage our reputation. The activities of the BSP and the allocation of BSP Expenses have in the past been subject to an SEC order. These and other expense allocation practices could in the future be subject to regulatory scrutiny. Potential conflicts of interest in allocation among Blue Owl, our products and our investment professionals. Certain of our products may have overlapping investment objectives with Blue Owl, and conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities among Blue Owl and our products. We have provided and expect to continue to provide funds to support new product and strategy launches to enable our products to achieve a level of scale and profitability. We have used, and expect to continue to use, our balance sheet capital to warehouse seed investments in our products pending the contribution of committed capital by the investors in such products and/or to extend bridge loans to our products, which may decrease the liquidity available for other parts of our business. If new strategies or products do not develop as anticipated or our balance sheet assets cease to provide adequate liquidity, we may be forced to realize losses or become limited in our ability to seed new products or strategies or support existing ones as currently contemplated. Furthermore, our investment professionals or entities controlled by them may make similar investments or loans to new products or third-party investment opportunities, including in connection with their personal or family office investment activities. These activities may result in actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Although we have adopted personal trading policies and procedures that are designed to ensure that, in such circumstances, Blue Owl or our products, as the case may be, has first priority in investment opportunities that align with its investment objectives, and expect these policies and procedures to continue to evolve as Blue Owl’s business evolves, those policies and procedures may not eliminate all potential conflicts. Existing and future relationships between or among our Partner Managers, our products and their investors could give rise to actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Certain of our GP Strategic Capital products’ Partner Managers directly or through their investment funds, own securities in Blue Owl or its subsidiaries. In addition, certain GP Strategic Capital products own securities in Blue Owl or its subsidiaries and may have different interests, including different investment horizons, than Blue Owl. Any decision with respect to holding or disposing of any such products’ interests in Blue Owl will be determined by the applicable investment manager in a manner consistent with its duties to the product. Because those decisions will be made independent from consideration of Blue Owl’s interests, they may, due to a range of factors, conflict with the interest of Blue Owl or its stockholders. GP Strategic Capital products hold minority, noncontrolling interests in a broad range of Partner Managers. Those Partner Managers may, from time to time, directly or through their funds, enter into transactions or other contractual arrangements with us or our products outside of the GP minority stakes strategy, including our private funds, Regulated Products and Real Assets products, or between or among one another in the ordinary course of business, which may result in additional conflicts of interest. For example, in 2024 Blue Owl agreed to acquire a Partner Manager in which certain of our GP Strategic Capital products held, directly or indirectly, minority, non-controlling interests, in connection with which we implemented procedures to minimize or eliminate any conflicts. None of those transactions or other contractual arrangements are believed to be material to our operations or performance but future transactions may be material. Portfolio companies of products managed by our Partner Managers may also be borrowers under debt facilities or instruments owned, arranged or managed by our products. In its capacity as agent or lender under such facilities or instruments, a fund is required to act in the best interests of its stockholders or investors. In certain circumstances, one of our products may be required to take actions that may be adverse to the investments owned by funds managed by Partner Managers, which could adversely affect our relationships with the Partner Managers, or potentially impact the value of a GP Strategic Capital product’s investment in such Partner Manager. From time to time, companies in which our products or products managed by our Partner Managers have invested or may invest may enter into sale-leaseback transactions with, or otherwise become tenants of, our Real Assets products. These arrangements could result in our products or products managed by our Partner Managers being creditors to, or equity owners of, such companies at the same time as those companies are tenants of our Real Assets products. If such a company were to encounter 43 Table of Contents financial difficulty or default on its obligations as a borrower, our product or a product managed by a Partner Manager, could be required to take actions that may be adverse to those of our Real Assets products in enforcing its rights under the relevant facilities or agreements, or vice versa. Investments in portfolio companies connected to other business relationships may cause us to take different actions with respect to such investment than would have otherwise occurred had the portfolio company had no other business relationship with us or our products. Even if the foregoing relationships and transactions do not create actual conflicts, the perception of conflicts in the press or the financial community generally could create negative publicity with respect to Blue Owl, which could adversely affect the relationships with our product investors. Conflicts related to our lack of information barriers. Our products, investment platforms and investment professionals regularly obtain non-public information regarding target companies and other investment opportunities. Since we do not currently maintain permanent information barriers among our businesses, we generally impute non-public information received by one investment team to all other investment professionals, including all of the personnel who make investment decisions for our products. In the event that any of our products or people obtain confidential or material non-public information, we and our products may be restricted in acquiring or disposing of investments. Notwithstanding the maintenance of restricted securities lists and other internal controls, the internal controls relating to the management of material non-public information could fail and result in us, or one of our people, buying or selling a security while deemed to be in possession of material non-public information. Inadvertent trading on material non-public information could negatively impact our reputation, result in the imposition of regulatory or financial sanctions and, consequently, negatively impact our ability to provide investment management services to our products and clients. These risks are heightened by the existence of our public equity products, which may limit the products’ investment opportunities or ability to dispose of investments. In limited circumstances, we may put in place temporary information barriers to restrict the transfer of non-public information, which limit our products’ abilities to benefit from Blue Owl expertise and such temporary information barriers could be breached, resulting in the same restrictions on such products’ investment activities. In certain instances, Blue Owl may decline to receive material nonpublic information from an investment or prospective investment, even if such material nonpublic information would be beneficial to a Blue Owl product, because the receipt of such material non-public information may inhibit the investment activities of Blue Owl and/or one or more other Blue Owl products and foregoing such material nonpublic information may negatively impact the potential receiving Blue Owl products and/or one or more of its portfolio investments. Further, in the future, we could be required by certain regulations, or decide that it is advisable, to establish permanent information barriers, which would impair our ability to operate as an integrated platform, limit management’s ability to manage our investments and reduce potential synergies across our businesses. The establishment of information barriers may also lead to operational disruptions and result in restructuring costs, including costs related to hiring additional personnel as existing investment professionals are allocated to either side of a barrier. Additional and unpredictable conflicts of interests may arise in the future. In addition to the conflicts outlined above, we may experience conflicts of interest in connection with the management of our business affairs relating to and arising from a number of matters, including the amounts paid to us by our products; services that may be provided by us and our affiliates to investments in which our products invest (including the determination of whether or not to charge fees to our investments for our provision of such services); investments by our products and our other clients, subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act; our formation of additional products; differing recommendations given by us to different clients; and our use of information gained from a product’s investments used to inform investments by other clients, subject to applicable law. In resolving these conflicts of interest, we may favor our products’ interests or investors’ interests over the interests of our stockholders. Our GP Strategic Capital products hold and make investments in Partner Managers and there may be provisions within our arrangements with Partner Managers that could affect our right to receive or share information or cause us to sell our interests in the Partner Manager. The terms of our GP Strategic Capital products’ investments in Partner Managers generally include provisions relating to competitors of the Partner Managers, access to information about the Partner Managers and their business, and affirmative and negative confidentiality obligations regarding the Partner Managers. While we have implemented information control procedures with restrictions regarding the sharing of a Partner Manager’s confidential information, such procedures may not reduce a Partner Manager’s concern over the sharing of confidential and competitively sensitive information. Certain Partner 44 Table of Contents Managers that are engaged in managing funds focused on similar businesses as our other product lines may consider Blue Owl to be a competitor with respect to their business and may seek to invoke remedies available to them under the investment agreements or pursue other remedies. Potential remedies available to them under the investment agreements, as applicable, include limiting the rights of our products to receive confidential information from the Partner Manager regarding its business, requiring us to sequester confidential information received from the Partner Manager, or requiring us to sell our interests in the Partner Manager for fair value as determined under the relevant investment agreement. A forced sale of a Partner Manager interest may reduce the amount of fees we receive with respect to the applicable GP Strategic Capital product, and any reduction in information may impede our ability to supervise our products’ investments. Further, the affiliation may hinder the GP Strategic Capital products’ ability to make future investments in Partner Managers who are in the same space and who may consider Blue Owl a competitor, including follow-on investments in existing Partner Managers and investments with new Partner Managers. The operations of our business and related transactions may affect our reputation and relationship with our Partner Managers. We are reliant upon our strong relationships with our Partner Managers for the continued growth and development of business. Due to the number of Partner Managers with which we have relationships, we may compete with existing or prospective Partner Managers, which could negatively impact our ability to attract new Partner Managers to our products who may seek relationships with non-competitors over concerns of sharing information with competitors or other potential conflicts, including the ability to exercise our fiduciary duties. Additionally, our investments in Partner Managers may affect our relationships with other sponsors that are key relationships for our Credit products, because of similar concerns around information sharing or other reasons. While we have implemented procedures to address any such conflict, such procedures may not reduce the perception that such conflicts exist and may make us a less attractive partner/investor. Our entitlement and that of certain Principals and employees to receive performance income from certain of our products may create an incentive for us to make more decisions, including speculative investments and determinations on behalf of our products, than would be the case in the absence of such performance income. Some of our products generate performance-based fees, including carried interest. With respect to Blue Owl GP Stakes I - V and their related co-investment vehicles , none of the carried interest will be allocated to us. We will generally be allocated 15% of the carried interest attributable to Blue Owl GP Stakes VI and future GP Strategic Capital products as well as 15% of the carried interest in existing and future Real Assets and Credit products. If a new GP Strategic Capital product is formed to facilitate a secondary transaction with respect to any of Blue Owl GP Stakes I - V (which would include, without limitation, any continuation fund or other new product whose primary purpose is to acquire directly or indirectly all or a portion of the assets of or interests in Blue Owl GP Stakes I - V), any carried interest generated by such product will not be allocated to us, notwithstanding that such secondary vehicle is formed in the future. Performance revenues not allocated to us are allocated, in part, to certain Principals and employees of Blue Owl in vehicles not controlled by us. Carried interest and performance-based fees or allocations may create an incentive for us or our investment professionals to make more speculative or riskier investments and determinations, directly or indirectly on behalf of our products, or otherwise take or refrain from taking certain actions than it would otherwise make in the absence of such carried interest or performance-based fees or allocations. It may also create incentives to influence how we establish economic terms for future products. In addition, we may have an incentive to make exit determinations based on factors that maximize economics in favor of the persons entitled to performance-based fees relative to us and our non-participating stockholders. Our failure to appropriately address any actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest resulting from our entitlement to receive performance income from many of our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including limiting our ability to raise additional products, attract new clients or retain existing clients. Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment Our business is subject to extensive domestic and foreign regulations that may subject us to significant costs and compliance requirements, and there can be no assurance that we will satisfactorily comply with such regulations. Our business, as well as the financial services industry generally, is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations or exchanges in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate relating to, among other things, securities, antitrust, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, tax and privacy. Each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities. In particular, the SEC has proposed, and is expected to continue to propose, a number of new rules that would impose significant changes on investment advisers and their management of private funds. While the SEC has recently withdrawn a number of 45 Table of Contents proposed regulations perceived as burdensome to private funds advisers, particularly those related to ESG investing and cybersecurity, new SEC rules could result in changes to our operations and could materially impact our products and/or their investments, including by causing us to incur additional expenses. We have expanded our business globally. Differences between the laws and rules governing our business in foreign jurisdictions compared to the United States result in inconsistent regulatory requirements that it may not be possible to fully reconcile in a cost-efficient manner across our business. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting, accounting and corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) and Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) that apply to issuers of listed equity, which impose certain significant compliance requirements, costs and obligations upon us. The requirements of being a publicly listed company and ongoing compliance with these rules and regulations require a significant commitment of additional resources and management oversight, which increases our operating costs and could divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns. The SEC oversees the activities of certain of our subsidiaries that are registered investment advisers under the Advisers Act and the activities of our Regulated Products that are regulated under the Investment Company Act. FINRA and the SEC oversee the activities of our wholly owned subsidiary Blue Owl Securities as a registered broker-dealer, which also maintains licenses in all states. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 The Advisers Act imposes specific restrictions on an investment adviser’s ability to engage in principal and agency cross transactions. Our registered investment advisers are subject to additional requirements that cover, among other things, disclosure of information about our business to clients; maintenance of written policies and procedures; maintenance of extensive books and records; restrictions on the types of fees we may charge, including performance fees and carried interest; maintaining effective compliance programs; custody of client assets; client privacy; advertising; and proxy voting. Failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the Advisers Act could result in investigations, sanctions, fines, restrictions on the activities of us or our personnel and reputational damage. Under the Advisers Act, an investment adviser (whether or not registered under the Advisers Act) has fiduciary duties to its clients. The SEC has interpreted those duties to impose standards, requirements and limitations on, among other things, trading for proprietary, personal and client accounts; allocations of investment opportunities among clients; execution of transactions; and recommendations to clients. Investment Company Act Our subsidiaries are the advisers to our Regulated Products, which are subject to the rules and regulations under the Investment Company Act. Our Regulated Products are required to file shareholder reports with the SEC and also are required to comply with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Furthermore, advisers to our Regulated Products have a fiduciary duty under the Investment Company Act not to charge excessive compensation, and the Investment Company Act grants our Regulated Products’ equityholders a direct private right of action against investment advisers to seek redress for alleged violations of this fiduciary duty. While we exercise broad discretion over the day-to-day management of our Regulated Products, each of our Regulated Products is also subject to oversight and management by a board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, a majority of whom are not “interested persons” as defined under the Investment Company Act. The responsibilities of each of our Regulated Product’s boards include, among other things, approving our advisory contract with the applicable Regulated Product that we manage; approving certain service providers; monitoring transactions involving affiliates; and approving certain co-investment transactions. Additionally, each quarter, the applicable investment adviser, as the valuation designee, will provide the audit committee of each of our Regulated Products with a summary or description of material fair value matters that occurred in the prior quarter and on an annual basis, as well as a written assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of its fair value process. The audit committee of each of our Regulated Products oversees the valuation designee and reports to the respective Regulated Product’s board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, on any valuation matters requiring such board’s attention. The advisory contracts with each of our Regulated Products may be terminated by the equityholders, directors or trustees of such Regulated Product on not more than 60 days’ notice, and are subject to annual renewal by each respective Regulated Product’s board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable, after an initial two-year term. 46 Table of Contents Our Regulated Products are also prohibited from knowingly participating in certain transactions with their affiliates, except as permitted by the Investment Company Act and the Co-investment Exemptive Order. For additional details, see “—Conflicts of Interest—Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of capital and co-investment opportunities.” The Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk-taking by covered financial institutions. In 2016, federal bank regulatory authorities and the SEC revised and re-proposed a rule that generally (1) prohibits incentive-based payment arrangements that are determined to encourage inappropriate risks by certain financial institutions by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss and (2) requires those financial institutions to disclose information concerning incentive-based compensation arrangements to the appropriate federal regulator. The SEC has proposed but has not yet adopted such rule. To the extent such rules are adopted, our ability to recruit and retain investment professionals and senior management executives could be adversely impacted. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”) has the authority to review the activities of certain nonbank financial firms engaged in financial activities and designate them as systemically important financial institutions (“SIFI”). Currently, there are no non-bank financial companies with a non-bank SIFI designation. The FSOC has, however, designated certain non-bank financial companies as SIFIs in the past, and additional non-bank financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as SIFIs in the future. In November 2023, FSOC adopted amendments to its guidance regarding procedures for designating non-bank financial companies as SIFIs which eliminated the prior guidance’s prioritization of an “activities-based” approach for identifying, assessing and addressing potential risks to financial stability. The elimination of an “activities-based” approach over designation of an individual firm as a non-bank SIFI may increase the likelihood of FSOC designating one or more firms as a non-bank SIFI. If we were designated as such, it would result in increased regulation of our businesses, including the imposition of capital, leverage, liquidity and risk management standards, credit exposure reporting and concentration limits, enhanced public disclosures, restrictions on acquisitions and annual stress tests by the Federal Reserve. Requirements such as these, which were designed to regulate banking institutions, would likely need to be modified to be applicable to an asset manager, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be adapted for asset managers. Other Securities Laws In addition, we regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, state securities (blue sky) laws and foreign securities laws. Those exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. The revocation, challenge or unavailability of these exemptions could increase our cost of doing business or subject us to regulatory action or third-party claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Compliance with existing and new regulations subjects us to significant costs. Any changes or other developments in the regulatory framework applicable to our business and changes to formerly accepted industry practices, may impose additional costs on us, require the attention of our senior management or limit the manner in which we conduct our business. We may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Additional legislation or regulations, increasing global regulatory oversight of fundraising activities, changes in rules promulgated by self-regulatory organizations or exchanges or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability. Moreover, our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, including labor and employment laws, could result in fines, censure, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of the registration of our relevant subsidiaries as investment advisers or our broker-dealer affiliate as a registered broker-dealer. Even if a sanction is imposed against us, one of our subsidiaries or our affiliates or our personnel by a regulator for a small monetary amount, the costs incurred in responding to such matters could be material. The adverse publicity related to the sanction could harm our reputation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, making it harder for us to raise new and successor products and discouraging others from doing business with us or accepting investments from our products. United Kingdom Exit from the European Union (“EU”) 47 Table of Contents On January 31, 2020, the UK formally withdrew from the EU (“Brexit”) and entered into a transition period during which the majority of the existing EU rules continued to apply in the UK. Following the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020, EU rules ceased to apply in the UK. Although the terms of the UK’s future relationship with the EU were agreed in a trade and cooperation agreement signed on December 30, 2020, this did not include an agreement on financial services. In the absence of a formal agreement, UK firms in the financial sector have more limited access to the EU market than prior to Brexit and EU firms similarly have more limited access to the UK market, owing to the loss of passporting rights under applicable EU and UK legislation. Alternative arrangements and structures may allow for the provision of cross-border marketing and services between the EU and UK, but these are subject to legal uncertainty and the risk that further legislative and regulatory restrictions could be imposed in the future. As a result of the onshoring of EU legislation in the UK, UK firms are currently subject to substantially many of the same rules and regulations as prior to Brexit. However, the UK government has begun to revise certain areas of onshored EU legislation as part of UK financial services legislation and regulation, which could result in substantive changes to regulatory requirements in the UK. It remains to be seen to what extent the UK may elect to diverge from the current EU-influenced regime over time. It is possible that the EU may respond to UK initiatives by restricting third country access to EU markets. If the regulatory regimes for EU and UK financial services change or diverge further, our products and investments and their ability to achieve their investment objectives may be negatively impacted, including as a result of increased costs and complexity and/or new restrictions in relation to cross-border access between the EU and non-EU jurisdictions. The ongoing legal, political and economic uncertainty and disruption generally resulting from Brexit may adversely affect both EU- and UK-based businesses. Continuing uncertainty and the prospect of further disruption may result in an economic slowdown and/or a deteriorating business environment in the UK and in one or more EU Member States. Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) The AIFMD regulates the activities of certain private fund managers undertaking fund management activities or marketing fund interests to investors in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the UK, respectively. To the extent our products are actively marketed to investors domiciled or having their registered office in the EEA or the UK: (i) those products and certain Blue Owl entities will be subject to certain reporting, disclosure and other compliance obligations under the AIFMD, which will result in those products incurring additional costs and expenses; (ii) those products and certain Blue Owl entities may become subject to additional regulatory or compliance obligations arising under national law in certain EEA jurisdictions or the UK, which would result in those products incurring additional costs and expenses or may otherwise affect the management and operation of those products; (iii) certain Blue Owl entities will be required to make detailed information relating to certain products and their investments available to regulators and third parties; and (iv) the AIFMD will also restrict certain activities of those products in relation to EEA or UK portfolio companies, including, in some circumstances, a product’s ability to recapitalize, refinance or potentially restructure a portfolio company within the first two years of ownership, which may in turn affect operations of said products generally. In addition, it is possible that some jurisdictions will elect to restrict or prohibit the marketing of non-EEA products to investors based in EEA jurisdictions, which may make it more difficult for certain products to raise their targeted amount of Commitments. In relation to certain products, we have engaged or plan to engage a third party to provide alternative investment fund manager (an “AIFM”) services to said products(s). This third party AIFM provides similar services to other sponsors and products. As a result, the successful operation of the relevant products will depend in part on the third party’s ability to provide these services. The loss or reduction of the services provided by the third party could adversely affect the ongoing operation of the relevant products. The third party is appointed as the AIFM for other products, and may need to devote substantial amounts of its time and attention to the activities of such other products, which may cause conflicts of interest to arise. In addition, certain changes in the regulatory status of the third party or circumstances relating to such other entities which have engaged the services of the third party may have an adverse effect on the relevant product. Although we will have the ability to replace the third party, the third party’s breach of the applicable agreements or the failure of the third party to make decisions, perform its services, discharge its obligations, deal with regulatory authorities or comply with laws, rules and regulations affecting the relevant product, in a proper manner, or to act in ways that are in the relevant product’s best interest could result in material adverse consequences for the relevant product. Should the third party fail to perform its obligations under any applicable agreements between it and the Blue Owl entity it is engaged by, a replacement AIFM may be required, and such replacement AIFM may be subject to approval by the relevant regulatory authority. We may not be able to replace the AIFM, or do so on a timely basis. 48 Table of Contents Alternatively, if we are able to find a replacement service provider to act as AIFM, the replacement service provider may demand terms that are unfavorable to the relevant product. AIFMD II AIFMD II will impose obligations including: (i) minimum substance considerations that EU regulators will need to take into account during the AIFM authorization process; (ii) enhanced requirements around delegation, including additional reporting requirements in relation to delegation arrangements; (iii) new requirements applying to AIFMs managing products that originate loans, irrespective of whether loan origination forms a core part of the relevant strategy for the product, or is merely incidental or occasional (including (to the extent applicable to the relevant product), in respect of (a) policies and procedures for lending, (b) limits on lending exposure to a financial institution, (c) prohibitions on lending to certain associated persons, (d) a ban on ‘originate-to-distribute’ strategies, (e) risk retention requirements and (f) mandatory disclosures and reporting); (iv) increased investor pre-contractual disclosure requirements, notably around fees and charges; (v) additional requirements in respect of liquidity management for products which constitute an “open-ended fund” (within the meaning of AIFMD); and (vi) a prohibition on non-EU AIFMs and AIFs established in jurisdictions identified as “high risk” countries under the European Anti-Money Laundering Directive (as amended) or the revised EU list of non-cooperative tax jurisdictions. The final text of AIFMD II was published in the Official Journal of the EU in March 2024, with AIFMD II due to be implemented by EU Member States from 2026. It is possible that AIFMD II may require additional costs, expenses and/or resources, as well as restricting or prohibiting certain activities, including in relation to products that originate loans and managers or products established in jurisdictions outside the EU identified as having anti-money laundering and/or tax failings. In some circumstances, certain Blue Owl entities may be considered non-EEA managers under AIFMD. Non-EEA managers are expected to be subject to reporting and disclosure requirements under AIFMD II as well as the prohibition in respect of “high risk” jurisdictions for anti-money laundering and tax purposes. The application of other AIFMD II requirements may depend on how far individual Member States elect to apply AIFMD II to non-EEA managers, and whether any Blue Owl entities market products into the EEA. This may affect certain Blue Owl products from implementing their strategy, and/or lead to increased legal and compliance costs, in one or more EEA Member States. Specifically, as certain Blue Owl entities may be considered non-EEA managers of certain products, whereas a third party may be the EEA AIFM of certain other products, it is possible that the implementation of AIFMD II could result in differing compliance requirements applying among different products in the same strategy. The extent to which certain Blue Owl entities and/or the third party AIFM will be subject to AIFMD II is uncertain and it is possible that the implementation of any future regulation may impact certain Blue Owl entities and/or the third party AIFM (and, as a result, the respective products they manage) in the same manner or, in the alternative, may place additional burdens on third party AIFM relative to certain Blue Owl entities or vice versa. Credit funds have been the subject of increasing regulatory focus at international and regional levels. To the extent that our products are engaged in lending activity, they may be subject to restrictions on their activities and be obliged to comply with regulatory reporting and disclosure requirements in accordance with AIFMD II and/or other future regulatory initiatives. This may impact the activities and/or returns of the relevant product, lead to additional costs and expenses, and/or require the commitment of additional resources. The International Organization of Securities Commissions (“IOSCO”) and the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) have called on regulators to consider issues arising from the rapid growth in private finance, including in relation to systemic risk, transparency, leverage, liquidity, and conflicts of interest. It is likely that regulators will continue to focus on the credit funds sector and may introduce further regulatory requirements in the future. Starting in 2026, AIFMD II will introduce rules in respect of products that originate loans, including in relation to (a) leverage limits, (b) liquidity requirements for products which constitute ‘open-ended loan-originating funds’ under the AIFMD, (c) limits on lending exposure to a single financial institution, (d) a prohibition on lending to certain entities and/or individuals that may give rise to conflicts of interest, (e) a ban on ‘originate-to-distribute’ strategies, (f) a risk retention requirement, (g) mandatory disclosures and reporting and (h) policies and procedures for loan origination. It remains uncertain whether or not the AIFMD II requirements in respect of products that originate loans will apply to certain Blue Owl entities which act as non-EEA AIFMs of certain Blue Owl products. The relevant product may or may not, therefore, be required to comply with the AIFMD II requirements for products that originate loans. If the relevant product is required to comply with the AIFMD II requirements, this could affect the relevant product’s investment portfolio, require the implementation of policies and procedures for loan origination, and lead to an increase in the resources and costs necessary for compliance. In addition, as certain Blue Owl entities may be considered non-EEA managers of certain products, whereas a third party may be the EEA AIFM of certain other products, it is possible that the implementation of AIFMD II could result in 49 Table of Contents varying application of the rules relating to funds originating loans as between different products in the same strategy and, therefore, a divergence between their respective portfolio investments and related policies and procedures. In particular, certain products may not be required to comply with the AIFMD II requirements which could result in different investment portfolios as between these products and other products being required to comply with AIFMD II. Heightened scrutiny of the financial services industry by regulators may materially and adversely affect our business. The financial services industry has been the subject of heightened scrutiny by regulators around the globe. In particular, the SEC and its staff have focused more narrowly on issues relevant to alternative asset management firms, including by forming specialized units devoted to examining such firms and, in certain cases, bringing enforcement actions against the firms, their principals and employees. In recent periods there have been a number of enforcement actions within the industry, and it is expected that the SEC will continue to pursue enforcement actions against asset managers. While the current administration and the current leadership of the SEC have indicated that they intend to not adopt certain proposals or modify or repeal certain regulations perceived as burdensome to private fund advisers, particularly those related to sustainability investing and cybersecurity, the evolving regulatory landscape has caused and could further cause us to reevaluate certain practices and adjust our compliance control function as necessary and appropriate. The SEC’s recent list of examination priorities for investment advisers includes such items as investment advisers’ adherence to fiduciary standards of conduct and effectiveness of advisers’ compliance programs, as well as specific priority areas for advisers to private funds, including disclosure of conflicts of interests and risks, adequacy of policies and procedures and advisory of alternative investment strategies or complex investment products. The SEC also highlighted its focus on investment advisers that are dually registered as broker-dealers and compliance with newly adopted SEC rules, including Regulations S-ID and S-P. Many firms have received inquiries during examinations or directly from the SEC’s Division of Enforcement regarding various transparency-related topics, including the acceleration of monitoring fees, the allocation of broken-deal expenses, outside business activities of firm principals and employees, group purchasing arrangements and general conflicts of interest disclosures. While we believe we have made appropriate and timely disclosures regarding the foregoing, the SEC staff may disagree. Further, the SEC continues to prioritize the oversight of registered investment companies and their compliance programs, as well as broker-dealer’s compliance with financial responsibility rule and trading-related practices. The SEC has previously highlighted board oversight and valuation practices for vehicles regulated or registered under the Investment Company Act as one of its areas of focus in investment adviser examinations and has instituted enforcement actions against advisers for misleading investors about valuation. If the SEC were to investigate and find errors in a Regulated Product’s board’s (or its designee’s) methodologies or procedures, we and/or members of any such product’s board and management could be subject to penalties and fines, which could harm our reputation and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our provision of asset management services to the insurance industry subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties. In July 2024, we acquired KAM and established Blue Owl Insurance Solutions (“Insurance Solutions”). This platform offers insurance-focused strategies across a wide range of asset classes and risk spectrums, including asset-backed finance, commercial real estate lending, private corporate credit and structured products. Insurance Solutions currently manages assets for a number of insurance and reinsurance companies and their affiliates pursuant to several investment management agreements and has developed, and may continue to develop, other capital-efficient products for insurance and reinsurance companies. The growth and performance of our Insurance Solutions platform will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain asset management arrangements and other investment partnerships with current and new insurance and/or reinsurance company clients. There is no assurance of whether or when we will be able to achieve the growth we expect, if at all. If we fail to deliver high-quality, high-performing products and strategies that help our insurance and reinsurance company clients meet long-term policyholder obligations, we may not be successful in retaining existing investment partnerships, developing new investment partnerships or originating or selling capital-efficient assets or products and such failure may have a material adverse effect on the growth of our Insurance Solutions platform, and on our overall business, results and financial condition. The U.S. and non-U.S. insurance and reinsurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. Regulatory authorities in many relevant jurisdictions have broad regulatory (including through certain regulatory support organizations), administrative, and in some cases discretionary, authority with respect to insurance and reinsurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance and reinsurance companies may 50 Table of Contents acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements and capital adequacy. These requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance and reinsurance companies, which may indirectly affect us as a result of our relationships with our insurance and reinsurance company clients. We may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement investigations or regulatory scrutiny. Regulators and other authorities generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance and/or reinsurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of licenses, cease-and-desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. To the extent we are involved in such regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Insurance and reinsurance regulatory authorities and regulatory support organizations in the U.S. and outside the U.S. have increased scrutiny of alternative asset managers’ involvement in the insurance and reinsurance industries, including with respect to the ownership by such managers or their affiliated funds of, and the management of assets on behalf of, insurance companies. For example, insurance regulators, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) — the U.S. standard-setting and regulatory support organization for the insurance industry — have increasingly focused on the terms and structure of investment management agreements, including whether they are at arms’ length, establish a control relationship with the insurance company, grant the asset manager excessive authority or oversight over the investment strategy of the insurance company or provide for management fees that are not fair and reasonable or termination provisions that make it difficult or costly for the insurer to terminate the agreement. Regulators have also increasingly focused on the risk profile of certain investments held by insurance and reinsurance companies (including, without limitation, all or certain tranches of collateralized loan obligations and other structured securities), appropriateness of investment ratings and potential conflicts of interest, including affiliated investments, and potential misalignment of incentives and any potential risks from these and other aspects of an insurance or reinsurance company’s relationship with alternative asset managers that may impact the insurance or reinsurance company’s risk profile. This enhanced scrutiny may increase the risk of regulatory actions against us and could result in new or amended regulations that limit our ability, or make it more burdensome or costly, to enter into new investment management agreements with insurance or reinsurance companies and thereby grow our insurance strategy. Some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance and reinsurance companies involve complex U.S. and non-U.S. tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Such structures may be subject to potential regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative change, scrutiny or differing interpretations and any adverse regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative changes, scrutiny or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance or reinsurance companies or us. Insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. Many of the insurance-focused strategies we originate or develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency or the NAIC’s Securities Valuation Office (“SVO”), as applicable, with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to invest or deploy capital on behalf of insurers. Furthermore, insurance and reinsurance companies are subject to certain minimum capital and surplus requirements that vary by the jurisdiction where the insurance or reinsurance company is domiciled and are generally subject to change over time. In the United States, our insurance company clients are subject to risk-based capital (“RBC”) standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed by state laws. The RBC standards are based upon the Risk-Based Capital for Insurers Model Act promulgated by the NAIC, as adopted by applicable clients’ insurance regulators. Our Bermuda reinsurance company clients are subject to Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirements standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed by the Bermuda Monetary Authority. New statutory accounting guidance or changes or clarifications in interpretations of existing guidance may adversely impact our ability to originate, or invest in, such assets on behalf of our insurance and reinsurance company clients or cause such clients to increase their required capital in respect of such assets, thus making such assets less attractive to insurers, which may adversely affect our business. Certain proposals or exposure drafts released by insurance regulatory authorities, including the NAIC or the SVO, may result in changes to the risk-based capital treatment and/or ratings or re-ratings processes of certain assets or investments that are, or may be, held by our insurance company clients. Regulations governing the operations of certain of our products affect their ability to raise, and the way in which the applicable products raise, additional capital. Our BDCs have elected to be regulated as business development companies under the Investment Company Act and OWLCX is registered as a closed-end management investment company under the Investment Company Act. Many of the regulations 51 Table of Contents governing these products restrict, among other things, the amount of leverage they can incur and co-investments and other transactions with other entities within Blue Owl. Certain of our products may be restricted from engaging in transactions with our Regulated Products and their subsidiaries. As entities regulated or registered under the Investment Company Act, our Regulated Products may issue debt securities or preferred stock and borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as “senior securities,” up to the maximum amount permitted by the Investment Company Act. Generally, our Regulated Products are not able to issue and sell their common stock or shares, as applicable, at a price below net asset value per share. However, in limited circumstances, our Regulated Products may issue and sell their common stock or shares, as applicable, at a price below net asset value per share if certain conditions are met, including, among other things, that stockholders or shareholders, as applicable, of the applicable Regulated Product approve such issuance or sale. In addition, as BDCs that are subject to regulations under the Investment Company Act, our BDCs are currently permitted to incur indebtedness or issue senior securities only in amounts such that their asset coverage ratio equals at least 150% after each such issuance, except in the instance of OBDC II, which is required to maintain an asset coverage ratio of at least 200%. OWLCX is currently permitted to incur indebtedness or issue senior securities only in amount such that its asset coverage ratio equals at least 300% after each such issuance (or 200% in the case of preferred stock). Our Regulated Products’ ability to pay dividends will be restricted if such Regulated Product’s asset coverage ratio falls below the required asset coverage ratio and any amounts that it uses to service its indebtedness are not available for dividends to its common stockholders. Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our Regulated Products, and as a result, on us. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, our Regulated Products have elected to be treated as RICs under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) and one or more products that we manage includes in its structure a REIT. To maintain their status as RICs or REITs, each such vehicle must meet, among other things, certain source of income, asset and annual distribution requirements. Qualification as a REIT also depends on a REIT’s ability to meet various tax requirements, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership, and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of their assets and the sources of their income. Each of our REITs and RICs (including our Regulated Products) is required to generally distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its investment company taxable income to maintain its RIC or REIT status, as applicable. If a REIT or a RIC fails to qualify as a REIT or RIC in any taxable year, it will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates, and applicable state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to its investors. If any of our Regulated Products or REITs fail to maintain RIC or REIT, as applicable, tax treatment for any reason and are subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, the resulting taxes could substantially reduce their net assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our Regulated Products and REITs, and as a result, on the management fees we may earn from our Regulated Products and REITs. We, our products and our products’ portfolio companies are subject to increasing scrutiny from certain investors, third party assessors, our stockholders, regulators and other stakeholders with respect to ESG-related topics. We, our products and our products’ portfolio companies face increasing scrutiny from certain investors, third party assessors that measure companies’ ESG performance, our stockholders, regulators and other stakeholders related to ESG-related topics, including in relation to diversity and inclusion, human rights, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency. For example, we, our products and our products’ portfolio companies risk damage to our brands and reputations if we or they do not act (or are perceived to not act) responsibly either with respect to responsible investing processes or ESG-related practices. Adverse incidents related to ESG practices could impact the value of our brand, the brand of our products or our products’ portfolio companies, or the cost of our or their operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, there can be no assurance that any of our ESG initiatives or commitments will meet the standards or expectations of investors or other stakeholders. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish our goals related to responsible investing or ESG practices, as statements regarding our ESG and responsible investing commitments and priorities reflect our current estimates, plans and/or aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them within the timelines we announce or at all. Additionally, we are permitted to determine that it is not feasible or practical to implement or complete certain aspects of our responsible investing program or ESG initiatives based on cost, timing or other considerations. In recent years, certain investors have placed increasing importance on policies and practices related to responsible investing and ESG for the products to which they commit capital and investors may decide not to commit capital to future fundraises based on their assessment of our approach to and consideration of ESG-related issues or risks. Similarly, a variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. If our responsible investing or ESG-related practices or ratings do not meet the standards set by such investors or organizations, or if we receive a negative rating or assessment from any such organization, or if we fail, or are perceived to fail, to demonstrate 52 Table of Contents progress toward our ESG priorities and initiatives, they may choose not to invest in our products or common stock, and we may face reputational damage. Similarly, it is expected that investor and/or stockholder demands will require us to spend additional resources on and place continued importance on business relevant ESG factors in our review of prospective investments and management of existing ones. Devoting additional resources to our responsible investing or ESG-related practices could increase the amount of expenses we or our investments are required to bear. For example, collecting, measuring, and reporting ESG information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming, is subject to evolving reporting standards, and can present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks. To the extent our access to capital from investors focused on ESG ratings or ESG-related matters is impaired, we may not be able to maintain or increase the size of our existing products or raise sufficient capital for new products, which may adversely affect our revenues. Further, interest on the part of investors and regulators in ESG-related topics and themes and increased demand for, and scrutiny of, ESG-related disclosure by asset managers, has also increased the risk that asset managers could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding the ESG-related investment strategies of their and their funds’ responsible investing or ESG-related efforts or initiatives, or “greenwashing.” This risk may also materialize where ESG-related statements and/or disclosures made by a product’s portfolio companies are materially inconsistent with our ESG-related statements or disclosures, including those made on a voluntary basis or pursuant to any applicable regulation, such as Regulation EU 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (the “SFDR”). Such perception or accusation could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory actions and adversely impact our ability to raise capital. At the same time, various stakeholders may have differing approaches to responsible investing activities or divergent views on the consideration of ESG topics, including in the countries in which Blue Owl operates and invests, as well as in the states and localities where Blue Owl serves public sector clients. These differing views increase the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to our consideration of responsible investing or ESG-related practices will be perceived negatively. Several states, the executive branch, federal agencies and Congress have enacted, proposed or indicated an intent to pursue “anti-ESG” policies, legislation, or initiatives, issued related legal opinions and engaged in related investigations and litigation. For example: (i) boycott bills target financial institutions that “boycott” or “discriminate against” companies in certain industries (e.g., energy and mining) and prohibit state entities from doing business with such institutions and/or investing the state’s assets (including pension plan assets) through such institutions; and (ii) ESG investment prohibitions require that state entities or managers/administrators of state investments make investments based solely on pecuniary factors without consideration of ESG factors. If investors subject to such legislation view our products’ responsible investing or ESG practices as being in contradiction of such “anti-ESG” policies, legislation or legal opinions, such investors may not invest in our products, our ability to maintain the size of our products could be impaired, and/or it could negatively affect the results of our operations, cash flow, or price of our common stock. Further, asset managers have been subject to scrutiny related to ESG-focused industry working groups, initiatives and associations, including organizations advancing action to address climate change or climate-related risk. In addition, state attorneys general, among others, have asserted that the Supreme Court’s decision striking down race-based affirmative action in higher education in June 2023 should be analogized to private employment matters and private contract matters. Cases alleging discrimination based on similar arguments have been filed since that decision, with scrutiny of certain corporate diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) practices increasing throughout 2025. Additionally, in January 2025, the current Presidential administration signed a number of executive orders focused on DEI (the “Executive Orders”), which include a broad mandate to eliminate federal DEI programs and a caution to the private sector to end what may be viewed as illegal DEI discrimination and preferences. The Executive Orders have resulted in upcoming compliance investigations of private entities, including publicly traded companies, and changes to federal contracting regulations. If we do not successfully manage expectations across these varied stakeholder interests, it could erode stakeholder trust, impact our reputation, and/or constrain our investment and fundraising opportunities. Such scrutiny of both ESG and DEI related practices could expose us to additional compliance obligations, the risk of litigation, investigations or challenges by federal or state authorities, result in reputational harm and/or discourage certain investors from investing in our products. We are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators with respect to ESG-related issues and the regulatory disclosure landscape surrounding related topics continues to evolve. Responsible investing, ESG practices and ESG-related disclosures have been the subject of increased focus by certain regulators, and regulatory initiatives related to ESG-specific topics that are applicable to us, our products and our products’ portfolio companies could adversely affect our business. There has been a growing regulatory interest across jurisdictions in improving transparency regarding the definition, measurement and disclosure of ESG factors in order to allow investors to validate and better understand sustainability claims, including in the United States, the EU and the UK. For example, the SEC sometimes reviews compliance with ESG commitments in examinations, and it has taken enforcement actions against registered investment advisers for not establishing adequate or consistently implementing ESG policies and procedures to meet ESG commitments to investors. 53 Table of Contents In addition, in October 2023, California enacted legislation that will ultimately require certain companies that (i) do business in California to publicly disclose their Scopes 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions, with third party assurance of such data (Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act, or “SB 253”), and issue public reports on their climate-related financial risk and related mitigation measures (Climate-related Financial Risk Act, or “SB 261”) and (ii) operate in California and make certain climate-related claims to provide enhanced disclosures around the achievement of climate-related claims, including the use of voluntary carbon credits to achieve such claims. Pending litigation against SB 253 and SB 261 creates ongoing uncertainty around the enforceability of these requirements and the timeline and cost of compliance, and certain requirements are currently enjoined. From a European perspective, the EU has in place regulations aimed at increasing transparency for investors of sustainability-related policies, processes, performance and commitments which apply to certain of our products, including, without limitation: (a) the SFDR, for which most rules took effect beginning on March 10, 2021 and (b) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending the SFDR. In November 2025, the European Commission published a draft legislative proposal to revise SFDR to introduce, among others, new categories for sustainability-related financial products with related criteria that are required to be met for each category. Relatedly, the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) has identified promoting transparency through effective sustainability disclosures and addressing greenwashing as one of its key priorities per ESMA’s sustainable finance roadmap and strategy. ESMA has also introduced guidelines on funds with ESG, impact, transition or sustainability-related terms in their names. There are still some uncertainties regarding the operation of some of these requirements and how they might evolve, and an established market practice is still being developed in certain cases, which can lead to diverging implementation and/or operationalization, data gaps or methodological challenges which may affect our ability to collect relevant data. These regimes continue to evolve and there is still a lack of clarity and established practice around the approach to their supervision and enforcement, which may vary across national competent authorities. There is a risk that a development or reorientation in the regulatory requirements or market practice in this respect could be adverse to our investments if they are perceived to be less valuable as a consequence of, among other things, their carbon footprint or perceived “greenwashing.” Compliance with requirements of this nature may also increase risks relating to financial supervision and enforcement action. There is also a risk that market expectations in relation to SFDR categorization of financial products could adversely affect our ability to raise capital, especially from EEA investors. In November 2023, the Sustainability Labelling and Disclosure of Sustainability-Related Financial Information Instrument 2023 introduced sustainability disclosure requirements, voluntary investment product labels and an “anti-greenwashing” rule. The anti-greenwashing rule applies to all UK-authorized firms in relation to sustainability-related claims made in their communications, and/or communications of financial promotions with, clients in the UK. The balance of the new regime is currently directed at UK investment funds and UK-regulated asset management firms as well as distributors of such funds. In Asia, examples of ESG-related regulations include those by regulators in Singapore and Hong Kong have released guidelines for asset managers to integrate climate risk considerations in investment and risk management processes, together with enhanced disclosure and reporting and have also issued enhanced rules for certain ESG funds on general ESG risk management and disclosure. As a result of these and other legislative and regulatory initiatives, and as our business grows through acquisition activity or changes to our structure, we may be required to provide additional disclosure to investors in our products with respect to ESG matters. This exposes us to increased disclosure risks, for example due to a lack of available or credible data, and the potential for conflicting disclosures may also expose us to an increased risk of misstatement litigation or miss-selling allegations. Failure to manage these risks could result in a material adverse effect on our business in a number of ways. Compliance with frameworks of this nature may create an additional compliance burden and increased legal, compliance, governance, reporting and other costs to funds and/or fund managers because of the need to collect certain information to meet the disclosure requirements. In addition, where there are uncertainties regarding the operation of the framework, a lack of official, conflicting or inconsistent regulatory guidance, a lack of established market practice and/or data gaps or methodological challenges affecting the ability to collect relevant data, funds and/or fund managers may be required to engage third party advisers and/or service providers to fulfil the requirements, thereby exacerbating any increase in compliance burden and costs. To the extent that any applicable jurisdictions enact similar laws and/or frameworks, there is a risk that our products may not be able to maintain alignment of a particular investment with such frameworks, and/or may be subject to additional compliance burdens and costs, which might adversely affect the investment returns of our products. 54 Table of Contents Climate change and climate-related effects may expose us to systemic, global and macroeconomic risks and could adversely affect our business and the businesses of our products’ portfolio companies. Global climate change is widely considered to be a significant threat to the global economy. We, our products and our products’ portfolio companies may face risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as an increased frequency or severity of extreme weather events and rising sea levels and temperatures. For some of our products and our products’ portfolio companies, climate change may also impact their profitability and costs, as well as pose systemic risks for their businesses. For example, to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use by us, our products or our products’ portfolio companies could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of us, our products or our products’ portfolio companies. On the other hand, a decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our products’ portfolio companies’ financial condition through decreased revenues. Additionally, extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, including costs of insurance (particularly for real estate in certain regions), and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. While the United States has withdrawn from the Paris Agreement, various other regulatory and voluntary initiatives launched by international, federal, state, and regional policymakers and regulatory authorities as well as private actors seeking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions may expose our business operations, products and products’ portfolio companies to other types of transition risks, such as: (i) political and policy risks, including changing regulatory incentives, and legal requirements (including with respect to greenhouse gas emissions) that could result in increased costs or changes in business operations; (ii) regulatory and litigation risks, including changing legal requirements that could result in increased permitting, tax and compliance costs, enhanced disclosure obligations, changes in business operations, or the discontinuance of certain operations, and litigation seeking monetary or injunctive relief related to impacts related to climate change; (iii) technology and market risks, including declining market for investments in industries seen as greenhouse gas intensive or less effective than alternatives in reducing greenhouse gas emissions; (iv) business trend risks, including requirements for certain portfolio companies related to capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations, and the increased attention to ESG considerations by our investors (including in connection with their determination of whether to invest); and (v) potential harm to our reputation if certain stakeholders, such as our investors or stockholders, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change and/or climate risk management, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our products’ existing portfolios, the new investments made by our products, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. Increased data protection regulation may result in increased complexities and risk in connection with the operation of our business and our products. Our business is highly dependent on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Cybersecurity has become a priority for regulators in the U.S. and around the world. In July 2023, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to disclose material cybersecurity incidents on Form 8-K and periodic disclosure of a registrant’s cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance in annual reports. The SEC has also particularly focused on cybersecurity, and we expect increased scrutiny of our policies and systems designed to manage our cybersecurity risks and our related disclosures as a result. In May 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to Regulation S-P that require covered institutions, such as registered investment advisers, to develop, implement, and maintain written policies and procedures for an incident response program that is reasonably designed to detect, respond to, and recover from unauthorized access to or use of customer information. The amendments also require that the response program include procedures for, with certain limited exceptions, covered institutions to provide notice to individuals whose sensitive customer information was or is reasonably likely to have been accessed or used without authorization. The amendments took effect on August 2, 2024, and had a compliance deadline of December 3, 2025 for large entities. We also have faced, and expect to continue to face, increased costs to comply with the new SEC rules, including increased costs for cybersecurity training and management. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data protection, privacy, cybersecurity and/or information security to which we may be subject (collectively, “Privacy Laws”). Compliance with applicable Privacy Laws may require adhering to stringent legal and operational requirements, which could increase compliance costs for us and require the dedication of additional time and resources to compliance. A failure to comply with applicable Privacy Laws could result in fines, sanctions, enforcement actions or other penalties or reputational damage. In addition, the SEC has indicated in recent periods that one of its examination priorities for the Division of Examinations is to continue to examine cybersecurity procedures and controls, including testing the implementation of these procedures and controls. 55 Table of Contents There may be substantial financial penalties or fines for a failure to comply with applicable Privacy Laws (which may include insufficient security for our personal or other sensitive information). For example, failure to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and the GDPR as it forms part of the laws of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland (the “UK GDPR”) could (in the worst case) attract regulatory penalties up to the greater of (i) 20 million Euros in respect of the GDPR / £17.5 million in respect of the UK GDPR (as applicable), and (ii) 4% of group annual worldwide turnover, as well as the possibility of other enforcement actions (such as suspension of processing activities and audits), and liabilities from third-party claims. Our operations will be impacted by a growing movement to adopt comprehensive privacy and data protection laws similar to the GDPR, including in the U.S., where such laws focus on privacy as an individual right in general. For example, the State of California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which took effect on January 1, 2020, was amended on December 16, 2020, and fully adopted in March 2023 (as amended, the “CCPA”). Further, California passed the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”) to amend and extend the protections of the CCPA. Other jurisdictions, including other states in the United States, have either passed, proposed, adopted or are considering similar laws and regulations to the CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and UK GDPR which impose similarly significant costs, potential liabilities and operational and legal obligations. Further, the fund’s portfolio companies and/or each of their affiliates are subject to regulations related to privacy, data protection and information security in the jurisdictions in which they do business. Such laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, thus increasing costs, operational and legal burdens and the potential for significant liability on regulated entities. Non-compliance with any applicable Privacy Laws represents a serious risk to our business. Many jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal information. For example, the SEC’s most recent amendments to Regulation S-P require notification of affected customers no later than 30 days after becoming aware of a security incident that compromises their sensitive customer information. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our, our employees’ or our product investors’ or counterparties’ confidential or other information processed and stored in, or transmitted through, our computer systems and networks (or those of our third party vendors), or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees’, our product investors’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to our product investors and other counterparties, fines or penalties, litigation, regulatory intervention or reputational damage, which could also lead to loss of product investors or clients. Our use of AI technologies could lead to the exposure of our data or other adverse effects and increase competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks in ways that we cannot predict. Recent technological advances in AI technologies, as well as the rapid growth and widespread use thereof, present risks to our business, products, portfolio companies and investments. AI technologies may result in significant and disruptive changes in companies, sectors or industries, including those in which we invest, and the continued development and adoption of AI technologies could increase the risk of defaults and material declines in business performance across various industries and at specific companies within an industry, even while other companies in such industry benefit from the development and adoption of AI technologies. Any such changes could also render our underwriting models obsolete or create new and unpredictable operational, legal and/or regulatory risks. To the extent our competitors or the competitors of our portfolio companies or investments make more efficient or extensive use of AI technologies, there is a possibility that such competitors will gain a competitive advantage. Many jurisdictions have passed or are considering laws and regulations concerning AI technologies, which could adversely affect our business, products, portfolio companies and investments. Additionally, we, our products and investments could be further exposed to the risks of AI technologies if third-party service providers or any counterparties, whether or not known to us, use AI technologies in their business activities. We will not be able to control the use of AI technologies in third-party products or services, including those provided by our and our affiliates’ service providers. Additionally, we and our personnel expect to use AI technologies in connection with our business activities, including to support our due diligence and investment activities. AI technologies are generally highly reliant on the collection and analysis of large amounts of data, and it is not possible or practicable to review all data upon which AI technologies are trained, or which are otherwise utilized. AI technologies are also highly reliant on the accuracy, adequacy, completeness and objectivity of their underlying data, and any inaccuracies, deficiencies, errors or biases in this data could lead to errors affecting our decision-making and investment processes which could have adverse impacts on us, our products, our portfolio companies and our investments. Furthermore, AI technologies may produce outputs that are inaccurate, incomplete or biased. To the extent we rely on such outputs, errors or limitations in AI technologies could adversely affect our business, investment decisions, or results of operations. We may also communicate externally regarding AI technology-related initiatives, including our development and 56 Table of Contents use of AI technologies, which subjects us to the risk of being accused of making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding our ability to avail ourselves of the potential benefits of AI technologies. Further, the use of AI technologies could include the input of confidential information, including non-public information, either by us, our portfolio companies and investments (including their personnel) or third parties in contravention of non-disclosure agreements, our policies, contractual or other obligations or restrictions to which any of the foregoing or any of their affiliates or representatives are subject to, or otherwise in violation of applicable laws or regulations relating to treatment of confidential and/or personally identifiable information (including material non-public information). By inputting data into AI technologies, such confidential information may become part of a dataset that is accessible by other third-party AI technologies and users. Further, some AI technologies scenarios may present ethical issues. For example, if we, our products or our products’ portfolio companies use, enable or offer AI technologies that is controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment or other social issues, we, our products or our portfolio companies may experience brand or reputational harm. While we may utilize AI technologies in connection with our business activities, including investment activities, we intend to periodically evaluate and/or adjust internal policies governing the use of AI technologies by our personnel. Notwithstanding any such policies, personnel, executive officers, industry specialists, and other persons associated with our business, products, products’ portfolio companies and investments or any affiliates could, unbeknownst to us, utilize AI technologies in contravention of such policies. AI technologies, including in the private investment and financial sectors, continue to develop rapidly, and it is impossible to predict the future risks that may arise from such developments. A number of jurisdictions have passed laws and implemented regulations, or are considering the same, related to the use and development of AI technologies, which could adversely affect us, our business activities and our investments and their businesses. In addition, intellectual property ownership issues, licensing and privacy rights surrounding AI technologies are evolving and have not been fully addressed by U.S. federal or state courts or foreign jurisdictions, which may expose us, our portfolio companies and our investments to claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation or privacy rights violations, or result in inquiries by government bodies or agencies. We are subject to litigation and public perception risks, and consequently, we may face liabilities and damage to our professional reputation. Legal liability and negative publicity relating to our business or the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause reputational harm to us. We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain product investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our products. As a result, allegations by private actors, regulators or employees of improper conduct by us, even if unfounded, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities, our products, our personnel or Partner Managers or the investment industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be damaging to our business and business prospects. In recent periods, there has been increased negative publicity with respect to the private credit industry, which could in the future harm our reputation and adversely affect our client relationships and fundraising efforts. In addition, the laws and regulations governing the limited liability of such issuers and investments vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and in certain contexts the laws of certain jurisdictions may provide not only for carve-outs from limited liability protection for the issuer or portfolio company that has incurred the liabilities, but also for recourse to assets of other entities under common control with, or that are part of the same economic group as, such issuer. For example, if any of our products’ investments is subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction and is found to have liabilities under the local consumer protection, labor, tax or bankruptcy laws, the laws of that jurisdiction may permit authorities or creditors to file a lien on, or to otherwise have recourse to, assets held by other investments (including assets held by our products) in that jurisdiction. There can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected as a result of the foregoing risks. We may not be able to maintain sufficient insurance to cover us for potential litigation or other risks. We may not be able to maintain sufficient insurance on commercially reasonable terms or with adequate coverage levels against potential liabilities we may face in connection with potential claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may face a risk of loss from a variety of claims, including related to securities, antitrust, contracts, cybersecurity, fraud and various other potential claims, whether or not such claims are valid. Insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all, and if a claim is successful and exceeds or is not covered by our insurance policies, we may be required to pay a substantial amount in respect of such successful claim. Certain losses of a catastrophic nature, such as losses arising as a result of wars, systemic risk associated with cyber-kinetic warfare, earthquakes, typhoons, floods, tsunamis, fires, pandemics, health crises, terrorist attacks or other similar events, may be uninsurable or may only be 57 Table of Contents insurable at rates that are so high that maintaining coverage would cause an adverse impact on our business, our investment funds and their investments. In general, losses related to terrorism, cyber incidents and catastrophic nation-state hacks are becoming harder and more expensive to insure against. Some insurers are excluding terrorism coverage from their all-risk policies. In some cases, insurers are offering significantly limited coverage against terrorist acts for additional premiums, which can greatly increase the total cost of casualty insurance for a property. As a result, we, our products and their investments may not be insured against terrorism or certain other catastrophic losses. Failure to comply with “pay to play” regulations implemented by the SEC and certain states, and changes to the “pay to play” regulatory regimes, could adversely affect our business. Certain states and other regulatory authorities require investment managers to register as lobbyists. We, and certain of our employees, are registered as lobbyists in California and in New York. These registration requirements impose significant compliance obligations on registered lobbyists and their employers, which may include annual registration fees, periodic disclosure reports and internal record keeping, and may also prohibit the payment of contingent fees. Under applicable SEC rules, investment advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to track contributions by certain of the adviser’s employees and engagements of third parties that solicit government entities and to keep certain records to enable the SEC to determine compliance with the rule. In addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers. FINRA has its own set of “pay to play” regulations that are similar to the SEC’s regulations. As we have public pension plans that are investors in our products, these rules could impose significant economic sanctions on our business if we or one of the other persons covered by the rules make any prohibited contribution or payment, whether or not material or with an intent to secure an investment from a public pension plan. We may also acquire other investment managers or hire additional personnel who are not subject to the same restrictions as us, but whose activity, and the activity of their employees, prior to our ownership or employment of such person, could affect our product raising. Any failure on our part to comply with these rules could cause us to lose compensation for our advisory services or expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. Failure to comply with anti-corruption laws or with regulations regarding the prevention of money laundering or terrorism or national security could adversely affect our business. We are committed to complying with all applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. As a result, we may forgo investment opportunities because of our unwillingness to participate in transactions that may expose us to risks under applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. Law enforcement agencies in the EU, the UK, the United States and elsewhere devote significant resources to enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, including with respect to investments made by private equity investors. Any failure to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations could have serious legal, financial and reputational consequences, including operational disruptions and significant financial penalties. As part of our responsibility for the prevention of money laundering under applicable laws, we may require detailed verification of a prospective investor’s identity and the source of such prospective investor’s funds. In the event of delay or failure by a prospective investor to produce any such information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to admit the investor to our products. We may from time to time request (outside of the subscription process), and our products’ investors will be obligated to provide to us as appropriate upon such request, additional information as may be required for us to satisfy our obligations under these and other laws that may be adopted in the future. Additionally, we may from time to time be obligated to file reports with regulatory authorities in various jurisdictions with regard to, among other things, the identity of our products’ investors and suspicious activities involving the interests of our products. In the event it is determined that any investor, or any direct or indirect owner of any investor, is a person identified in any of these laws as a prohibited person, or is otherwise engaged in activities of the type prohibited under these laws, we may be obligated, among other actions to be taken, to withhold distributions of any funds otherwise owing to such investor or to cause such investor’s interests to be cancelled or otherwise redeemed (without the payment of any consideration in respect of those interests). The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 require that financial institutions (a term that includes banks, broker-dealers and investment companies) establish and maintain compliance programs to guard against money laundering activities. These implementing regulations were amended to include registered investment advisers within scope of financial institutions that will be obliged to adopt stand-alone anti-money laundering programs, though the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network has postponed the effective date of the amendment to January 1, 2028 58 Table of Contents and announced its intention to revisit the scope and applicability of the amendment to certain asset managers at a future date. Laws or regulations may presently or in the future require us, our products or any of our affiliates or other service providers to establish additional anti-money laundering procedures, to collect information with respect to our products’ investors, to share information with governmental authorities with respect to our products’ investors or to implement additional restrictions on the transfer of the interests. These requirements can lead to increased expenses and exposure to enforcement actions. Economic sanction laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may prohibit us and our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. Economic sanction laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may restrict or prohibit us or our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, territories, individuals and entities. In the U.S., the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) administers and enforces laws, executive orders and regulations establishing U.S. economic and trade sanctions, which restrict or prohibit, among other things, direct and indirect transactions with, and the provision of services to, certain countries, territories, industry sectors, individuals and entities. These types of sanctions may significantly restrict or completely prohibit lending activities in certain jurisdictions, and violation of any such laws or regulations, may result in significant legal and monetary penalties, as well as reputational damage. OFAC sanctions programs change frequently, which may make it more difficult for us or our affiliates to ensure compliance. Moreover, OFAC enforcement is increasing, which may increase the risk that we become the subject of such actual or threatened enforcement. Sanctions laws and regulations enforced by other countries may conflict with U.S. law such that compliance with both becomes difficult or even impossible. Additionally, Section 2019 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (the “ITRA”) amended the Exchange Act to require companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by OFAC during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, the ITRA requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S. law. Companies that currently may be or may have been at the time considered our affiliates, may have from time to time publicly filed and/or provided to us such disclosures. We do not independently verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. We and our publicly traded products are required, either periodically or annually to separately file with the SEC a notice when such activities have been disclosed, and the SEC is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the President and certain U.S. Congressional committees. Disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and any failure to disclose any such activities as required could additionally result in fines or penalties. Certain of the products or accounts we advise or manage comply with an exception under the U.S. Department of Labor’s “plan assets” regulation at 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as amended by Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA,” and such regulation, the “Plan Assets Regulation”) in order to not be subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and our business could be adversely affected if such products or accounts fail to satisfy an exception under the Plan Assets Regulation. A number of investors in our products are subject to the fiduciary and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code; however, the substantial majority of our products rely on the “insignificant participation” exception under the Plan Assets Regulation. We are not, therefore subject to the requirements of ERISA (or the parallel provision of the Code) with respect to the management of those products. However, if those products fail to satisfy that exception for any reason and if no other exception is available, the products would be subject to ERISA, which could materially interfere with our activities in relation to those products or expose us to risks related to our failure to comply with the applicable requirements of ERISA or related contractual undertakings. For example, the governing documents of a fund generally impose certain obligations on the general partner or manager of the fund to cause the assets of the fund to not be treated as “plan assets” under the Plan Assets Regulation, and a breach of that obligation could create liability for us. In addition, if the assets of a fund that is not intended to hold plan assets become plan assets (whether because of our breach, a change in law or otherwise), the application of ERISA-related requirements to our product may prevent us from operating the fund as intended and may cause the fund to breach its obligations with Partner Managers or other investments, which would create significant liabilities for our products and could significantly impact the fund’s ability to make any further investments. Certain of our products and accounts that we manage or advise are subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code. Failure to comply with the requirements of ERISA and/or Section 4975 could subject us to consequences including the imposition of excise taxes, disgorgement of profits, and personal liability. 59 Table of Contents Some of our products and accounts are subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, and we act as a fiduciary under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code with respect to the plan assets invested in such products and accounts. In the management and operation of such products and accounts, we seek to comply with the applicable provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, and do not engage in any transactions which we know or should know are “prohibited transactions” under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code for which no exemption applies. We have adopted and comply with customary ERISA policies and procedures to avoid violating ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, including engaging in a non-exempt prohibited transaction. We satisfy the requirements to be a “qualified professional asset manager” within the meaning of the Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (the “QPAM Exemption”), and we intend to rely on the QPAM Exemption and other prohibited transaction exemption to avoid engaging in non-exempt prohibited transactions. However, if we were to cause a product or account subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code to violate ERISA or engage in a prohibited transaction, we could, among other consequences, be subject to an excise tax on prohibited transactions, be required to disgorge profits and/or make the affected plans whole, or be held personally liable for breach of fiduciary duties. Certain of our products and accounts that we manage or advise are subject to, or are required via our contract with an investor to operate as though subject to, state or local laws, rules and/or regulations which may be similar to the fiduciary and/or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Failure to comply with the requirements of these laws, rules and/or regulations could subject us to consequences, including excise taxes or claims for breach of contract. Some of our products and accounts are subject to, or are required under our contract with a governmental plan investor to operate as though subject to, state or local laws, rules and/or regulations which are similar to the fiduciary and/or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and in some cases, we have agreed to act as a fiduciary under state or local law with respect to the assets of certain governmental plans invested in such products and accounts. In the management and operation of such products and accounts, we seek to comply with our contractual undertakings relating to the applicable provisions of such state and local laws. However, such state and local laws are complex and subject to interpretation, and if we were to cause a product or account to engage in a violation or applicable law or a contractual undertaking, we could, among other consequences, be subject to excise taxes or liability relating to such violation or breach of contract. Changes in tax policies and regulations may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies. The current Presidential administration and the U.S. Congress may introduce new policies and regulations or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies, which could have an adverse impact on us. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, which, among other things, imposes a minimum “book” tax on certain large corporations and creates a new excise tax on net stock repurchases made by certain publicly traded corporations. While the application of this law is uncertain, including as a result of actions taken by the current Presidential administration, and we continue to evaluate its potential impact, these changes could materially change the amount and/or timing of tax Blue Owl may be required to pay. There may also be changes in tax laws or interpretations of tax laws (possibly with retrospective effect) in a jurisdiction in which we and/or our affiliates operate, are managed, are advised, are promoted or invest, or in which any of the investors in our products is resident, that are adverse to us or our affiliates. In particular, both the level and basis of taxation may change. For example, on July 4, 2025, the United States enacted “An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Title II of H. Con. Res. 14” (the “Act”), also known as the “One Big Beautiful Bill,” which includes significant amendments to the Code. The Act did not have a material impact on Blue Owl’s consolidated financial statements. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which we or our affiliates hold investments or in which investors in our products are resident, or the introduction of, or change to, EU directives may adversely affect the ability of our products to efficiently realize income or capital gains and to efficiently repatriate income and capital gains from the jurisdictions in which they arise to partners in the relevant products. Consequently, it is possible that we or our affiliates may face unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that may materially adversely affect the value of our investments or the feasibility of making investments in certain countries. This could significantly affect our returns. In particular, pursuant to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (the “OECD”) BEPS Project, many jurisdictions have introduced domestic legislation implementing certain of the BEPS Actions. Several of the areas of tax law (including double taxation treaties) on which the BEPS Project focuses are relevant to our ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains and to efficiently repatriate income and capital gains from the jurisdictions in which they arise to investors and, depending on the extent to and manner in which relevant jurisdictions have implemented (or implement, as the case may be) changes in those areas of tax law (including double taxation treaties), our ability to do those things may be adversely impacted. Many of the jurisdictions in which we or our affiliates invest or may invest have now ratified, accepted and approved the 60 Table of Contents OECD’s Multilateral Instrument which brings into force a number of relevant changes to double tax treaties within scope. While these changes continue to be introduced, there remains uncertainty as to whether and, if so, to what extent we or our affiliates may benefit from the protections afforded by such treaties and whether we or our affiliates may look to investors in order to derive tax treaty or other benefits. This position is likely to remain uncertain for a number of years. The Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2016/1164 (commonly referred to as “ATAD I”) directly implements some of the BEPS Project actions points within EU law. On May 29, 2017, the Council of the EU formally adopted the Council Directive amending Directive 2016/1164 as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries (commonly referred to as “ATAD II”). ATAD II came into force in Member States on January 1, 2020 (subject to relevant derogation). On December 22, 2021, the European Commission issued a proposal for a Council Directive laying down rules to prevent the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes within the EU (the “Unshell Proposal”). While the European Commission initially expected the Unshell Proposal to be adopted and published into EU member states’ national laws by June 30, 2023, and to come into effect as of January 1, 2024, there is considerable uncertainty surrounding the development of the proposal and its implementation. If adopted in its current form, the proposal could result in additional reporting and disclosure obligations for investment funds and/or their subsidiaries (which may require the sharing with applicable taxing or other governmental authorities’ information concerning investors) and/or additional tax being suffered by us or our affiliates. Further to the BEPS Project, and in particular BEPS Action 1 (“Addressing the Tax Challenges of the Digital Economy”), the OECD published a Report on May 31, 2019 entitled “Programme of Work to Develop a Consensus Solution to the Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalization of the Economy” (as updated on several occasions since and most recently on October 8, 2021 by the “Statement on a Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalization of the Economy”), which proposes fundamental changes to the international tax system. The proposals (commonly referred to as “BEPS 2.0”) are based on two ‘pillars’, involving the reallocation of taxing rights (“Amount A of Pillar One”), and a new global minimum corporate tax rate (“Pillar Two”). Under Amount A of Pillar One, multinational enterprises (“MNEs”) with total group revenues exceeding EUR 20 billion (or equivalent) in a given period and pre-tax profitability exceeding 10% calculated using an averaging mechanism will be subject to rules allocating 25% of profits in excess of a 10% profit margin to the jurisdictions within which they carry on business (subject to threshold rules). Certain entities are excluded, including certain investment funds and real estate investment vehicles (as respectively defined) which are the ultimate parent entity of the MNE group (and certain holding vehicles of such entities). There are also specific exclusions for MNEs carrying on specific low-risk activities, including “regulated financial services” (as defined). Pillar Two imposes a minimum effective tax rate of 15% on MNEs that have consolidated revenues of at least EUR 750 million in at least two out of the last four years (i.e. broadly those MNEs which are required to undertake country by country reporting). Pillar Two introduces two related tax measures (the “GloBE Rules”): the income inclusion rule (“IIR”) imposes a top up tax on a parent entity where a constituent member of the MNE group has low taxed income while the undertaxed payment rule (“UTPR”) applies as a backstop if the constituent member’s income is not taxed by an IIR. Specified classes of entities which are typically exempt from tax are outside the scope of the GloBE Rules, including investment funds and real estate investment vehicles (as respectively defined) which are the ultimate parent entity of the MNE group (and certain holding vehicles of such entities). Additionally, and part of Pillar Two but separate from the GloBE Rules, a subject to tax rule (“STTR”) will permit source jurisdictions to impose limited additional taxation on certain cross-border related party payments where the recipient is subject to a nominal corporate income tax rate (subject, in some circumstances, to certain adjustments) below 9%, which will be creditable against the GloBE Rules tax liability. The GloBE Rules must be implemented through domestic legislation, and on December 20, 2021 the OECD released Pillar Two model rules providing a template for this purpose. Many jurisdictions have enacted legislation, including most EU Member States pursuant to the EU minimum tax directive and the UK, with a view to the IIR and the UTPR taking effect for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Amount A of Pillar One will be implemented through a multilateral convention and the STTR will be implemented, where applicable, either through modifications to bilateral tax treaties or alternatively through a multilateral instrument. The timeline for implementation of both Amount A of Pillar One and the STTR remains uncertain. The United States has not adopted Pillar Two. In January 2026, the OECD’s Inclusive Framework on BEPS issued a guidance package in respect of the GloBE rules, including a safe-harbor—which must be adopted into the domestic law of the relevant non-U.S. jurisdictions—exempting U.S.-parented MNEs from the IRR and the UTPR. However, Pillar Two remains in effect in other countries, and there is significant uncertainty regarding the implementation of the OECD’s Inclusive Framework, the interpretation and consistent application of existing Pillar Two rules, their interaction with national tax laws, and their consistency with current tax treaty obligations. Subject to the development and implementation of both Amount A of Pillar One and Pillar Two (including the implementation of the EU minimum tax directive by EU Member States) and the details of any domestic legislation, double taxation treaty amendments and multilateral agreements which are necessary to implement them, effective tax rates could increase for Blue Owl and/or its subsidiaries or 61 Table of Contents within the structure of our products or on their investments, including by way of higher levels of tax being imposed than is currently the case, possible denial of deductions or increased withholding taxes and/or profits being allocated differently and/or penalties could be due. This could adversely affect our returns. The implementation of BEPS 2.0 in relevant jurisdictions is complex and likely to remain uncertain for a number of years. Risks Related to Our Structure and Governance Blue Owl has elected to be treated as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and, as a result, our stockholders may not have certain corporate governance protections that are available to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. So long as more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors of Blue Owl is held by an individual, a group or another company, Blue Owl will qualify as a “controlled company” under the NYSE listing requirements. The Principals control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, Blue Owl qualifies as and has elected to be treated as a “controlled company” under the NYSE listing standards and will not be subject to the requirements that would otherwise require us to have: (i) a majority of “independent directors,” as defined under the listing standards of the NYSE; (ii) a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors; and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board’s selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors. The Principals may have their interest in Blue Owl diluted due to future equity issuances or their own actions in selling Class A Shares, in each case, which could result in a loss of the “controlled company” exemption under the NYSE listing rules. Blue Owl would then be required to comply with those provisions of the NYSE listing requirements. The multi-class structure of Blue Owl common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with the Principals, which limits an investor’s ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. Entities controlled by the Principals hold all of the issued and outstanding Class D Shares (and will hold all of the Class B Shares to the extent any are issued and outstanding in the future). Accordingly, until such time as the Principals own less than 25% of their aggregate ownership, the Principals will hold 80% of the voting power of Blue Owl’s capital stock on a fully-diluted basis and will be able to control matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions. The Principals may have interests that differ from our stockholders and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of Blue Owl, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of Blue Owl, and might ultimately affect the market price of Class A Shares. Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the holders of Class B and Class D Shares and the holders of our Class A and Class C Shares. The Principals hold all of the Class D Shares (and will hold all of the Class B Shares to the extent any are issued and outstanding in the future). As a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the Principals, on the one hand, and us and holders of our Class A and Class C Shares, on the other hand. The Principals have the ability to influence our business and affairs through their ownership of the high vote shares of our common stock, their general ability to appoint our Board, and provisions under the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated as of April 1, 2025, between Blue Owl, certain former equity holders of Owl Rock and certain former equity holders of Dyal Capital (as amended from time to time, the “Investor Rights Agreement”) and our certificate of incorporation requiring their approval for certain corporate actions (in addition to approval by our Board). If the holders of our Class A and Class C Shares are dissatisfied with the performance of our Board, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause. Further, through their ability to elect our Board, the Principals have the ability to indirectly influence the determination of the amount and timing of our investments and dispositions, cash expenditures, allocation of expenses, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests, tax liabilities and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to holders of Common Units (as defined in Note 1 to our Financial Statements) and our Class A Shares. 62 Table of Contents In addition, conflicts may arise relating to the selection, structuring and disposition of investments and other transactions, declaring dividends and other distributions and other matters due to the fact that the Principals hold their Blue Owl Operating Group Units directly or through pass-through entities that are not subject to corporate income taxation. Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. Our certificate of incorporation and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (“DGCL”), contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by the Board and therefore depress the trading price of Blue Owl’s Class A Shares. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of the Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions regarding: • a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of the Board; • the ability of the Board to issue shares of preferred stock, including “blank check” preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; • the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; • the right of the Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the Board; • the requirement that directors may only be removed from the Board for cause; • the inability of stockholders to act by written consent; • the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Board, the chairman of the Board or Blue Owl’s chief executive officer, which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; • controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of the Board and stockholder meetings; • the ability of the Board to amend the bylaws, which may allow the Board to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and • advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to the Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the composition of the Board and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Board or management. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, Blue Owl Capital Inc. is generally subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL, although we have elected not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. In addition, the provisions of the Investor Rights Agreement provide the stockholders party thereto with certain Board representation and other consent rights that could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 63 Table of Contents Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of Blue Owl to Blue Owl or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting such alleged breach; (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders (i) arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation (as it may be amended or restated) or our bylaws or (ii) as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Delaware Court of Chancery; or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, as to any action in the foregoing clauses (a) through (b), to the fullest extent permitted by law, be solely and exclusively brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to any claim (1) as to which the Delaware Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination); (2) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Delaware Court of Chancery; or (3) arising under federal securities laws, including the Securities Act as to which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Article XIII of our certificate of incorporation does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our or its directors, officers, stockholders, agents or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of management and our Board. Blue Owl Capital Inc. is a holding company and its only material source of cash is its indirect interest (held through Blue Owl GP) in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships, and it is accordingly dependent upon distributions made by its subsidiaries to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and pay dividends. Blue Owl Capital Inc. is a holding company with no material assets other than its indirect ownership of the GP Units (as defined in Note 1 to our Financial Statements) through Blue Owl GP and certain deferred tax assets. As a result, Blue Owl Capital Inc. has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s ability to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and pay dividends will depend on the financial results and cash flows of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and the distributions it receives (directly or indirectly) from the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships for any reason could limit or impair the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP needs funds and the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any financing arrangements, or the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s liquidity and financial condition. Subject to the discussion herein, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships expect to continue to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income will be allocated to holders of interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Accordingly, Blue Owl GP will be required to pay income taxes on its allocable share of any taxable income of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Under the terms of the Blue Owl Limited Partnership Agreements, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are obligated to make tax distributions to holders of interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships calculated at certain assumed tax rates. In addition to tax expenses, Blue Owl will also incur expenses related to its operations, including Blue Owl GP’s payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which could be significant, and some of which will be reimbursed by the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships (excluding payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement). Blue Owl intends to cause Blue Owl GP to cause the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships to make ordinary distributions and tax distributions to holders of the interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships on a pro rata basis in amounts sufficient to cover all applicable taxes, relevant operating expenses, payments by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement and dividends, if any, 64 Table of Contents declared by Blue Owl. However, as discussed above, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, retention of amounts necessary to satisfy the obligations of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and restrictions on distributions that would violate any applicable restrictions contained in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships insolvent. To the extent that Blue Owl GP is unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which could be substantial. Additionally, although the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax, they may be liable under current U.S. federal tax laws governing audits of partnerships for adjustments to prior year tax returns, absent an election to the contrary. In the event the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ calculations of taxable income are incorrect, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and/or their partners, including Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP, in later years may be subject to material liabilities under these rules. If either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax or state tax purposes, then the amount available for distribution by such Blue Owl Operating Partnerships could be substantially reduced and the value of Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s shares could be adversely affected. An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes (such as either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships) may nonetheless be treated as, and taxable as, a corporation if it is a “publicly traded partnership” unless an exception to such treatment applies. An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be treated as a “publicly traded partnership” if interests in such entity are traded on an established securities market or interests in such entity are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. If either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships were determined to be treated as a “publicly traded partnership” (and taxable as a corporation) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Blue Owl Operating Partnership would be taxable on its income at the U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to corporations and distributions by such Blue Owl Operating Partnership to its partners (including Blue Owl GP) could be taxable as dividends to such partners to the extent of the earnings and profits of such Blue Owl Operating Partnership. In addition, we would no longer have the benefit of increases in the tax basis of the Blue Owl Operating Partnership’s assets as a result of exchanges of Common Units. Pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2025, by and among Blue Owl, Blue Owl Holdings, Blue Owl Capital GP LLC and the Blue Owl Limited Partners (as defined therein) from time to time party thereto (as amended from time to time, the “Exchange Agreement”), certain Blue Owl equity holders may, from time to time, subject to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, exchange their interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and have such interests redeemed by Blue Owl Operating Partnerships for cash or Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s stock. While such exchanges could be treated as trading in the interests of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships for purposes of testing “publicly traded partnership” status, the Exchange Agreement contains restrictions on redemptions and exchanges of interests in the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships that are intended to prevent either of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships from being treated as a “publicly traded partnership” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such restrictions are designed to comply with certain safe harbors provided for under applicable U.S. federal income tax law. Blue Owl GP may also impose additional restrictions on exchanges that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP determines to be necessary or advisable so that neither of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships is treated as a “publicly traded partnership” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, while such position is not free from doubt, each of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships is expected to be operated such that it is not treated as a “publicly traded partnership” taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and we intend to take the position that neither of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships is so treated as a result of exchanges of its interests pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, Blue Owl GP will be required to make payments to certain equity holders for certain tax benefits Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP may claim and those payments may be substantial. Certain equity holders have exchanged, and may in the future exchange, their Common Units, together with the cancellation of an equal number of Class C Shares or Class D Shares, for Class A Shares or Class B Shares, respectively, or cash pursuant to the Blue Owl Operating Partnership Agreements and the Exchange Agreement, subject to certain conditions and transfer restrictions as set forth therein and in the Investor Rights Agreement. Such transactions have resulted in, or are in the future expected to result in, increases in Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s (and Blue Owl GP’s) allocable share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. These increases in tax basis may increase for income tax purposes depreciation and amortization deductions, and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP would otherwise be required to pay had such sales and exchanges never occurred. 65 Table of Contents In connection with the Business Combination, Blue Owl GP entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement, which generally provides for the payment by it of 85% of certain tax benefits, if any, that Blue Owl GP realizes (or in certain cases is deemed to realize) as a result of these increases in tax basis and certain other tax attributes of Blue Owl GP, the corporations acquired from certain former Owl Rock equity holders in the transaction, and tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement. Those payments are the obligation of Blue Owl GP and not of Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. The actual increase in Blue Owl GP’s allocable share of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships’ tax basis in their assets, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the market price of the Class A Shares at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of the recognition of Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s (and Blue Owl GP’s) income. While many of the factors that will determine the amount of payments that Blue Owl GP will make under the Tax Receivable Agreement are outside of its control, Blue Owl GP expects that the payments it will make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on Blue Owl’s financial condition. Any payments made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP. To the extent that Blue Owl GP is unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; however, nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, as further described below. Furthermore, Blue Owl GP’s obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make Blue Owl a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be realized or deemed realized under the Tax Receivable Agreement. In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may exceed the actual tax benefits Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP realizes or be accelerated. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP determines, and the Internal Revenue Service or another taxing authority may challenge all or any part of the tax basis increases, as well as other tax positions that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP takes, and a court may sustain such a challenge. In the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP are disallowed, recipients of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not be required to reimburse Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP for any excess payments that may previously have been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, for example, due to adjustments resulting from examinations by taxing authorities. Rather, excess payments made to such holders will be netted against any future cash payments otherwise required to be made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement, if any, after the determination of such excess. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that Blue Owl GP might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments against which to net. As a result, in certain circumstances Blue Owl GP could make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s or Blue Owl GP’s actual tax savings, which could materially impair Blue Owl’s financial condition. Moreover, the Tax Receivable Agreement provides that, in certain events, including a change of control, breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement, or Blue Owl GP’s exercise of early termination rights, Blue Owl GP’s obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will accelerate and Blue Owl GP will be required to make a lump-sum cash payment under the Tax Receivable Agreement equal to the present value of all forecasted future payments that would have otherwise been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which lump-sum payment would be based on certain assumptions, including those relating to Blue Owl GP’s future taxable income. The lump-sum payment could be substantial and could exceed the actual tax benefits that Blue Owl Capital Inc. or Blue Owl GP realizes subsequent to such payment because such payment would be calculated assuming, among other things, that Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP would have certain tax benefits available to it and that Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP would be able to use the potential tax benefits in future years. There may be a material negative effect on Blue Owl Capital Inc.’s liquidity if the payments required to be made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual tax savings that Blue Owl Capital Inc. (or Blue Owl GP) realizes. Furthermore, Blue Owl GP’s obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. 66 Table of Contents Adverse developments in U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Our effective tax rate and the amount of “tax distributions” that the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are required to make to equity holders could also change materially as a result of various evolving factors, including changes in income tax law or changes in the scope of our operations. Blue Owl Capital Inc. and Blue Owl GP are subject to U.S. federal income taxation, and Blue Owl Capital Inc., Blue Owl GP, and the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships and their subsidiaries are subject to income taxation by certain states and municipalities and certain foreign jurisdictions in which such subsidiaries operate. In addition, the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships are required to make tax distributions to their partners pursuant to the Blue Owl Limited Partnership Agreements. In determining our tax liability and obligation to make tax distributions, we must monitor changes to the applicable tax laws and related regulations. While our existing operations have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing laws, one or more taxing U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions could seek to impose incremental, retroactive, or new taxes on us. Such changes may increase tax uncertainty and/or our effective tax rate, result in higher compliance cost and result in a corresponding increase in the amount of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or a corresponding increase in the tax distributions that the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships will be required to make. In addition, there may be changes in law related to the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project of the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (“OECD”), the European Commission’s state aid investigations and other initiatives. Such changes may include (but are not limited to) the taxation of operating income, investment income, dividends received or (in the specific context of withholding tax) dividends paid, or the taxation of partnerships and other pass-through entities. Any adverse developments in these and other U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including legislative changes, judicial holdings or administrative interpretations, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, changes in the scope of our operations, including expansion to new geographies, could increase the amount of taxes to which we are subject, and could increase our effective tax rate, which could similarly adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Blue Owl Operating Partnerships may directly or indirectly make distributions of cash to us substantially in excess of the amounts we use to make distributions to our stockholders and pay our expenses (including our taxes and payments by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement). To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends to our stockholders, the direct or indirect holders of Common Units would benefit from any value attributable to such cash as a result of their ownership of our stock upon an exchange of their Common Units. Blue Owl GP receives a pro rata portion of any distributions made by the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships. Any cash received from such distributions is first be used to satisfy any tax liability and then used to make any payments required to be made by Blue Owl GP under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Subject to having available cash and subject to limitations imposed by applicable law and contractual restrictions, the Blue Owl Limited Partnership Agreements require the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships to make certain distributions to holders of Common Units and to Blue Owl GP pro rata to facilitate the payment of taxes with respect to the income of the Blue Owl Operating Partnerships that is allocated to them. To the extent that the tax distributions we directly or indirectly receive exceed the amounts we actually require to pay taxes, Tax Receivable Agreement payments and other expenses (which is likely to be the case given that the assumed tax rate for such distributions will generally exceed our effective tax rate), we will not be required to distribute such excess cash. Our Board may, in its sole discretion, choose to use such excess cash for certain purposes, including to make distributions to the holders of our stock. Unless and until our Board chooses, in its sole discretion, to declare a distribution, we will have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. No adjustments to the exchange ratio of Common Units for shares of our common stock will be made as a result of either (i) any cash distribution by us or (ii) any cash that we retain and do not distribute to our stockholders. To the extent we do not distribute such cash as dividends and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or use such cash for certain other purposes, this may result in shares of our stock increasing in value relative to the Common Units. The holders of Common Units may benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances if they acquire shares of our stock in an exchange of Common Units. Risks Related to Our Class A Shares The market price and trading volume of our Class A Shares may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for holders of our Class A Shares. The market price of our Class A Shares is likely to be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors. In addition, the volume of trading in our Class A Shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our Class A Shares declines significantly, holders of our Class A Shares may be unable to resell 67 Table of Contents their shares at or above their purchase price, if at all. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the price of our Class A Shares or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of shares of our Class A Shares include: • the impact of market and political conditions; • the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions that we may pursue, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, Blue Owl’s inability to grow and manage growth profitably, and retain its key employees; • adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; • changes in market valuations of similar companies; • the financial performance of our products’ portfolio companies, whether or not material to Blue Owl; • speculation in the press or investment community; • adverse publicity about the investment management industry generally or individual scandals specifically; • a breach of our computer systems, software or networks, or misappropriation of our proprietary information; • a lack of liquidity in the trading of our Class A Shares; • changes in applicable laws or regulations; • risks relating to the uncertainty of Blue Owl’s projected financial information; and • risks related to the organic and inorganic growth of Blue Owl’s business and the timing of expected business milestones. In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively affect the market price of our Class A Shares, regardless of Blue Owl’s actual operating performance. Sales of Class A Shares resulting from exchanges of Common Units pledged by our directors and officers could cause the price of our Class A Shares to decrease. Under our Insider Trading Policy, our directors, officers and employees may seek approval to pledge our securities under loan arrangements that meet requirements established by our audit committee, including with respect to the pledge amount, the minimum loan to value ratio and the minimum unencumbered net asset value. Each of Messrs. Ostrover and Lipschultz has pledged 43,409,692 and 33,000,000 Common Units, respectively, as security for loans. Failure or delay by a borrower to promptly meet a margin call under his loan documents or other default under these financing arrangements could result in the foreclosure on some or all of the pledged Common Units by the applicable third-party lender. Although these arrangements provide for the borrowers to pledge alternative collateral in lieu of the pledged Common Units in the event of a margin call, upon any foreclosure on Common Units and subsequent sale of the corresponding Class A Shares the price of our Class A Shares could decline materially. A decline in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. Securities class action litigation has in the past been, and may in the future be, brought against us following a decline in the market price of our Class A shares. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could harm our business. Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our Class A Shares. Securities research analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for Blue Owl from time to time. Those projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our share price may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price could decline. In addition, securities research analysts may compare Blue Owl to companies that are not appropriately comparable, which could lead to lower than expected valuations. If one or more analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, our share price or trading volume could decline. 68 Table of Contents Future offerings of debt or offerings or issuances of equity securities by us may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Shares or otherwise dilute all other stockholders. In the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional Class A Shares or offering debt or other equity securities, including commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity or shares of preferred stock. We also expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors, and consultants under stock incentive plans. Future acquisitions could require substantial additional capital in excess of cash from operations. We would expect to obtain the capital required for acquisitions through a combination of additional issuances of equity, corporate indebtedness and/or cash from operations. Issuing additional Class A Shares or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Class A Shares or both. Upon liquidation, holders of debt securities and preferred shares, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our Class A Shares. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Class A Shares. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing and nature of our future offerings. 69 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Cybersecurity Processes and Risk Assessment Our cybersecurity processes are overseen by the Audit Committee of our Board. Our cybersecurity program is focused on (i) protecting confidential business, client, investor and employee information that we store or process; (ii) maintaining the security and availability of our systems and data; (iii) supporting compliance with applicable laws and regulations; (iv) documenting cybersecurity incidents and our responses; and (v) notification of cybersecurity incidents to, and communications with, appropriate internal and external parties. We have implemented an information security governance policy governing cybersecurity risk, which is designed to facilitate the protection of sensitive or confidential business, client, investor and employee information that we store or process and the maintenance of critical services and systems. Our cybersecurity program is managed by our Chief Technology Officer and Head of Technology Infrastructure (together, “IT Management”), who report to our Chief Operating Officer. IT Management and its team are responsible for implementing proactive and reactive measures, including our monitoring and alert response processes, vulnerability management, changes made to our critical systems, including software and network changes, and various other technological and administrative safeguards. Our cybersecurity processes and systems are designed to protect against unauthorized access of information through our systems and infrastructure, including by cyber-attacks. Our policy and processes include, as appropriate, encryption, data loss prevention technology, authentication technology, entitlement management, access control, anti-virus and anti-malware software, and transmission of data over private networks. Our processes and systems aim to prevent or mitigate two main types of cybersecurity risk: first, cybersecurity risks associated with our physical and digital devices and infrastructure, and second, cybersecurity risks associated with third parties, such as people and organizations who have access to our devices, infrastructure or confidential or sensitive information. The cybersecurity-control principles that form the basis of our cybersecurity program are informed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. Our cybersecurity program is periodically reviewed and assessed, including benchmarking to best practices and industry frameworks, which allows us to identify areas for continued focus and improvement. Annual penetration testing of our network, including critical systems and systems that store confidential or sensitive information, is conducted with third party consultants and vulnerabilities are reviewed and addressed by IT Management. When we engage vendors and other third-party partners who will have access to sensitive data or client systems and facilities, our infrastructure technology team assesses their cybersecurity programs and processes. We also provide our employees with cybersecurity awareness training at onboarding and annually. We conduct regular phishing tests and provide additional training as appropriate. Governance and Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks We have developed an incident response framework to identify, assess, manage and report cybersecurity events, which is managed and implemented by our Cyber Risk Operating Committee (the “C-ROC”), a cross-functional management committee that includes our General Counsel, Chief Operating Officer, Global Chief Compliance Officer and IT Management. The incident response framework determines when the C-ROC should provide notifications regarding certain cybersecurity incidents, with different severity thresholds triggering notifications to different recipient groups, including senior members of management, our Audit Committee or our Board. The C-ROC is responsible for gathering information with respect to a cybersecurity incident, assessing its severity and potential responses, as well as communicating with senior management and the Audit Committee or full Board, as appropriate. Our cybersecurity program, which is overseen by the C-ROC, is managed by IT Management as part of its responsibility for enterprise-wide cybersecurity strategy, policies, implementing our monitoring and alert response processes, vulnerability management, changes made to our critical systems, including software and network changes and various other technological and administrative safeguards. The team is led by our Chief Technology Officer , who has over 25 years of experience advising on technology strategy, including digital transformation, cybersecurity, business analytics and infrastructure, and our Head of Technology Infrastructure, who has over 20 years of experience in the information technology field with a focus on IT risk governance and management, information security, incident response capabilities and assessing effectiveness of controls. The 70 Table of Contents C-ROC meets regularly and forms cross-enterprise teams, as needed, to manage and implement key policies and initiatives of our cybersecurity program. Our Board has delegated the primary responsibility for oversight and review of controls and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including cybersecurity risk, to the Audit Committee . Periodically and as needed, o ur Global Chief Compliance Officer updates our Board on actions taken by the C-ROC and our Chief Technology Officer reports to our Board on cybersecurity matters. Such reporting includes updates on our cybersecurity program, the external threat environment and our programs to address and mitigate the risks associated with the evolving cybersecurity threat environment. These reports also include, as appropriate, updates on our preparedness, prevention, detection, responsiveness and recovery with respect to cyber incidents . Impact of Cybersecurity Risks In 2025, we did not experience a material cybersecurity incident, and we are not aware of any cybersecurity risks that are reasonably likely to materially affect our business. While we do not believe that our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition have been materially adversely affected by any cybersecurity incidents, we describe whether and how future incidents could have a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition in “

