TICKER: PAYS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain issues, reduced consumer confidence or economic activity,
government fiscal and tax policies, U.S. and international trade relationships, agreements, treaties, tariffs and restrictive actions,
the inability of a government to enact a budget in a fiscal year, government shutdowns, government austerity programs, and other negative
financial news or macroeconomic developments could have a material adverse impact on the demand for our products and services, including
a reduction in the volume and size of transactions on our payments platform. Additionally, an inability to access the capital markets
when needed due to volatility or illiquidity in the markets or increased regulatory liquidity and capital requirements may strain our
liquidity position. Such conditions may also expose us to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates or interest rates that could materially
and adversely affect our financial results. We depend on key personnel and may be harmed
by the loss of their services or our inability to attract, develop, integrate, incentivize and retain qualified employees. Because of our small size and the limited number
of qualified professionals in our industry, we rely heavily on the continued service and performance of our management team and our experienced
sales, marketing, program and technology personnel, all of whom we consider key employees. Our future success depends, to a significant
extent, on our ability to attract, source, hire, train, develop, incentivize and retain highly skilled directors, officers, management,
financial, legal, marketing, sales and technical personnel. Competition for qualified employees in the financial services and healthcare
industries is intense, and competitors have in the past and may in the future attempt to recruit our management and other key employees.
We may also experience difficulty integrating newly hired personnel, which could adversely affect our operations. The loss of the services
of one or more key employees, our failure to attract or retain additional highly qualified personnel, or our inability to effectively
integrate and motivate such individuals could impair our ability to manage and expand our business and provide services to our customers. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common
Stock Our stock price is volatile, and you may not
be able to sell your shares at a price higher than what was paid. The market for our common stock is highly volatile.
In 2025, our stock price fluctuated between $1.94 and $8.56. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations
in response to, among other things, quarterly variations in operating and financial results, announcements of technological innovations
or new products by our competitors or us, changes in prices of our products and services or our competitors’ products and services,
changes in product mix or changes in our revenue and revenue growth rates. If securities analysts do not publish research
or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our common stock, the trading price of our common stock could
decline. We expect that the trading price for our common
stock will be affected by any research or reports that securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts
who may elect to cover us or our business downgrade their evaluations of our common stock, the price of our common stock would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market for our common stock,
which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 18 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable
future. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, you will likely receive a return on your investment in our common stock
only if the market price of our common stock increases. Concentration of ownership among our existing
directors, executive officers and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. Our directors, executive officers and holders
of more than 5% of our total shares of common stock outstanding and their respective affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately
31% of our outstanding common stock as of March 9, 2026. As a result, these stockholders will be able to exercise a controlling influence
over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, and
will have significant influence over our management and policies for the foreseeable future. Some of these persons or entities may have
interests that are different from yours. For example, these stockholders may support proposals and actions with which you may disagree
or which are not in your interests. The concentration of ownership could delay or prevent a change in control of our company or otherwise
discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of our company, which in turn could reduce the price of our common stock.
In addition, these stockholders, some of which have representatives sitting on our board of directors (the “Board”), could
use their voting control to maintain our existing management and directors in office, delay or prevent changes of control of our company,
or support or reject other management and Board proposals that are subject to stockholder approval, such as amendments to our employee
stock plans and approvals of significant financing transactions. Our stock price could decline due to the large
number of outstanding shares of our common stock eligible for future sale. We have 55,185,394 shares of common stock outstanding
as of March 9, 2026, assuming no exercise of outstanding options or unvested restricted stock awards. None of the shares of common stock
are subject to any lock-up agreements, and all are eligible for sale, subject to registration under the Securities Act and in some cases
to volume and other restrictions imposed by Rule 144. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or even
the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. These sales could also make
it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. We incur significant costs as a result of operating
as a public company. We may not have sufficient personnel for our financial reporting responsibilities, which may result in the untimely
close of our books and records and delays in the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures. As a registered public company, we have experienced
an increase in legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”),
as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, has imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes
in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance
initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more
time-consuming and costly. In addition, three putative class action lawsuits were filed against us, which  required our management
to devote significant time to defending. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for additional information. If we are not able to comply with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify additional deficiencies in our internal
control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities. 19 Our operating results may fluctuate in the
future, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our quarterly and annual results of operations
may fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our results of operations
fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our common stock, the trading price of our common stock
could decline substantially. Fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results of operations may be due to a number of factors, including,
but not limited to: · the timing and volume of purchases, use and reloads of our prepaid cards and related products and services; · the timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors; · seasonality in the purchase or use of our products and services; · reductions in the level of interchange rates that can be charged; · fluctuations in customer retention rates; · changes in the mix of products and services that we sell; · changes in the mix of retail distributors through which we sell our products and services; · the timing of commencement, renegotiation or termination of relationships with significant third-party service providers; · changes in our or our competitors’ pricing policies or sales terms; · the timing of commencement and termination of major advertising campaigns; · the timing of costs related to the development or acquisition of complementary businesses; · the timing of costs of any major litigation to which we are a party; · the amount and timing of operating costs related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; · our ability to control costs, including third-party service provider costs; · volatility in the trading price of our common stock, which may lead to higher stock-based compensation expenses or fluctuations in the valuations of vesting equity; and · changes in the regulatory environment affecting the banking or electronic payments industries generally or prepaid financial services specifically. 20 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS. None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY. Risk Management and Strategy Cyber criminals are becoming more
                                                  sophisticated and effective every day, and they are increasingly targeting software companies, including companies like ours that
                                                  handle sensitive customer and stakeholder data. All companies utilizing technology are subject to threats of breaches of their
                                                  cybersecurity programs. To mitigate the threat to our business, we take a comprehensive approach to cybersecurity risk management
                                                  and make securing the data that customers and other stakeholders entrust to us a top priority. Our Board and our management are
                                                  actively involved in the oversight of our risk management program, of which cybersecurity represents an important component. As
                                                  described in more detail below, we have established policies, standards, processes and practices for assessing, identifying, and
                                                  managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. We have devoted financial and personnel resources to implement and maintain
                                                  security measures to meet regulatory requirements and customer expectations, and we intend to continue to make significant
                                                  investments to maintain the security of our data and cybersecurity infrastructure. While no cybersecurity program can eliminate all
                                                  risk or guarantee complete effectiveness, our controls are designed in alignment with industry recognized frameworks such as the
                                                  NIST Cybersecurity Framework and incorporate key principles of ISO 27001. While our

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and service providers. Privacy and information
security laws evolve regularly, requiring us to adjust our compliance program on an ongoing basis and presenting compliance challenges. Bank Regulations All the cards that we service are issued by state-chartered
banks. Thus, we are subject to the oversight of the regulators for, and certain laws applicable to, these card issuing banks. These banking
laws require us, as a servicer to the banks that issue our cards, among other things, to undertake compliance actions similar to those
described under "Anti-Money Laundering Laws" above and to comply with the privacy regulations promulgated under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act as discussed under "Privacy and Information Safeguard Laws" above. Consumer Protection Laws Certain products that we offer are subject to
additional state and federal consumer protection laws, including laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive practices, regulating electronic
fund transfers and protecting consumer nonpublic information. As such, we have developed appropriate procedures for compliance with these
consumer protection laws. Card Networks In order to provide our products and services,
we, as well as the banks that issue our cards, must be registered with Visa and/or MasterCard, as well as any other networks that we desire
to use, such as Interlink, Plus, Maestro, Cirrus, Discover and Pulse, and, as a result, are subject to card association rules that could
subject us to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card association or network for certain acts or omissions. The
banks that issue our cards are specifically registered as "members" of the card networks. The card networks set the standards
with which we and the card issuing banks must comply. 9 Environmental Sustainability Climate-related events, including extreme weather
events and natural disasters and their effect on critical infrastructure in the U.S. could have similar adverse effects on our operations,
customers or third-party suppliers. Furthermore, our stockholders, customers and other stakeholders have begun to consider how corporations
are addressing environmental, social and governance ("ESG") issues. Government regulators, investors, customers and the general
public are increasingly focused on ESG practices and disclosures, and views about ESG are diverse and rapidly changing. These shifts in
investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the Company’s common stock if investors determine that
the Company has not made sufficient progress on ESG matters. Furthermore, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of ESG,
and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming, and are subject
to evolving reporting standards and/or contractual obligations. We could also face potential negative ESG-related publicity in traditional
media or social media if stockholders or other stakeholders determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed ESG matters.
Stockholders are increasingly submitting proposals related to a variety of ESG issues to public companies, and we may receive such proposals
in the future. Such proposals may not be in the long-term interests of the Company or our stockholders and may divert management’s
attention away from operational matters or create the impression that our practices are inadequate. False Claims Laws and Other Fraud and Abuse
Restrictions We provide claims processing and other transaction
services to pharmaceutical companies that relate to, or directly involve, the reimbursement of pharmaceutical costs covered by Medicare,
Medicaid, other federal healthcare programs and private payers. As a result of these aspects of our business, we may be subject to, or
contractually required to comply with, state and federal laws that govern various aspects of the submission of healthcare claims for reimbursement
and the receipt of payments for healthcare items or services. These laws generally prohibit an individual or entity from knowingly presenting
or causing to be presented claims for payment to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent. False or
fraudulent claims include, but are not limited to, billing for services not rendered, failing to refund known overpayments, misrepresenting
actual services rendered in order to obtain higher reimbursement, improper coding and billing for medically unnecessary goods and services.
Many of these laws provide significant civil and criminal penalties for noncompliance and can be enforced by private individuals through
“whistleblower” or qui tam actions. To avoid liability, providers and their contractors must, among other things, carefully
and accurately code, complete and submit claims for reimbursement. From time to time, participants in the healthcare
industry, including us, may be subject to actions under the federal False Claims Act or other fraud and abuse provisions. We cannot guarantee
that state and federal agencies will regard any billing errors we process as inadvertent or will not hold us responsible for any compliance
issues related to claims we handle on behalf of providers and payers. Although we believe our editing processes are consistent with applicable
reimbursement rules and industry practice, a court, enforcement agency or whistleblower could challenge these practices. We cannot predict
the impact of any enforcement actions under the various false claims and fraud and abuse laws applicable to our operations. Even an unsuccessful
challenge of our practices could cause adverse publicity and cause us to incur significant legal and related costs. Privacy and Security Standards under HIPAA
or Other Laws. HIPAA contains privacy regulations and security
regulations that apply to some of our operations. The privacy regulations extensively regulate the use and disclosure of individually
identifiable health information by entities subject to HIPAA. For example, the privacy regulations permit parties to use and disclose
individually identifiable health information for treatment and to process claims for payment, but other uses and disclosures, such as
marketing communications, require written authorization from the individual or must meet an exception specified under the privacy regulations.
The privacy regulations also provide patients with rights related to understanding and controlling how their health information is used
and disclosed. To the extent permitted by the privacy regulations from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, and our contracts with
our customers, we may use and disclose individually identifiable health information to perform our services and for other limited purposes,
such as creating de-identified information. Determining whether data has been sufficiently de-identified to comply with the privacy regulations
and our contractual obligations may require complex factual and statistical analyses and may be subject to interpretation. The security
regulations require certain entities to implement and maintain administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the security
of individually identifiable health information that is electronically transmitted or electronically stored. We have implemented and maintain
policies and processes to assist us in complying with the privacy regulations, the security regulations and our contractual obligations.
We cannot provide assurance regarding how these standards will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. If we are unable
to properly protect the privacy and security of health information entrusted to us, we could be subject to substantial penalties, damages
and injunctive relief. 10 In addition to HIPAA, numerous other state and
federal laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality of individually identifiable health information
and healthcare provider information. In addition, some states are considering new laws and regulations that further protect the confidentiality,
privacy and security of medical records or other types of medical information. In many cases, these state laws are not preempted by the
HIPAA privacy regulations and may be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities. Further, the U.S. Congress
and a number of states have considered or are considering prohibitions or limitations on the disclosure of medical or other information
to individuals or entities located outside of the United States. Patents and Trademarks We protect our intellectual property rights through
a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secrets laws. In order to limit access to and disclosure of
our intellectual property and proprietary information, all of our employees and consultants have signed confidentiality and we enter into
nondisclosure agreements with third parties. We cannot provide assurance that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property
rights, however, will deter adequately infringement or misappropriation of those rights. Particularly given the international nature of
the Internet, the rate of growth of the Internet and the ease of registering new domain names, we may not be able to detect unauthorized
use of our intellectual property or proprietary information, or to take enforcement action. Employees and Independent Contractors As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately
two hundred twenty-six employees and independent contractors. We have no collective bargaining agreements with
our employees and believe all independent contractor and employment agreement relationships are satisfactory. We hire independent contractors
on an as-needed basis, and we may retain additional employees and consultants during the next twelve months, including additional patient
affordability, information technology, product and project management, fraud, and customer care personnel to support our growing businesses. Available Information Our internet address is www.paysign.com. Information
on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components. Where appropriate, we use third-party technology
components in the development of our software applications and service offerings. Third-party software may be used for highly specialized
business functions, which we may not be able to develop internally within time and budget constraints. Our principal target markets for
processing services include prepaid card issuers, retail and private-label issuers, small third-party processors and small and mid-size
financial institutions in the United States and Mexico. We have devoted more extensive resources to sales
and marketing activities as we have added essential personnel to our marketing, sales and support teams. We market our Paysign payment
solutions through direct marketing by the Company’s sales team. Our primary market focus is on companies that require a streamlined
payment solution for rewards, rebates, payment assistance, and other payments to their customers, employees, agents and others. To reach
these markets, we focus our sales efforts on direct contact with our target market and attendance at various industry-specific conferences.
We may, at times, utilize independent contractors who make direct sales and are paid commissions and/or restricted stock awards. We market
our Paysign premier product through existing communication channels to a targeted segment of our existing cardholders, as well as to a
broad group of individuals, ranging from non-banked to fully banked consumers with a focus on long term users of our product. In 2026, we plan to continue to invest additional funds in technology
improvements, sales and marketing, cybersecurity, fraud, customer service and regulatory compliance. From time to time, we evaluate raising
capital to enable us to diversify into new market verticals. If we do not raise new capital, we believe that we will still be able to
support our existing business and expand into new vertical markets using internally generated funds. 2025 Year Milestones · Grew to approximately 8.4 million cardholders and approximately 670 card programs as of December 31, 2025. · Year over year revenue increased 40.5%. · Gamma Innovation LLC acquisition. · Added 115 net plasma programs, launched 55 net new pharma programs, and added 3 net new other prepaid programs. 29 Results of Operations Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2025
to Year Ended December 31, 2024 The following table summarizes our consolidated
financial results for year ended December 31, 2025 in comparison to year ended December 31, 2024: Year ended December 31, Variance 2025 2024 $ % Revenues Plasma industry $ 45,615,640 $ 43,879,508 $ 1,736,132 4.0 % Pharma industry 33,888,631 12,652,412 21,236,219 167.8 % Other 2,523,905 1,852,632 671,273 36.2 % Total revenues 82,028,176 58,384,552 23,643,624 40.5 % Cost of revenues 33,311,223 26,187,218 7,124,005 27.2 % Gross profit 48,716,953 32,197,334 16,519,619 51.3 % Gross margin % 59.4 % 55.1 % Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative 33,035,317 25,180,840 7,854,477 31.2 % Depreciation and amortization 8,318,797 5,994,986 2,323,811 38.8 % Total operating expenses 41,354,114 31,175,826 10,178,288 32.6 % Income from operations $ 7,362,839 $ 1,021,508 $ 6,341,331 620.8 % Other income $ 2,670,415 $ 3,116,689 $ (446,274 ) (14.3 %) Income tax provision $ 2,481,641 $ 322,290 $ 2,159,351 670.0 % Net income $ 7,551,613 $ 3,815,907 $ 3,735,706 97.9 % Net margin % 9.2 % 6.5 % The increase in total revenues of $23,643,624
for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year consisted primarily of a $1,736,132 increase in plasma
revenue, a $21,236,219 increase in pharma revenue, and a $671,273 increase in other revenue. The increase in plasma revenue was primarily
due to 115 net plasma centers added during the past 12 months offset by a decline in plasma donations and dollars loaded to cards as plasma
inventory levels were elevated throughout much of 2025, which has reduced our average monthly revenue per center as compared to the same
period in the prior year. The increase in pharma revenue was primarily due to the financial benefit of 55 net pharma patient affordability
programs launched during the past 12 months, and a corresponding increase in monthly management fees, setup fees, claim processing fees
and other billable services such as dynamic business rules and call center support. For the year ended December 31, 2025 the number of
claims processed increased 79% compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in other revenue was primarily due to the growth
and usage in the number of cardholders of our payroll, retail and corporate incentive programs. 30 Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31,
2025 increased $7,124,005 compared to the same period in the prior year. Cost of revenues is comprised of transaction processing fees,
data connectivity and data center expenses, network fees, bank fees, card production and postage costs, call center support, application
integration setup and sales and commission expense. The increase in cost of revenues consisted primarily of (i) increased call center
support expense of approximately $2,089,000 associated primarily with the growth in our plasma and pharma patient affordability businesses,
a new customer service contact center, wage inflation pressures, a tight labor market and increased benefit costs; (ii) increased sales
and commission expense of approximately $852,000 related to the increase in overall revenue for programs in which we pay commission expenses;
(iii) increased network and network related fees of approximately $2,845,000 associated to the addition of 115 net plasma centers; (iv)
increased third-party variable costs of approximately $1,063,000 associated with our pharma patient affordability programs; and (v) increased
plastics, collateral and postage of approximately $320,000. These increases were offset by a decrease in other costs of approximately
$45,000. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2025
increased $16,519,619 compared to the same period in the prior year resulting primarily from the launch of an additional 55 net pharma
patient affordability programs during the prior 12 months, and a corresponding increase in setup fees, monthly management fees, claim
processing fees and other billable fees. Gross profit also benefited from the addition of 115 net plasma centers during the past 12 months,
and corresponding revenue and beneficial impact of a variable cost structure, as many of the plasma transaction costs are variable in
nature and are provided by third parties who charge us based on the number of active cards outstanding and transactions that occurred
during the period. The increase in gross profit was offset by increased costs from network fees, third-party service providers, sales
commission expense and customer service costs mentioned above, primarily driven by the overall growth in our business. The increase in
gross margin resulted primarily from a greater contribution of total revenue from our pharma patient affordability business which has
higher gross profit margins than our other businesses. Selling, general and administrative expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2025 increased $7,854,477 compared to the same period in the prior year and consisted primarily of an increase
in (i) compensation and benefits of approximately $3,766,000 due to continued hiring to support our growth, a tight labor market, and
increased benefit costs; (ii) stock-based compensation of approximately $1,657,000 related to the issuance of restricted stock units for
new hires and employee retention; (iii) technologies and telecom expense of approximately $833,000 primarily related to ongoing platform
security investments; (iv) general expenses of approximately $241,000 primarily related to conferences, deliveries, and employee education;
(v) acquisition costs of approximately $121,000 associated with the Gamma Innovation LLC (“Gamma”) acquisition that closed
on March 19, 2025 (see “Note 3- ACQUISITION” in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) ; (vi) travel
and entertainment of approximately $272,000; and (vii) a decrease in capitalized platform development costs of approximately $1,056,000.
The rise in costs was offset by a reduction in other operating expenses of approximately $92,000. Depreciation and amortization expense for the
year ended December 31, 2025 increased $2,323,811 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in depreciation and amortization
expense was primarily due to continued capitalization of new software development costs, equipment purchases related to continued enhancements
to our processing platform and employment growth and the amortization of intangible assets from our Gamma acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded
income from operations of $7,362,839 representing an improvement of $6,341,311 compared to income from operations of $1,021,508 during
the same period in the prior year related to the aforementioned factors. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2025
decreased $446,274 primarily related to the implied interest expense related to future cash payments for the Gamma acquisition of $395,130
and slightly lower interest rates. At December 31, 2025, our income tax expense totaled
$2,481,641, representing an effective tax rate of 24.7%. This rate was primarily driven by higher book earnings and adjustments to our
provision estimate related to Section 174 changes under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, offset by tax benefits associated with stock-based
compensation and tax credits. At December 31, 2024, our income tax provision was $322,290, which equates to an effective tax rate of 7.8%
primarily as a result of federal taxes offset by net operating loss true-up on our state taxes, tax benefits related to our stock-based
compensation and changes to our tax credits. 31 The net income for the year ended December 31,
2025 was $7,551,613, an improvement of $3,735,706 compared to the net income of $3,815,907 for the year ended December 31, 2024. The overall
change in net income relates to the aforementioned factors. Key Metrics, Performance Indicators and Non-GAAP
Measures Management reviews a number of metrics to help
us monitor the performance of and identify trends affecting our business. We believe the following measures are the primary indicators
of our quarterly and annual revenues: Gross Dollar Volume Loaded on Cards: Represents
the total dollar volume of funds loaded to all of our prepaid card programs. Our gross dollar volume loaded on cards was $1,935 million
and $1,783 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We use this metric to analyze the total amount of money
moving into our prepaid card programs. Conversion Rates on Gross Dollar Volume Loaded
on Cards: Represents revenues, gross profit or net income conversion rates of gross dollar volume loaded on cards which are calculated
by taking our total revenues, gross profit or net income, respectively, as a numerator and dividing by the gross dollar volume loaded
on cards as a denominator. As we derive a number of our financial results from cardholder fees, we utilize these metrics as an indication
of the amount of money that is added to cards and will eventually be converted to revenues, gross profit and net income. Our total revenue
conversion rates for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were 4.24% or 424 basis points (“bps”), and 3.27% or 327 bps,
respectively, of gross dollar volume loaded on cards. Our total gross profit conversion rates for the years ended December 31, 2025 and
2024 were 2.52% or 252 bps, and 1.81% or 181 bps, respectively, of gross dollar volume loaded on cards. Our net income conversion rates
for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were 0.39% or 39 bps, and 0.21% or 21 bps, respectively, of gross dollar volume loaded
on cards. Management also reviews key performance indicators,
such as revenues, gross profit, operational expenses as a percent of revenues, and cardholder participation. In addition, we consider
certain non-GAAP (or “adjusted”) measures to be useful to management and investors evaluating our operating performance for
the periods presented and provide a financial tool for evaluating our ongoing operations, liquidity and management of assets. This information
can assist investors in assessing our financial performance and measures our ability to generate capital for deployment and investment
in new card programs. These adjusted metrics are consistent with how management views our business and are used to make financial, operating
and planning decisions. These metrics, however, are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered a substitute
for revenue, operating income, net income, earnings per share (basic and diluted) or net cash from operating activities as determined
in accordance with GAAP. We consider the following non-GAAP measures, which may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported
by other companies, to be key performance indicators: “EBITDA” is defined as earnings before
interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense and “Adjusted EBITDA” reflects the adjustment to EBITDA to exclude
stock-based compensation expense. A reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA is provided in the table below. Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income: Net income $ 7,551,613 $ 3,815,907 Income tax provision 2,481,641 322,290 Interest income, net (2,670,415 ) (3,116,689 ) Depreciation and amortization 8,318,797 5,994,986 EBITDA 15,681,636 7,016,494 Stock-based compensation 4,262,058 2,604,589 Adjusted EBITDA $ 19,943,694 $ 9,621,083 32 “EBITDA margin” is defined as earnings
before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of the Company’s revenue and “Adjusted
EBITDA margin” reflects the adjustment to EBITDA margin to exclude stock-based compensation expense as a percentage of revenue.
A reconciliation of net income margin to Adjusted EBITDA margin is provided in the table below. Year ended December 31, (As a percentage of revenue) 2025 2024 Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA margin to net income margin: Net income margin 9.2 % 6.5 % Income tax provision 3.0 % 0.6 % Interest income, net (3.3 %) (5.3 %) Depreciation and amortization 10.1 % 10.3 % EBITDA margin 19.1 % 12.0 % Stock-based compensation 5.2 % 4.5 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 24.3 % 16.5 % Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table sets forth the major sources
and uses of cash for our last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 52,450,867 $ 22,947,120 Net cash used in investing activities (10,094,210 ) (9,488,702 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 284,868 (466,245 ) Net increase in cash and restricted cash $ 42,641,525 $ 12,992,173 Comparison of Fiscal 2025 and 2024 During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
we financed our operations through internally generated funds. Operating activities provided $52,450,867 of cash
as of December 31, 2025, an increase of $29,503,747 compared to same period in the prior year. This change in cash flow compared to the
change in cash flow in the prior period is primarily due to net increase in operating assets and liabilities. The changes in accounts
receivable, accounts payable and customer card funding, a net increase of $18,475,867, are primarily related to the growth in our pharma
patient affordability business and timing of pass-through payments as we are invoiced by third-party service providers at the end of the
period and are due monies from our pharma patient affordability customers to cover these third-party payables. The increase in cash flows
from operating activities was also attributed to an increase in net income, reduced prepaid expenses, collection of tax credits and non-cash
adjustments for depreciation and amortization, deferred income tax, and stock-based compensation. We used net cash in investing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 of $10,094,210 and $9,488,702, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2025, $8,094,210
of cash was used for investing activities primarily attributable to an increase in software licenses, fixed assets, and capitalization
of internally developed software as we continue to invest in our technology platform. The remaining amount of $2,000,000 was used for
the Gamma acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2024, $9,488,702 of cash was used for investing activities primarily attributable
to an increase in software licenses, fixed assets and capitalization of internally developed software as we continue to invest in our
technology platform. 33 Cash provided by financing activities of $284,868
for the year ended December 31, 2025 was primarily attributed to proceeds from the exercise of options of $660,654, partially offset by
the repurchase of 100,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at a weighted average price of $3.76 per share. Finance activities
during the year ended December 31, 2024 used $466,245 in cash, attributable to the repurchase of 136,700 shares of the Company’s
common stock at a weighted average price of $3.62 per share offset by proceeds of $28,800 for the exercise of stock options. Our significant contractual cash requirements
also include ongoing payments for lease liabilities. For additional information regarding our cash commitments and contractual obligations,
see “Note 6 – LEASE” in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Liquidity and Sources of Financing Unrestricted cash was $21,067,651 as of December
31, 2025, an increase of $10,300,669 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase resulted primarily from the improvement
in our operating results. We believe that our available cash on hand, excluding restricted cash, at December 31, 2025 of $21,067,651,
along with our forecast for revenues and cash flows for the remainder of 2026 and through 2028, will be sufficient to sustain our operations
for the next twenty-four months. In light of the recent bank failures, we continue to monitor the health and soundness of our bank relationships
through publicly available information. Based on recent SEC filings, we have not discovered any issues that would cause us to alter our
bank relationships. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our estimates will be based on our experience
and our interpretation of economic, political, regulatory, and other factors that affect our business prospects. Intangible Assets – For intangible
assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair
value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
expected to result from the use of the asset. Intangible assets with an indefinite-life are
not amortized. Intangible assets with a finite life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which are
generally 3 to 10 years. Goodwill – Our methodology for
allocating the purchase price relating to acquisitions is determined through established valuation techniques. Goodwill represents a residual
value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases results in measuring goodwill as an excess of the purchase consideration transferred
plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquired company over the fair value of net assets acquired, including contingent
consideration. We perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter, and, in certain circumstances between
annual tests. The assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would
use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the new accounting guidance for the fair value measurement of non-financial assets. Internally Developed Software Costs –
Computer software development costs are expensed as incurred, except for internal use software or website development costs that qualify
for capitalization as described below, and include compensation and related expenses, costs of hardware and software, and costs incurred
in developing features and functionality. 34 For computer software developed or obtained for
internal use, costs that are incurred in the preliminary project and post implementation stages of software development are expensed as
incurred. Costs incurred during the application and development stage are capitalized. Capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line
method over a three year estimated useful life, beginning in the period in which the software is available for use. Income Taxes – Income tax expense
is comprised of current and deferred income tax expense. Current income tax expense approximates taxes to be paid or refunded for the
current period. Deferred income tax expense results from the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the periods. These
gross deferred tax assets and liabilities represent decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of future
reversals of temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their basis as reported in
our consolidated financial statements. We also recognize deferred tax assets for tax attributes such as net operating loss carryforwards
and tax credit carryforwards. We record valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts we conclude are more likely-than-not
to be realized in the foreseeable future. While the Company has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax
strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, if these estimates and assumptions change in the future, the Company may
be required to adjust its valuation allowance. Income tax benefits are recognized and measured
based upon a two-step model: 1) a tax position must be more likely-than-not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits in order
to be recognized, and 2) the benefit is measured as the largest dollar amount of that position that is more likely-than-not to be sustained
upon settlement. The difference between the benefit recognized for a position and the tax benefit claimed on a tax return is referred
to as an unrecognized tax benefit. Income tax related interest and penalties, if applicable, are accrued within income tax expense. Revenue and Expense Recognition –
In determining when and how revenue is recognized from contracts with customers, the Company performs the following five-step analysis:
(i) identification of contracts with customers; (ii) determination of performance obligations; (iii) measurement of the transaction price;
(iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies
each performance obligation. The Company generates revenues from plasma card
programs through fees generated from cardholders and interchange fees. Revenues from pharma card programs are generated through card program
management fees, transaction claim processing fees, interchange fees, customer service fees, other billable service fees and settlement
income. Other revenues are generated through cardholder fees, interchange fees, program management fees, load fees and breakage. Plasma and pharma program revenues include both
fixed and variable components. Cardholder fees represent an obligation to the cardholder based on a per transaction basis and are recognized
at a point in time when the performance obligation is fulfilled. Card program management fees and transaction claims processing fees represent
obligations to our program sponsors. These fees are generally recognized as revenue when earned on a monthly basis and are typically payable
according to the terms outlined in the contract. The Company uses the output method to recognize card program management fee revenue at
the amount of consideration to which an entity has a right to invoice. The performance obligation is satisfied when the services are transferred
to the customer which the Company determined to be monthly, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit from the
Company’s performance. Interchange fees are earned when customer-issued cards are processed through card payment networks as the
nature of our promise to the customer is that we stand ready to process transactions at the customer’s requests on a daily basis
over the contract term. Since the timing and quantity of transactions to be processed by us are not determinable, we view interchange
fees to comprise an obligation to stand ready to process as many transactions as the customer requests. Accordingly, the promise to stand
ready is accounted for as a single series performance obligation. The Company uses the right to invoice practical expedient and recognizes
interchange fee revenue concurrent with the processing of card transactions. Interchange fees are settled in accordance with the card
payment network terms and conditions, which is typically within a few days. 35 The portion of the dollar value of prepaid-stored
value cards that consumers do not ultimately redeem are referred to as breakage. In certain card programs where we hold the cardholder
funds and expect to be entitled to a breakage amount, we recognize revenue using estimated breakage rates ratably over the estimated card
life; provided that a significant reversal of the amount of breakage revenue recognized is not probable, and record adjustments to such
estimates when redemption is remote or we are legally defeased of the obligation, if applicable. For each program, we utilize a third
party to estimate breakage rates based on historical redemption patterns, market-specific trends, escheatment rules and existing economic
conditions. The Company accounts for breakage in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2016-04, Liabilities—Extinguishment
of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20): Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Cards for the recognition of such revenue. The Company utilizes the remote method of revenue
recognition for settlement income whereby the unspent card balances will be recognized as revenue at the expiration of the cards or the
respective card program. The Company records all revenue on a gross basis since it is the primary obligor and establishes the price in
the contract arrangement with its customers. The Company is currently under no obligation to refund any fees, and the Company does not
currently have any obligations for disputed claim settlements. Given the nature of the Company’s services and contracts, generally
it has no contract assets as it pertains to services rendered but not invoiced. Cost of revenues is comprised of transaction processing
fees, data connectivity and data center expenses, network fees, bank fees, card production and postage costs, customer service, program
management, application integration setup, fraud charges and sales and commission expense. Stock-Based Compensation – The Company
recognizes compensation expense for all restricted stock awards and stock options. The fair value of restricted stock awards is measured
using the grant date trading price of our stock. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model, and the portion that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as compensation cost over the requisite service
period. We have elected to recognize compensation expense for all options with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the vesting
period of the entire option. The determination of fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model is affected by our stock price
as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables, including expected stock price volatility and the risk-free
interest rate. ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Because we are a smaller reporting company, we
are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. The financial statements required by Article 8
of Regulation S-X are attached hereto as Exhibit A . 36 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. During the two fiscal years ended December 31,
2025 and 2024, we did not file any Current Report on Form 8-K reporting any change in accountants in which there was a reported disagreement
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosures or auditing scope or procedure. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Management’s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting and Remediation Initiatives Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have evaluated, under the supervision of our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer and with the participation of other members of management, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December
31, 2025. Disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that the information we are
required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in those reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the evaluation date, such controls and procedures were effective. Management’s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting. As defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
by, or under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and implemented by our Board, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial
statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: · pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; · provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and · provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements 37 Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As of December 31, 2025, we conducted an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer), our chief information
officer and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management’s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal
control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based upon this assessment, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. This annual report is not required and does not
include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2025. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, no
director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement” (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. 38 PART
III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS and CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to our proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year
end December 31, 2025. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to our proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year
end December 31, 2025. ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to our proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year
end December 31, 2025. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to our proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year
end December 31, 2025. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to our proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year
end December 31, 2025. 39 PART
IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS and FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following documents are filed as a part of the report: (1) All financial
statements: Audited financial statements of Paysign, Inc. as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and for the years ended December 31,
2025 and 2024, including balance sheets, statements of income, statements of cash flows, and statements of changes in
stockholders’ equity required to be filed hereunder are listed in Exhibit A. (2) Those financial
statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this form, and by paragraph (b) below: None. (3) Those exhibits
required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.601 of this chapter) and by paragraph (b) below. Identify in the list each
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 15(b) of
this report: See below. (b) Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated April 23, 2019 (1) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (2) 4.2 Description of Paysign, Inc.’s Securities (3) 10.1 Share Exchange Agreement between 3PEA International, Inc. and WOW Technologies, Inc. (4) 10.2 Form of Restricted Stock Award (5) 10.3 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (6) 10.4 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (7) 10.5 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (8) 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (9) 10.7 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Dan Henry (10) 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Award under 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (11) 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Award (12) 10.10 Stock Repurchase Agreement, dated March 23, 2023, by and between Paysign, Inc. and Daniel H. Spence (13) 10.11 Paysign, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (14) 14 Code
    of Ethics (15) 16.1 Letter from Moss Adams LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated June 5, 2025 (16) 19.1 Paysign, Inc. Insider Trading Policies and Procedures (17) 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant (18) 40 23.1* Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP 31.1* Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.2* Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 32.1* Section 1350 Certifications 32.2* Section 1350 Certifications 97.1 Paysign, Inc. Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (19) 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File * Filed herewith. (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019 (File Number 001-38623). (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2024 (File Number 000-38623). (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 3, 2020 (File Number 001-38623). (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on September 16, 2010 (File Number 000-54123). (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230634). (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-8 filed on August 22, 2019 (File Number 333-233400). (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2019 (File Number 001-38623). (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2023 (File Number 001-38623). (14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2023 (File Number 001-38623). (15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 3, 2020 (File Number 001-38623). (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2025 (File Number 001-38623). (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2025 (File Number 001-38623). (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to our Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on March 26, 2021 (File Number 001-38623). (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2025 (File Number 001-38623). (c) Other Financial Statement Schedules: None. ITEM 16. Form 10-k summary Not applicable. 41 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. PAYSIGN, INC. By: Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Mark Newcomer Mark Newcomer, President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Mark Newcomer Mark Newcomer, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive
Officer) Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Jeff Baker Jeff Baker, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
    Officer) Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Joan Herman Joan Herman, Executive Vice President and Director Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Dan Henry Dan Henry, Director and Chairman Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Matthew Lanford Matthew Lanford, Director Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Bruce Mina Bruce Mina, Director Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Jeffrey B. Newman Jeffrey B. Newman, Director Dated: March 25, 2026 /s/ Dennis Triplett Dennis Triplett, Director 42 EXHIBIT A PAYSIGN, INC. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025
AND 2024 WITH AUDIT REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Baker Tilly US, LLP; PCAOB ID # 23 ) F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F- 1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Paysign, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Paysign,
Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of statements of operations, stockholders’
equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Business Combination - Valuation of Acquired Technologies Critical Audit Matter Description As described in notes 2 and note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company completed the acquisition of Gamma Innovation LLC on March 19, 2025. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination
that resulted in the identification and recognition of acquired technologies intangible assets. The Company used an income approach and
cost replacement method to measure the estimated fair values of the acquired technologies intangible assets. The significant assumptions
used in the income approach included assumed revenue growth rates, discount rate, economic lives, margins and contributory asset charges. F- 2 We identified the valuation of the acquired technologies intangible
assets as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of the valuation of the acquired technologies intangible
assets as a critical audit matter is the especially challenging, complex and subjective auditor judgement required when performing audit
procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating
audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. Our audit procedures related to
the critical audit matter included the following, among others: · We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the appropriateness of the selected
valuation methodology for the identifiable intangible assets and evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used, including
assumed revenue growth rates, discount rate, economic lives, and margins and contributory asset charges. · We evaluated whether significant assumptions used by management, including assumed revenue growth rates, discount rate, economic lives,
and margins and contributory asset charges, were reasonable by considering past performance of similar assets, peer market data, current
market forecasts, and whether such assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. · Performed independent tests of the valuation models to verify mathematical accuracy and internal consistency and conducted sensitivity
analyses to determine the effect of changes in key assumptions on the estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets. · Tested the accuracy and completeness of underlying data used in the valuation models. · Corroborated management’s assumptions and valuation conclusions with external market evidence where available. /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP Dallas, Texas March 25, 2026 We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2022. F- 3 PAYSIGN, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 ASSETS Current assets Cash $ 21,067,651 $ 10,766,982 Restricted cash 143,917,060 111,576,204 Accounts receivable, net 72,191,994 32,639,242 Other receivables 926,529 1,606,276 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,953,717 2,247,929 Total current assets 240,056,951 158,836,633 Fixed assets, net 1,897,892 1,157,975 Intangible assets, net 22,346,213 12,239,717 Goodwill 4,487,637 – Operating lease right-of-use asset 5,729,541 2,792,922 Deferred tax asset, net 1,734,969 4,000,950 Total assets $ 276,253,203 $ 179,028,197 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 70,542,803 $ 34,330,217 Operating lease liability, current portion 751,503 448,008 Other liabilities, current portion 1,863,116 – Customer card funding 143,191,068 111,328,270 Total current liabilities 216,348,490 146,106,495 Operating lease liability, long-term portion 5,273,891 2,480,070 Other liabilities, long-term portion 6,140,651 – Total liabilities 227,763,032 148,586,565 Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) – – Stockholders’ equity Preferred stock: $ 0.001 par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding – – Common stock; $ 0.001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized, 56,021,596 and 54,358,382 issued at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively 56,022 54,358 Additional paid-in capital 35,503,253 24,632,205 Treasury stock at cost, 934,708 shares and 834,708 shares, respectively ( 2,148,715 ) ( 1,772,929 ) Retained earnings 15,079,611 7,527,998 Total stockholders’ equity 48,490,171 30,441,632 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 276,253,203 $ 179,028,197 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. F- 4 PAYSIGN, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 Revenues Plasma industry $ 45,615,640 $ 43,879,508 Pharma industry 33,888,631 12,652,412 Other 2,523,905 1,852,632 Total revenues 82,028,176 58,384,552 Cost of revenues 33,311,223 26,187,218 Gross profit 48,716,953 32,197,334 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative 33,035,317 25,180,840 Depreciation and amortization 8,318,797 5,994,986 Total operating expenses 41,354,114 31,175,826 Income from operations 7,362,839 1,021,508 Other income Interest income, net 2,670,415 3,116,689 Income before income tax provision 10,033,254 4,138,197 Income tax provision 2,481,641 322,290 Net income $ 7,551,613 $ 3,815,907 Income per share Basic $ 0.14 $ 0.07 Diluted $ 0.13 $ 0.07 Weighted average common shares Basic 54,426,584 53,207,555 Diluted 59,648,531 55,588,459 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. F- 5 PAYSIGN, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Treasury Stock Retained Total Stockholders’ Shares Amount Capital Shares Amount Earnings Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 53,452,382 $ 53,452 $ 21,999,722 ( 698,008 ) $ ( 1,277,884 ) $ 3,712,091 $ 24,487,381 Stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock 894,000 894 ( 894 ) – – – – Exercise of stock options 12,000 12 28,788 – – – 28,800 Stock-based compensation – – 2,604,589 – – – 2,604,589 Repurchase of common stock – – – ( 136,700 ) ( 495,045 ) – ( 495,045 ) Net income – – – – – 3,815,907 3,815,907 Balance, December 31, 2024 54,358,382 54,358 24,632,205 ( 834,708 ) ( 1,772,929 ) 7,527,998 30,441,632 Stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock 1,457,000 1,457 ( 1457 ) – – – – Exercise of stock options 206,214 207 660,447 – – – 660,654 Stock-based compensation – – 4,262,058 – – – 4,262,058 Repurchase of common stock – – – ( 100,000 ) ( 375,786 ) – ( 375,786 ) Issuance of stock in business combination – – 5,950,000 – – – 5,950,000 Net income – – – – – 7,551,613 7,551,613 Balance, December 31, 2025 56,021,596 $ 56,022 $ 35,503,253 ( 934,708 ) $ ( 2,148,715 ) $ 15,079,611 $ 48,490,171 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. F- 6 PAYSIGN, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 7,551,613 $ 3,815,907 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense 4,262,058 2,604,589 Depreciation and amortization 8,318,797 5,994,986 Noncash lease expense 591,786 422,103 Deferred income taxes, net 2,265,981 298,780 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ( 39,552,752 ) ( 16,416,901 ) Other receivables 679,747 ( 20,293 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 294,212 ( 227,148 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 36,607,716 7,812,650 Operating lease liability ( 431,089 ) ( 383,699 ) Customer card funding 31,862,798 19,046,146 Net cash provided by operating activities 52,450,867 22,947,120 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of fixed assets ( 1,209,048 ) ( 434,901 ) Capitalization of internally developed software ( 6,801,761 ) ( 8,926,201 ) Purchase of intangible assets ( 83,401 ) ( 127,600 ) Net assets acquired in business combination ( 2,000,000 ) – Net cash used in investing activities ( 10,094,210 ) ( 9,488,702 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options 660,654 28,800 Repurchase of common stock ( 375,786 ) ( 495,045 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 284,868 ( 466,245 ) Net change in cash and restricted cash 42,641,525 12,992,173 Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period 122,343,186 109,351,013 Cash and restricted cash, end of period $ 164,984,711 $ 122,343,186 Cash and restricted cash reconciliation: Cash $ 21,067,651 $ 10,766,982 Restricted cash 143,917,060 111,576,204 Total cash and restricted cash $ 164,984,711 $ 122,343,186 Supplemental cash flow information: Non-cash assets acquired in business combination $ 13,558,637 $ – Non-cash liabilities incurred in business combination $ ( 7,608,637 ) $ – Common stock issued in business combination $ ( 5,950,000 ) $ – Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities, net $ 3,528,404 $ – Cash paid for taxes $ 414,186 $ 136,631 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. F- 7 PAYSIGN, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS AND HISTORY About Paysign, Inc. Paysign, Inc. (the “Company,” “Paysign,”
“we” or “our”) was incorporated on August 24, 1995, and trades under the symbol PAYS on The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC. Paysign is a provider of prepaid card programs, comprehensive patient affordability offerings, life science software technology solutions,
digital banking services and integrated payment processing designed for businesses, consumers and government entities. Headquartered in
Nevada, the Company creates customized, innovative payment solutions for clients across all industries, including pharmaceutical, healthcare,
hospitality and retail. 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles of Consolidation – The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated. Year End – The Company’s year-end
is December 31. Subsequent Events – The Company discloses
subsequent events that provide evidence about conditions that did not change the consolidated financial statements at the balance sheet
date but have a significant effect on the financial statements at the time of occurrence or on future operations of the Company. There
have been no subsequent events since the balance sheet date. Segment Reporting – The Company operates
as one business, a vertically integrated provider of prepaid card products and processing services. The Company’s chief operating
decision maker (“CODM”), who is the Company’s chief executive officer, utilizes a consolidated approach to assess the
performance of and allocate resources to the business. Accordingly, management has concluded that the Company consists of a single operating
segment and single reportable segment for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The CODM regularly assesses the performance of
the single operating and reporting segment based on consolidated net income. The CODM reviews expenses at a level consistent with those
reported in the Company’s consolidated statements of income. All significant expense categories are reflected in the consolidated
statements of income. The measure of segment assets is reflected in the consolidated statements of financial condition as total assets. F- 8 Use of Estimates – The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and (iii) the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents – The Company
considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash
equivalents for the purposes of the statement of cash flows. The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Restricted Cash – At December 31,
2025 and 2024, restricted cash consisted of funds held specifically for our card product and pharma patient affordability programs that
are contractually restricted to use. The Company includes changes in restricted cash balances with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling
the beginning and ending total amounts in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Reimbursement Receivables – At December
31, 2025 and 2024, accounts receivable included $ 62,366,232 and $ 27,566,694 , respectively, of customer reimbursement balances of pass-through
claims, which are fully offset in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Accounts receivable also include accruals and trade receivables
for program management and processing fees that have terms pursuant to their related contracts. The Company applied current accounting guidance
to evaluate whether its accounts receivable balances were subject to credit losses. A combination of aging and loss-rate methodologies
was used to estimate current expected credit losses. In developing this estimate, the Company considered a broad range of information,
including historical loss experience adjusted for current conditions and expectations of future trends. The evaluation also incorporated
qualitative and quantitative

