TICKER: PGEN
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain to appropriately and adequately supply Papzimeos for commercial and future clinical uses would adversely affect our ability to commercialize Papzimeos and our business and business prospects could be severely harmed. • We rely on third parties for certain aspects of the manufacture of our product, and we expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product or that such quantities may not be available at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or potential future commercialization efforts. • Even if we receive marketing approval of a product candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. • We have limited experience as a commercial company and the sales, marketing, and distribution of Papzimeos or any future approved products may be unsuccessful or less successful than anticipated. • The successful commercialization of product and our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which third-party payers provide coverage and adequate reimbursement levels. • Failure to comply with current or future federal, state and foreign laws and regulations and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection laws could lead to governmental enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation, and/or adverse publicity. Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy • If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. • We may be sued for product liability. • Our insurance policies are expensive and protect only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. • Competitors and potential competitors may develop products and technologies that make ours obsolete or garner greater market share than ours. • If we lose key personnel, including key management personnel, or are unable to attract and retain additional personnel, it could delay our product development programs, harm our research and development efforts, and we may be unable to continue to commercialize our product candidates. • If we experience a significant breach of data security or disruption in our information systems, our business could be adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property • Our ability to compete may decline if we do not adequately protect our proprietary technologies or intellectual property rights. • Litigation or other proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation could require us to spend significant time and money and could prevent us from commercializing our technologies or impact our stock price. • Enforcing our intellectual property rights may be difficult and unpredictable. Risks Related to Our Common Stock • We have failed in the past and may fail in the future to meet all applicable continued listing requirements of the 7 Table of Contents Nasdaq Global Select Market, which could result in a delisting of our common stock. • Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future. As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of research analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. • Our stock price is volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. • As of February 15, 2026, Randal J. Kirk controlled approximately 34 percent of our common stock and may be able to control or significantly influence shareholder votes and other corporate actions. • Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 8 Table of Contents PART I Item 1.    Business Overview We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the advancement of innovative precision medicines to improve the lives of patients. We are leveraging our proprietary technology platforms to develop product candidates designed to target urgent and intractable diseases in our core therapeutic areas of immuno-oncology, autoimmune disorders, and infectious diseases. We believe that our array of technology platforms uniquely positions us among other biotechnology companies to advance precision medicine. Precision medicine is the practice of therapeutic product development that takes into account specific genetic variations within populations impacted by a disease to design targeted therapies to improve outcomes for a disease or patient population. Our proprietary and complementary technology platforms provide a strong foundation to realize the core promise of precision medicine by supporting our efforts to construct powerful gene programs to drive efficacy, deliver these programs through viral, non-viral, and microbe-based approaches to drive lower costs, and control gene expression to drive safety. Our therapeutic platforms, including AdenoVerse immunotherapy, and UltraCAR-T, are designed to allow us to precisely control the level and physiological location of gene expression and modify biological molecules to control the function and output of living cells to treat underlying disease conditions. We have developed a proprietary electroporation device, UltraPorator, designed to further streamline and ensure the rapid and cost-effective manufacturing of UltraCAR-T therapies. In August 2025, the FDA granted full approval to our product, Papzimeos (zopapogene imadenovec-drba, PRGN-2012), for the treatment of adults with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis (RRP). RRP is a rare, debilitating, and potentially life-threatening disease caused by chronic human papillomavirus (HPV) 6 or HPV 11 infection, which results in recurrent benign tumors in the respiratory tract. Papzimeos is a non-replicating adenoviral vector-based immunotherapy designed to express a fusion antigen comprising selected regions of HPV types 6 and 11 proteins. Papzimeos is designed to generate an immune response directed against HPV 6 and HPV 11 proteins in patients with RRP. Our clinical pipeline includes PRGN-2009, which is based on our AdenoVerse immunotherapy platform; and PRGN-3005, PRGN-3006 and PRGN-3007, which are built on our UltraCAR-T platform. We have completed enrollment in the Phase 1b clinical trial of PRGN-3006. As part of the strategic prioritization of our pipeline we announced in August 2024 that we have paused enrollment in the PRGN-3005 and PRGN-3007 clinical trials.  In addition, we announced a plan to continue PRGN-2009 Phase 2 clinical trials under a cooperative research and development agreement ("CRADA") with the National Cancer Institute ("NCI") in recurrent/metastatic cervical cancer and in newly diagnosed HPV-associated oropharyngeal cancer. We exercise discipline in our portfolio management by systematically evaluating data from our preclinical programs in order to make rapid "go" and "no go" decisions. Through this process, we believe we can more effectively allocate resources to programs that we believe show the most promise and advance such programs to clinical trials. To guide our decision-making and operations, we have adopted the following tenets, which form the core of our operating ideology: • Financial Discipline . Responsibly allocate capital in an effort to ensure maximum value creation. • Active Portfolio Management . Continuously evaluate our portfolio and strictly adhere to data-driven "go" and "no go" decisions to advance programs with the highest probability of success. • Rapid Execution . Advance priority programs quickly to value inflection points. • Strategic Partnerships . Seek strategic partnerships to maximize value generation. Our Strategy Our strategy is to use our discovery and clinical development infrastructure to continue advancement of our clinical programs with the goal of improving outcomes for patients with significant unmet medical needs. The key elements of our strategy include: • Advancing our lead clinical stage programs and seeking opportunities to maximize their value. We are actively 9 Table of Contents advancing our lead programs that we believe have significant potential value. We intend to efficiently pursue these programs toward clinical proof-of-concept and commercialization, whether independently or with collaborators. • Strategically pursuing our preclinical programs. We are strategically focusing on selecting preclinical programs to create long-term value. We exercise discipline in our portfolio management by systematically evaluating data from our preclinical programs in order to make rapid "go" and "no go" decisions. Through this process, we believe we can more effectively allocate resources to programs that we believe show the most promise and advance such programs to clinical trials. • Leveraging our technology and therapeutic platforms across indications. Through the application of our suite of proprietary and complementary synthetic biology technologies, we believe we can create optimized biological processes and overcome the limitations of traditional techniques, leading to precision medicines that are manufactured more efficiently and cost-effectively with superior performance. We continually assess the application of these technologies across therapeutic areas to determine where we can develop and provide unique solutions to challenges facing existing therapies. We have strategically focused our efforts on developing an innovative pipeline of therapies based on our transformative AdenoVerse immunotherapy and UltraCAR-T therapeutic platforms. A core focus of our research and development programs has been an effort to address the drawbacks associated with conventional cell and gene therapy manufacturing approaches. To this end, we are developing therapeutic candidates that reduce manufacturing risk by eliminating the need for centralized cell therapy manufacturing and have invested in internal manufacturing capabilities to reduce manufacturing risk for our pipeline assets. 10 Table of Contents Our Clinical Pipeline Our Technology Platforms We leverage a diverse portfolio o f proprietary technology platforms to accelerate research and development efforts to deliver the promise of precision medicine. Precigen's innovative technology platforms enable us to construct powerful, multigenic programs that we believe will drive efficacy, deliver multigenic constructs using viral and non-viral approaches that we believe will drive lower costs, and control expression of genes and performance of therapeutics in vivo for precise targeting of complex malignancies. The following discussion describes the technology platforms that we use for our approach to precision medicine. We believe that the development of innovative biological products requires a deep understanding of the complexity of cellular processes and the construction of improved gene programs developed in conditions reflective of the natural environment. We accomplish the design of optimized gene programs for our therapeutic approaches via our UltraVector platform that incorporates advanced DNA construction technologies and computational models to design and assemble genetic components into complex gene expression programs. UltraVector-enabled matrices facilitate rapid identification of components that yield desired gene expression. Our library of characterized genetic components and associated functional characterization data enables construction of gene programs for optimized expression of multiple effector genes. Expression of our membrane-bound interleukin-15, or mbIL15, gene improves functional characteristics of certain immune cells, including T-cells, by enhancing their potential for expansion and persistence. 11 Table of Contents We deliver gene programs via viral, non-viral, and microbe-based approaches, including Sleeping Beauty , AttSite recombinases, and gorilla adenoviral vectors, from our AdenoVerse library. Sleeping Beauty is a non-viral transposon/transposase system licensed from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center that stably reprograms immune cells by inserting specific DNA sequences into their genome. The Sleeping Beauty system has been shown to promote random integration in the genome without insertion bias, which contrasts with the predilection of other viral and non-viral methods such as lentiviral vectors and the PiggyBac transposon system for integration at transcriptionally active sites. We believe that our non-viral system may confer benefits including a reduction of the risk of genotoxicity. Precigen has made significant improvements to the Sleeping Beauty system by optimizing gene elements, genetic payload capacity, and efficiency of delivery, which provides a system tailored to our multigenic UltraCAR-T platform. Our AttSite recombinases, which break and rejoin DNA at specific sequences in unidirectional, irreversible fashion to direct integration of a transgene into the host cell genome, allow for stable, site-specific gene integration. The UltraPorator system includes proprietary hardware and software solutions and potentially represents major advancements over current electroporation devices by significantly reducing the processing time and contamination risk. UltraPorator is designed for rapid and cost-effective manufacturing of UltraCAR-T therapies and has the potential to enable rapid manufacturing of a range of gene and cell therapies beyond UltraCAR-T. Genetically engineered adenoviruses (a common group of viruses) called adenovectors that are designed to insert genes into cells are an important part of our technology platforms. Our AdenoVerse technology platform is composed of a library of engineered adenovector serotypes that yield greater tissue specificity and target selection as compared to known human Ad5 adenovectors. This includes our gorilla adenovectors, which provide a potential competitive advantage with their large payload capacity, ability for repeat administrations and generation of robust antigen-specific immune responses. The final component of our approach to precision medicine is our ability to control gene expression and regulation using the RheoSwitch, kill switches, and tissue-specific promoters. The RheoSwitch Therapeutic System, our inducible gene switch system, provides quantitative dose-proportionate regulation of the amount and timing of target protein expression in response to an orally available activator ligand. We have developed kill switches, which allow us to selectively eliminate cell therapies in vivo after their administration, to improve their safety profile. We are developing tissue-specific promoters to only induce gene expression locally in cells or tissues of therapeutic interest. We have leveraged our proprietary and complementary technology platforms discussed above and our expertise in immunology to develop key therapeutic platforms, including UltraCAR-T and AdenoVerse, to address multiple pathways of complex disorders with significant unmet medical needs and to realize our core promise of precision medicine. Our Therapeutic Platforms AdenoVerse Our AdenoVerse platform utilizes a library of proprietary adenovectors for the efficient gene delivery of therapeutic effectors, immunomodulators, and vaccine antigens. We have established proprietary manufacturing cell lines and production methodologies from our AdenoVerse platform, which we believe are scalable for commercial supply. We believe that our proprietary gorilla adenovectors, part of the AdenoVerse technology, have superior performance characteristics as compared to current competition, including standard human adenovirus serotype 5, or Ad5, rare human adenovirus types and other non-human primate adenovirus types. The key advantages of AdenoVerse platform include: Large genetic payload capacity 12 Table of Contents Our gorilla adenovectors have a larger genetic payload capacity than other viral vectors that currently dominate the gene therapy field, allowing us to engineer multigenic therapeutic candidates to treat complex diseases. Currently, we are able to engineer up to a 12kb genetic payload using our gorilla adenovectors, providing us with an advantage to express multiple genes in a controlled manner. Repeat administration Unlike most competing approaches, our gorilla adenovectors are suitable for repeat administration, which can lead to boosted antibody and T-cell responses. This suitability for repeat administration stems from the very low to non-existent seroprevalence of and limited immunity to gorilla adenoviruses in the human population. For example, our gorilla adenovector variant GC46 has been shown to have a seroprevalence of less than 6 percent in the United States, with low seropositive titers. In comparison, the seroprevalence of Ad5 in the United States is estimated to be 58 percent, with most of seropositive individuals having high titers. This high Ad5 seroprevalence limits the effectiveness of Ad5-based adenovectors in clinical studies. The rare and weak pre-existing immunity against gorilla adenovectors may therefore provide an advantage in clinical applications as compared to existing competition. Replication incompetence Our gorilla adenovectors are engineered and manufactured using a process that ensures the production of replication incompetent adenoviral therapeutic candidates with no cytopathic or cytotoxic effect in normal human cells. This has been achieved by engineering deletions of two regions essential for replication of the adenoviral genome. The use of a proprietary complementing cell line provides the necessary genetic elements for manufacture of AdenoVerse immunotherapy candidates. We believe our AdenoVerse immunotherapy candidates have reduced regulatory and commercialization risk due to their design, which renders them incapable of replicating and therefore less susceptible to manufacturing failures. Furthermore, our gorilla adenovector manufacturing process has yielded therapeutic candidates at a very high titer and has reduced the complexity of manufacturing. Durable antigen-specific immune response Gorilla adenovectors have been shown in preclinical studies to generate high-level and durable antigen-specific neutralizing antibodies and effector T-cell immune responses, as well as an ability to boost these antibody and T-cell responses via repeat administration. cGMP Manufacturing Facility We have built internal cGMP manufacturing capabilities for our AdenoVerse-based therapeutics in Germantown, Maryland, with the aim to reduce the risks associated with technology transfer and timing when outsourcing to contract manufacturing organizations. We are able to execute drug substance manufacturing at this facility in an expedited manner at reduced cost compared to contract manufacturing organizations. We expanded our drug substance cGMP manufacturing capabilities at this facility to support the commercial launch of Papzimeos. We will continue to evaluate internal and external strategies to support cGMP manufacturing needs of our AdenoVerse-based therapeutics . Precigen's most advanced programs based on the AdenoVerse immunotherapy platform include: (i) Papzimeos, a non-replicating adenoviral vector-based immunotherapy designed to generate an immune response directed against HPV 6 and HPV 11 proteins in patients with RRP; and (ii) PRGN-2009, an investigational off-the-shelf AdenoVerse immunotherapy designed to activate the immune system to recognize and target HPV-associated cancers, which is in Phase 2 clinical trials for patients with HPV-associated cancers. Papzimeos (zopapogene imadenovec-drba, PRGN-2012) - Our FDA Approved Commercial Product Papzimeos (zopapogene imadenovec-drba, PRGN-2012) is a non-replicating adenoviral vector-based immunotherapy designed to express a fusion antigen comprising selected regions of HPV types 6 and 11 proteins—the root cause of RRP. RRP is a rare, debilitating, and potentially life-threatening disease of the upper and lower respiratory tract caused by chronic HPV 6 or HPV 11 infection. RRP can lead to severe voice disturbance, compromised airways, and recurrent post-obstructive pneumonia. Although rare, RRP has the potential for transformation to malignant cancer and can be fatal. Management of RRP has primarily consisted of repeated surgeries, which do not address the underlying cause of the disease and can be associated with significant morbidity as well as significant patient and health system burden. As the number of lifetime surgeries increases, 13 Table of Contents the risk for irreversible iatrogenic laryngeal injury increases with each surgery, and patients may undergo hundreds of these surgeries over their lifetimes. RRP can impact patients' work and social lives, financial stability, and mental health. Patients with RRP can experience substantial impacts to daily living with decreased quality of life and high health care utilization. In August 2025, FDA granted full approval to Papzimeos for the treatment of adults with RRP. The Papzimeos approval marks a historic milestone for the RRP patient community as the first and only FDA-approved therapy for the treatment of adults with RRP. We completed submission of the rolling Biologics License Application (BLA) in December 2024 under an accelerated approval pathway; however, the FDA has granted Papzimeos full approval. As a result of Papzimeos receiving full FDA approval, a confirmatory clinical trial is no longer required. The Papzimeos FDA approval was supported by data from the open-label, single-arm, pivotal study in adult patients with RRP: • The pivotal study successfully met its primary safety and pre-specified primary efficacy endpoints. • 51% (18 out of 35) of study patients achieved Complete Response, requiring no surgeries in the 12 months after treatment with Papzimeos. These Complete Responses remained durable for over 12 months. Of the 18 patients with a Complete Response in the ongoing study, 15 patients have demonstrated continued Complete Response at median follow-up duration of 36 months. • Papzimeos was well-tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities and no treatment-related adverse events greater than Grade 2. • Papzimeos induced HPV 6/11-specific T cell responses in RRP study patients with a significantly greater expansion of peripheral HPV-specific T cells in responders compared with non-responders. The Pivotal Phase 1/2 clinical trial (clinical trial identifier: NCT04724980) evaluated safety and efficacy of Papzimeos. The study design included an initial 3+3 dose escalation cohort to identify the recommended Phase 2 dose ("RP2D"). Adult RRP patients who had three or more surgeries in the prior 12 months were eligible for the study. The study enrolled a total of 38 patients who were treated with subcutaneous injections of Papzimeos over a 12-week period. Of the 38 patients, 3 patients were treated with Papzimeos at a dose of 1×10 11 particle units ("PU") per injection. Thirty-five patients were treated at a dose of 5×10 11 PU per injection and were included in the efficacy evaluation. Primary endpoints included safety and Complete Response rate defined as the percentage of patients who require no RRP surgeries in the 12-month period after PRGN-2012 treatment completion. The demographic characteristics of the population were as follows: the median age was 50 years (range 20 to 88 years), 15 patients (39%) were female, 33 patients (87%) were White, 1 patient (3%) was Asian, 1 patient (3%) was African American, 1 patient (3%) was of “other” race, 2 patients (5%) were of unknown race, and 32 patients (84%) were non-Hispanic or Latino. 14 Table of Contents The mean (Standard Deviation) BMI was 28 (6) kg/m 2 . The median number of baseline surgical procedures performed in the 12 months prior to treatment was 4 (range 3 to 10). Papzimeos treatment was well-tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities and no treatment-related adverse events ("TRAEs") greater than Grade 2. All patients received four administrations of Papzimeos at the intended dose levels. TRAEs were mostly mild with no treatment-related serious adverse events reported. The most common adverse reactions (incidence ≥5%) included injection site reaction, fatigue, chills, pyrexia, myalgia, nausea, headache, tachycardia, diarrhea, vomiting and hyperhidrosis. At a dose of 5×10 11 PU per injection, 18 out of 35 patients achieved a complete response at 12 months resulting in a complete response rate of 51% [95% confidence interval ("CI") 34 to 69%]. Complete responses after Papzimeos treatment have been durable. Of the 18 patients with a complete response in the ongoing study, 15 demonstrated continued complete response with median duration of follow-up at 36 months (range: 27 to 37) as of September 19, 2025 data cutoff date. Median durability of response has yet to be reached. Papzimeos treatment induced HPV 6/11-specific T cell responses in RRP patients with a significantly greater expansion of peripheral HPV-specific T cells observed in responders compared with non-responders. In 28 patients evaluated at completion of treatment, the induction of HPV 6- and HPV 11-specific T cell responses was higher in RRP patients demonstrating a clinical response to treatment, i.e. reduction in or elimination of the requirement for surgical debulking during the 12 months following completion of treatment, with mean fold-change from baseline of 164.9 versus 5.1 (p<0.018). This difference persisted at 12 weeks post-treatment, with mean fold-change of 61.5 in responders versus 11.5 in non-responders. Following the FDA-approval, we launched Papzimeos in the United States as the first and only FDA approved treatment for adults with RRP. We estimate that there are approximately 27,000 adults patients in the United States living with RRP. Commercial readiness efforts had been underway prior to the FDA approval of Papzimeos. We had selected Eversana, a leading provider of commercialization services to the global life sciences industry, to support launch strategy and commercialization of Papzimeos in the United States. In the United States, prior to FDA approval and Papzimeos launch, our Medical Science Liaisons had been interacting with health care professionals (“HCPs”) for appropriate scientific exchange related to RRP. Additionally, a team of National Account Directors and Key Account Directors organized many Pre-Approval Information Exchange (PIE) meetings with payers and population health decision makers at large hospital systems, in order to help prepare 15 Table of Contents for ultimate market entry. We have established Papzimeos Support, a comprehensive patient support program to offer personalized services, including insurance navigation, financial assistance, and ongoing access support. Our field sales team was onboarded and fully deployed immediately following FDA approval, and continues to engage with large Integrated Delivery Networks (IDNs) as well as community physicians treating RRP patients. Our market access team has successfully secured private health plan coverage with approximately ~215 million lives covered to date, including the majority of leading insurers. Papzimeos is also covered under Medicare and Medicaid. Papzimeos early demand is consistent with internal expectations, with patients being treated nationwide within IDN and community settings. Papzimeos had been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Orphan Drug designation for the treatment of RRP by the FDA. In addition, zopapogene imadenovec-drba has received Orphan Drug Designation for the Treatment of RRP from the European Commission as well. We submitted a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”) for zopapogene imadenovec-drba for the treatment of adults with RRP to the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) in November 2025. The MAA has been validated by the EMA and is currently under review. PRGN-2009 PRGN-2009, an investigational non-replicating adenoviral vector-based immunotherapy, based on our AdenoVerse platform, is designed to activate the immune system to recognize and target HPV+ solid tumors. PRGN-2009 leverages our UltraVector and AdenoVerse platforms to optimize HPV type 16, or HPV16, and HPV type 18, or HPV18, antigen design for delivery via a proprietary gorilla adenovector with a large genetic payload capacity and the ability for repeat administrations. Guided by our bioinformatics analysis and in silico protein engineering, PRGN-2009 encodes for a novel, multi-epitope antigen design to target HPV16 and HPV18 infected cells and potentially differentiates from the competition. PRGN-2009 has been engineered using our AdenoVerse platform to be replication deficient in vivo . HPV infections account for 5 percent of all cancers globally, and 690,000 new cancer cases are attributable to HPV infections per year.  HPV-related cancers include cervical, oropharyngeal, anal, penile, vaginal, and vulvar. Approximately 39,000 HPV-associated cancers are estimated to occur in the United States each year. HPV is considered responsible for more than 90% of anal and cervical cancers, approximately 75% of vaginal cancers, 70% vulvar cancers, more than 60% of penile cancers, and approximately 70% of cancers of the oropharynx. We have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial of PRGN-2009 as a monotherapy or in combination with bintrafusp alfa, or M7824, an investigational bifunctional fusion protein, for patients with HPV-associated cancers in collaboration with the National Cancer Institute, or NCI, pursuant to a cooperative research and development arrangement, or CRADA. PRGN-2009 is being evaluated in two Phase 2 clinical trials for patients with newly-diagnosed HPV-associated oropharyngeal cancer cancers in collaboration with NCI pursuant to a CRADA. The first Phase 2 clinical trial is designed to evaluate PRGN-2009 in combination with anti-PD1 antibody, pembrolizumab, in adult patients with newly-diagnosed HPV-associated oropharyngeal cancer.  The primary objective of the study is to determine if there is an increase in CD3+ tumor infiltrating T cells post treatment compared with pre-treatment. Secondary objectives include safety and overall survival. The second Phase 2 clinical trial is designed to evaluate PRGN-2009 in combination with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in adult patients with newly-diagnosed HPV-associated oropharyngeal cancer. The primary objective of the study is to determine the rate of pathological complete response rates in patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone or in combination with PRGN-2009. Secondary objectives include safety and recurrence free survival. PRGN-2009 is also being evaluated in a randomized, open-label Phase 2 clinical trial of in combination with pembrolizumab to treat patients with recurrent or metastatic, or R/M, cervical cancer. Patients in the Phase 2 trial will be randomized 1:1 to the combination of PRGN-2009 and pembrolizumab (cohort 1) or pembrolizumab monotherapy (cohort 2). Patients randomized to the PRGN-2009 plus pembrolizumab cohort will receive PRGN-2009 via subcutaneous (SC) injection (5 x 10 11 PU every 3 weeks for three administrations followed by administration each 6 weeks thereafter). Patients in the PRGN-2009 plus pembrolizumab cohort and pembrolizumab monotherapy cohort will receive pembrolizumab via intravenous (IV) infusion (400 mg every 6 weeks). Patients randomized to the pembrolizumab monotherapy cohort will be offered the option to crossover to the PRGN-2009 plus pembrolizumab cohort if certain conditions are met. The primary objective of the Phase 2 trial in R/M cervical cancer is to assess the objective response rate (ORR) per RECIST v1.1 following treatment with PRGN-2009 in combination with pembrolizumab or pembrolizumab monotherapy. Secondary objectives include the evaluation of safety and tolerability, progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), best overall 16 Table of Contents responses (BOR), Disease Control Rate (DCR), time to response and duration of response. The Phase 2 trial in R/M cervical cancer is enrolling patients with two additional clinical sites active in addition to NCI. UltraCAR-T Recent technological advances have revolutionized the field of immunotherapy for the treatment of cancer. Of the many immunotherapy approaches, chimeric antigen receptor T, or CAR-T, cell therapies in particular have shown remarkable responses in cancer patients with hematological malignancies. These therapies rely on the genetic modification of T-cells to express chimeric antigen receptors and enable these modified T-cells to bind to specific antigens on the patient's tumor cells and kill the tumor cells. Concerns remain, however, regarding complex and lengthy manufacturing processes and the safety profile of CAR-T cell therapies. Furthermore, current autologous and allogeneic CAR-T cell therapies face challenges in the treatment of solid tumors due to rapid exhaustion and limited in vivo persistence of CAR-T cells. Current approaches to CAR-T manufacturing require extensive ex vivo expansion following viral vector transduction to achieve clinically relevant cell numbers. We believe such an ex vivo expansion process can result in the exhaustion of CAR-T cells prior to their administration, limiting their potential for persistence in patients after administration. Furthermore, the lengthy and complex manufacturing of current CAR-T approaches results in high manufacturing costs and long delays in providing the CAR-T treatment to cancer patients. Time is of the essence for advanced cancer patients and even modest delays in treatment can adversely affect outcomes. Our UltraCAR-T platform differentiates from the competition, and we believe it has the potential to address the shortcomings of current technologies and disrupt the CAR-T treatment landscape by increasing patient access through shortening manufacturing time from weeks to days, decreasing manufacturing-related costs, and improving outcomes. We advanced the UltraCAR-T platform to address the inhibitory tumor microenvironment by incorporating intrinsic checkpoint blockade without the need for complex and expensive gene editing techniques. The next generation of UltraCAR-T utilizes a single multicistronic transposon DNA and our overnight, decentralized manufacturing process of UltraCAR-T. We have introduced our vision for a new UltraCAR-T library approach, which is intended to transform the personalized cell therapy landscape for cancer patients. Our goal is to develop and validate a library of non-viral plasmids to target tumor-associated antigens. Enabled by what we believe to be design and manufacturing advantages of UltraCAR-T, coupled with the capabilities of the UltraPorator system, we are working to empower cancer centers to deliver personalized, autologous UltraCAR-T treatment with overnight manufacturing to any cancer patient. If our goal is realized, one or more non-viral plasmids could be selected based on the patient's cancer indication and biomarker profile from the library to build a personalized UltraCAR-T treatment. After initial treatment, this approach has the potential to allow for redosing of UltraCAR-T targeting the same or new tumor-associated antigens based on the treatment response and the changes in antigen expression of the patient's tumor. 17 Table of Contents The key advantages of UltraCAR-T versus the traditional CAR-T approaches include: Advanced non-viral multigenic delivery system We have optimized and advanced the Sleeping Beauty system using our UltraVector DNA construction platform to produce multigenic UltraCAR-T cells. As a result of this optimization, our UltraCAR-T cells are precision-engineered to produce a homogeneous cell product that simultaneously co-expresses antigen-specific CAR, kill switch, and mbIL15 genes in any genetically modified UltraCAR-T cell. We recently introduced the next generation UltraCAR-T platform that addresses the inhibitory tumor microenvironment by incorporating a novel mechanism for intrinsic downregulation of one or more checkpoint inhibitor, or CPI, genes. This design achieves intrinsic CPI blockade without gene editing and is aimed at avoiding systemic toxicity and the high cost of combining CPI antibodies. The next generation UltraCAR-T cells simultaneously express CAR, mbIL15, and a kill switch, and incorporate intrinsic CPI blockade using a single multicistronic non-viral transposon. This design differentiates our UltraCAR-T platform from the approaches used by our competitors and, we believe, reduces the developmental risk as compared to those approaches because product homogeneity is a critical consideration for later stages of clinical development and subsequent commercialization. We utilize our protein engineering and immunology expertise to optimize antigen binding, hinge, and signaling domains of each CAR based on the target antigen expression profile and cancer indication. We have also included our proprietary kill switch technology in our UltraCAR-T cells to improve the safety profile. Enhanced persistence and elimination of ex vivo expansion step due to expression of mbIL15 A key driver of improved UltraCAR-T cell performance is mbIL15. The expression of mbIL15 has been shown to enhance in vivo expansion of UltraCAR-T cells in the presence of tumor antigens and prevent T-cell exhaustion to maintain a less differentiated, stem-cell like memory phenotype leading to longer persistence of UltraCAR-T cells. This yields an enduring anti-tumor response that has been shown to outlast conventional CAR-T cells in preclinical studies, which we believe is essential to successfully targeting solid tumors. This design allows us to eliminate the need for ex vivo expansion prior to administration, a requirement that is a major limitation of current CAR-T treatments. Scalable, rapid, decentralized manufacturing process Another key differentiator of the UltraCAR-T therapeutic platform is our rapid and decentralized proprietary manufacturing process, which allows us to manufacture UltraCAR-T cells overnight at a medical center's current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, facility and reinfuse the patient the following day after gene transfer. This process improves upon current approaches to CAR-T manufacturing, which require extensive ex vivo expansion following viral vector transduction that we believe can result in the exhaustion of CAR-T cells prior to their administration, limiting their potential for persistence in patients. The decentralized nature of the manufacturing process allows us to scale beyond the confines of a dedicated facility. We believe we are the first company to validate non-viral, rapid, decentralized manufacturing of CAR-T cells in the clinic by infusing patients one day after gene transfer at two different sites in our ongoing clinical trials. We believe UltraCAR-T is the only autologous CAR-T platform with manufacturing, quality control release and infusion back to the patient, occurring in one day. 18 Table of Contents We have developed a proprietary electroporation device, UltraPorator, designed to further streamline and ensure the rapid and cost-effective manufacturing of UltraCAR-T therapies. The UltraPorator system, intended to be a viable scale-up and commercialization solution for decentralized UltraCAR-T manufacturing, includes proprietary hardware and software solutions and potentially represents major advancements over current electroporation devices by significantly reducing processing time and contamination risk. The FDA has cleared UltraPorator as a manufacturing device for clinical trials of our UltraCAR-T investigational therapies. We believe our UltraCAR-T manufacturing process will provide a significant potential competitive advantage in the timeline and cost required to manufacture and deliver CAR-T therapies to patients as compared to current treatment approaches that require large, centralized facilities to support manufacturing of a relatively small number of treatments. We believe development of rapid and successful overnight manufacturing of UltraCAR-T therapies at medical centers signifies a paradigm shift in CAR-T therapy by eliminating manufacturing and timing risks associated with conventional CAR-T therapies, and our intent is for it to take place directly in numerous treatment centers, which can improve the accessibility of our therapies for patients. Precigen's most advanced program based on the UltraCAR-T platform is PRGN-3006, which has completed enrollment in a Phase 1b clinical trial for patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia, or AML. PRGN-3006 PRGN-3006 is an investigational autologous CAR-T therapy that utilizes our UltraCAR-T platform to express a CAR to target CD33, mbIL15 and a kill switch for better precision and control. 19 Table of Contents CD33, also known as Siglec-3, is a single pass transmembrane glycoprotein and a member of the sialic acid-binding immunoglobulin-like lectin super-family. CD33 is an attractive target for immunotherapy because it is over-expressed on AML blasts and leukemic stem cells, or LSCs, but is not expressed on normal blood stem cells, also known as hematopoietic stem cells. Approximately 85-90 percent of AML patients express CD33 on their tumor cells. In addition to broad expression on AML blasts, CD33 is expressed on LSCs underlying AML. LSCs are thought to be more resistant to chemotherapy treatment and to be capable of reinitiating the disease resulting in high relapse rates for AML. In healthy subjects, CD33 is primarily expressed on normal myeloid precursors, colony-forming cells, monocytes, and maturing granulocytes. Because CD33 is not expressed outside the hematopoietic system or on normal hematopoietic stem cells, it is an attractive target for treatment of AML. AML is among the most common types of leukemia in adults with approximately 22,000 AML patients diagnosed in the United States annually. AML is a heterogeneous disease with 50-70 percent relapse rates and rapid progression. The prognosis for patients with AML is poor, with an average five-year survival rate of approximately 25 percent overall, and less than a 5 percent five‐year survival rate for patients older than 65. More than 10,000 cases of higher-risk MDS are diagnosed annually in the United States. Due to the aggressive nature of AML progression, rapid availability of treatment is of even greater importance in this patient population, and our non-viral UltraCAR-T manufacturing process would represent a significant potential advantage over current approaches that require long lead times for manufacturing. PRGN-3006 is in a Phase 1/1b clinical trial designed to enroll in two phases, an initial dose escalation phase (Phase 1) followed by a dose expansion phase (Phase 1b). We have completed Phase 1 dose escalation portion and completed enrollment in Phase 1b portion of the trial. The Phase 1 portion of this study is a dual-arm, non-randomized, dose-escalation clinical trial where PRGN-3006 is delivered via intravenous infusion. The patient population included patients with relapsed or refractory AML, or r/r AML, higher-risk MDS, and CMML. In the Phase 1 3+3 dose escalation portion, patients are treated in one of the two arms: patients in Cohort 1, or No Lymphodepletion arm, receive UltraCAR-T cell infusion without prior lymphodepletion, and patients in Cohort 2, or Lymphodepletion arm, receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy prior to UltraCAR-T infusion. The primary objective included assessment of safety of PRGN-3006 and determination of the MTD. The Phase 1 study enrolled a total of 26 patients (N=10 non-lymphodepletion; N=16 with lymphodepletion) and included 21 patients with r/r AML, 2 patients with chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML), and 3 patients with MDS. The median age was 60.5 years (range: 32-77). Patients were heavily pre-treated with a median of 3.5 prior regimens (range: 1-9) and 58% of patients (N=15) had prior allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT). Patients treated in the non-lymphodepletion cohort and lymphodepletion cohort received a single administration of 1.8 to 50 x 106 and 4.4 to 83 x 106 UltraCAR-T cells via IV infusion, respectively. In both the non-lymphodepletion (Cohort 1) and the lymphodepletion (Cohort 2) cohorts, PRGN-3006 was well-tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs) reported. The majority of treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were either Grade 1 or 2. There was only one transient Grade 3 CRS reported in each cohort with the Cohort 2 event subsequently downgraded to Grade 1 by the investigator. Incidence of immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) was rare with one Grade 1 event and one Grade 2 event in Cohort 1 and Cohort 2, respectively. Excellent dose-dependent expansion and persistence of PRGN-3006 in peripheral blood and bone marrow was observed following a single infusion in both the non-lymphodepletion and lymphodepletion cohorts highlighting the ability of UltraCAR- 20 Table of Contents T cells to engraft and survive even in the absence of lymphodepletion. Higher peak expansion (> 10 fold) in peripheral blood was observed in the lymphodepletion cohort compared to non-lymphodepletion cohort at the same dose level. In the lymphodepletion cohort (Cohort 2), an objective response rate (ORR) of 27% (3 out of 11) was reported for heavily pre-treated r/r AML patients with poor prognosis (median prior treatments: 4; range: 1-9). A disease control rate (DCR) of 45% (5 out of 11) was reported at day 28 for r/r AML patients and 100% of MDS patients, respectively. Additionally, of the 15 evaluable patients in the lymphodepletion cohort (Cohort 2), 60% (9 out of 15) heavily pre-treated patients had a reduction in bone marrow blasts following a single PRGN-3006 infusion, with 4 patients experiencing a substantial decrease to ≤5%. Analysis of peripheral blood samples post PRGN-3006 infusion showed gene expression changes consistent with improvement in the immune compartment function for anti-tumor effect in responders. There was an increase in cytotoxicity, costimulatory signaling, and lymphoid compartment and decreased apoptosis pathway scores in the lymphodepletion cohort on Days 14 and 28 post PRGN-3006 treatment compared to baseline. Based on the results of correlative studies of the patient samples from the Phase 1/1b study, we have identified clinical biomarkers that correlate to objective responses after PRGN-3006 treatment in r/r AML patients. This advancement may further enable patient stratification and positively impact efficacy. We have completed enrollment in the Phase 1b dose expansion study. We are preparing for an end of Phase 1b meeting with the FDA to discuss the results and next steps. We plan to focus on strategic partnership opportunities to advance PRGN-3006 UltraCAR-T program in AML. PRGN-3006 has been granted Orphan Drug designation in patients with AML and Fast Track Designation in patients with r/r AML by the FDA. PRGN-3005 PRGN-3005 is an investigational autologous CAR-T therapy that utilizes our UltraCAR-T platform to simultaneously express a CAR targeting the unshed portion of the Mucin 16 antigen, or MUC16, mbIL15, and kill switch genes. MUC16 is an extremely large, type I transmembrane cell surface glycoprotein that plays a key role in the pathogenesis of ovarian cancer by promoting an increase in cell proliferation, metastasis, resistance to chemotherapy and immune system evasion by cancer cells. MUC16 is overexpressed on more than 80 percent of ovarian tumors but has limited expression in healthy tissues, making it an attractive CAR-T target for ovarian cancer. Other cancers with known overexpression of MUC16 include pancreatic, breast, endometrial, lung, and bladder cancers. MUC16 undergoes proteolytic cleavage in the extracellular domain resulting in shedding of a large portion of extracellular domain, termed CA125, from the cell surface and leaving only a short, unshed extracellular domain tethered to the cell surface. Therapies that target the region of MUC16 that is shed from the cell surface may have limited effectiveness due to their binding to CA125 in circulation which is not associated with tumor cells. In order to eliminate binding to circulating CA125, we have designed our MUC16 CAR using an antigen binding domain that specifically binds the unshed portion of MUC16 and optimized its affinity to preferentially target PRGN-3005 to tumor cells. 21 Table of Contents Advanced ovarian cancer is often fatal, with Stage IV survival rates as low as 20 percent, and has limited treatment options. Patients with ovarian cancer represent a large population, with approximately 325,000 patients diagnosed worldwide annually, including approximately 21,000 in the United States alone. PRGN-3005 is in a 1/1b clinical trial designed to enroll in two phases, an initial dose escalation phase (Phase 1) followed by a dose expansion phase (Phase 1b). We have completed the Phase 1 dose escalation portion of the PRGN-3005 Phase 1/1b study. The Phase 1 portion of the study is a dual-arm, non-randomized, open-label clinical trial in patients with advanced, recurrent platinum-resistant ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. Patients in the Phase 1 dose escalation trial received either intraperitoneal, or IP (Arm 1), or intravenous, or IV (Arm 2), administration of PRGN-3005 without prior lymphodepletion. After receiving FDA clearance, we incorporated a cohort with lymphodepletion at Dose Level 3 of the IV arm in the Phase 1 study. The primary objectives of the Phase 1 trial included assessment of safety and maximum tolerated dose, or MTD, of PRGN-3005. The Phase 1 study enrolled a total of 27 patients (N=12 IP; N=6 IV; and N=9 IV with lymphodepletion). Patients were heavily pretreated with a median of greater than or equal to 8 prior lines of therapy across all arms. Patients had significantly advanced stage disease with a high baseline tumor burden with most patients having distant metastases, including liver, spleen, bladder and lung. PRGN-3005 treatment was well-tolerated with low incidence of treatment related adverse events (TRAEs), no dose limiting toxicities (DLTs), and no neurotoxicity. The most common side effects for the IV and IP arms without lymphodepletion were abdominal pain, fever and decreased absolute lymphocyte count (ALC). Serious Adverse Events included five incidences of Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS), with no incidence of CRS greater than Grade 2. One patient with CRS required specific intervention which was resolved following standard CRS management after 24 hours. There was no use of tocilizumab or dexamethasone or kill switch. PRGN-3005 administered via either IP or IV infusion resulted in a dose-dependent expansion and encouraging persistence in peripheral blood. Best responses in patients treated without lymphodepletion were stable disease with complete responses observed in certain individual target lesions. Incorporating lymphodepletion prior to IV infusion led to an encouraging anti-tumor activity with a decrease in tumor burden in 67% (6/9) of patients and stable or partial response in 90% of the individual target lesions in these patients. Subsequently, we initiated the Phase 1b dose expansion study of PRGN-3005 UltraCAR-T at Dose Level 3 with lymphodepletion prior to IV infusion. As part of the strategic prioritization of our pipeline announced in August 2024, we have paused enrollment in the Phase 1b clinical trial of PRGN-3005. 22 Table of Contents PRGN-3007 PRGN-3007 is an investigational autologous CAR-T therapy that utilizes the next generation UltraCAR-T platform to express a CAR to target ROR1, mbIL15, kill switch, and a novel mechanism for the intrinsic blockade of the programmed death 1, or PD-1, gene expression. ROR1 is a type I orphan-receptor that is expressed during embryogenesis and by certain hematological and solid tumors but is undetectable on normal adult tissues. ROR1 in malignancies is aberrantly expressed in B-cell malignancies such as B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B-ALL, diffuse large cell B-cell lymphoma, or DLBCL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, or CLL, and mantle cell lymphoma, or MCL. Furthermore, upregulated expression has been detected in various solid tumors, including ovarian cancer, breast adenocarcinomas encompassing triple negative breast cancer, or TNBC, pancreatic cancer, Ewing's sarcoma and lung adenocarcinoma. The increased expression of ROR1 in hematological and solid tumor malignancies has been associated with tumor proliferation, metastasis and poor clinical outcomes. The PD-1/programmed death ligand 1, or PD-L1, pathway plays a vital role in how tumor cells evade immune response. While the blockade of the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway has demonstrated considerable benefit for treating various cancers, the use of systemic CPI can lead to side effects associated with autoimmune response. The innovative design of PRGN-3007, where the blockade of PD-1 expression is intrinsic and localized to UltraCAR-T cells, is aimed at avoiding systemic toxicity and the high cost of CPI by eliminating the need for combination treatment. The Phase 1/1b clinical trial is designed as an open-label study designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of PRGN-3007 in patients with advanced ROR1 + hematological (Arm 1) and solid (Arm 2) tumors. The target patient population for Arm 1 includes relapsed or refractory CLL, relapsed or refractory MCL, relapsed or refractory B-ALL, and relapsed or refractory DLBCL. The target patient population for Arm 2 includes locally advanced unresectable or metastatic histologically confirmed TNBC. The study will enroll in two parts: an initial 3+3 dose escalation in each arm followed by a dose expansion at the maximum tolerated dose. As part of the strategic prioritization of our pipeline announced in August 2024, we have paused enrollment in the Phase 1 clinical trial of PRGN-3007. Preclinical Programs We have a robust pipeline of preclinical programs in order to drive long-term value creation. Our pipeline includes product candidates based on UltraCAR-T and "off-the-shelf" AdenoVerse immunotherapy therapeutic platforms. We expect to continue development of a number of potential product candidates in our preclinical pipeline and, consistent with our commitment to actively manage our portfolio programs, we exercise discipline in our portfolio management by systematically evaluating data from our preclinical programs in order to make rapid "go" and "no go" decisions. Through this process, we believe we can more effectively allocate resources to programs that we believe show the most promise and advance such programs to clinical trials. Precigen ActoBio (ActoBio) ActoBio developed a proprietary class of microbe-based biopharmaceuticals designed to enable expression and local delivery of disease-modifying therapeutics. We refer to these microbe-based biopharmaceuticals as ActoBiotics. In 2024, the Company completed the shutdown of ActoBio's operations. ActoBio’s lead asset, AG019, is a disease modifying antigen-specific, investigational immunotherapy for the prevention, delay, or reversal of type 1 diabetes mellitus, or T1D. We have completed a Phase 1b/2a clinical trial of AG019 in patients with early-onset T1D. In connection with the shutdown of ActioBio's operations, ActoBio's portfolio of intellectual property is now available for prospective transactions. 23 Table of Contents Precigen Exemplar Exemplar is committed to enabling the study of life-threatening human diseases through the development of MiniSwine Yucatan miniature pig research models and services. Historically, researchers have lacked animal models that faithfully represent human diseases. As a result, a sizeable barrier has blocked progress in the discovery of human disease mechanisms; novel diagnostics, procedures, devices, prevention strategies and therapeutics; and the ability to predict in humans the efficacy of those next-generation procedures, devices, and therapeutics. Exemplar's MiniSwine models are genetically engineered to exhibit a wide variety of human disease states, which provides a more accurate platform to test the efficacy of new medications and devices. As of December 31, 2025, Exemplar had 20 employees. Exemplar's primary domestic production facilities are located in Sioux County and Johnson County, Iowa, and include approximately 57,711 square feet of production, lab, and office facilities. Competition: Healthcare Business While we believe that our novel approach to developing innovative precision medicines utilizing our AdenoVerse and UltraCAR-T platforms to target the most urgent and intractable challenges in immuno-oncology, autoimmune disorders, and infectious diseases provides us with competitive advantages, our industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, and human resource capabilities than we do, and certain of our competitors may also benefit from local government subsidies and other incentives that are not available to us. In addition, mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. As a result of the resources available to our competitors, our competitors may be able to develop competing and/or superior technologies and processes, and compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of time than we can. Product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with a range of therapies that are currently approved and any new therapies that may become available in the future. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop proprietary technologies that can be used to produce products that reach the market in a timely manner and are technologically superior to and/or are less expensive than other products on the market. The availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payers will also significantly affect the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our competitors may also obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Key product features that would affect our ability to effectively compete with other therapeutics include the efficacy, safety and convenience of our products, as well as the availability of intellectual property protection. AdenoVerse Immunotherapy While we believe that our FDA-approved product Papzimeos for the treatment of RRP, is based on a novel design of antigen targeting HPV6 and HPV11 and use of our gorilla adenovector, we face competition in the treatment of RRP. We believe our main competitor in the field is INOVIO Pharmaceuticals. INOVIO is developing their investigational DNA vaccine INO-3107, which is delivered via use of an electroporation device and targets HPV6 and HPV11 antigens. The BLA for INO-3107 is currently under review by the FDA. In addition we believe that academic investigator initiated clinical trials to evaluate bevacizumab and pembrolizumab for RRP are in progress. For our PRGN-2009 candidate in HPV-associated cancers, we believe that INOVIO Pharmaceuticals, BioNTech SE, PDS Biotechnology, NeoTrail Therapeutics, Nykode Therapeutics, and ViciniVax B.V. are developing immunotherapies that are in clinical testing. INOVIO's lead investigational candidate VGX-3100 is a plasmid DNA based vaccine, delivered via an electroporation device, is designed to increase T cell immune responses against the E6 and E7 antigens of HPV16 and HPV18. VGX-3100 is in clinical trials for anal dysplasia. INOVIO is also developing INO-3112, a DNA medicine candidate targeting HPV 16/18 and delivered via an electroporation device, combined with a DNA plasmid for IL-12 in combination with an anti-PD1 monoclonal antibody for locoregionally advanced, high-risk, HPV16/18 positive oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma. We believe BioNTech is developing BNT113, an investigational HPV16 E6/7 mRNA vaccine. We believe BNT113 in combination with an anti-PD1 monoclonal antibody is in a clinical trial for HPV16+PD1+ Head and Neck squamous cell carcinoma. We believe PDS Biotechnology is developing Versamune® HPV (previously PDS0101), an investigational HPV16 peptide vaccine for various HPV-associated cancers. We believe Versamune HPV is in clinical trials as monotherapy and combination therapy for recurrent/metastatic HPV16+ head and neck cancer, pre-metastatic HPV-associated oropharyngeal cancer, and HPV+ anal, cervical, head and neck, penile, vaginal, vulvar cancers. We believe NeoTrail Therapeutics is developing Eseba-vec (HB-200), acquired from Hookipa Pharma, based on two single-vector compounds with arenaviral backbones based on lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus and pichinde virus expressing the same transgene encoding an HPV16 E7E6 fusion protein, which is in a clinical trial for HPV16+ head and neck cancers. Cellid is developing BVAC-C, which is 24 Table of Contents based on CeliVax technology that uses patient-derived B cells and monocytes transfected with E6/E7 recombination gene of HPV16 and HPV18 and loaded with an adjuvant for HPV-associated cancers. Nykode Therapeutics is developing abi-suva (VB10.16), a DNA-based therapeutic vaccine targeting malignancies caused by HPV16, which is being evaluated in a clinical trial for HPV16-positive Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma. ViciniVax B.V. is developing Vvax001, a T-cell–priming immunotherapy based on a self-amplifying RNA (saRNA) replicon delivered by a replication-incompetent Semliki Forest virus (SFV) vector encoding fusion HPV16 E6 and E7 protein is in a clinical trial. In addition to our direct competitors developing vaccines for treatment of HPV-associated cancers, various development-stage companies are involved in different vaccine and immunotherapy technologies, including Bavarian Nordic. We also face competition from non-vaccine based approaches being developed by companies such as Kite, Iovance, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Merck. UltraCAR-T Our lead product candidates include PRGN-3005, PRGN-3006, and PRGN-3007, each of which are built on our UltraCAR-T platform. While we are employing a novel approach, there are a number of competitors pursuing CAR-T cell therapies for the treatment of cancer. We believe that, among others, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, and Anixa Biosciences are developing CAR-T based treatments for ovarian cancer and US WorldMeds is developing TCR-T based treatment for ovarian cancer. We believe that Essen Biotech, Senti Bio and Allogene Therapeutics are using cell therapy technologies to develop product candidates for the treatment of AML. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals is developing 27T51(BBT-4015), which we believe is under development in Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer, primary peritoneal cancer and fallopian tube cancer. 27T51 is based on autologous T cells modified with a lentiviral vector to express a CAR targeting cells expressing MUC16. Anixa Biosciences is developing an autologous CAR-T treatment targeting follicle stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR) for ovarian cancer, which we believe is in a clinical trial. Arsenal Biosciences is developing AB-1015 CAR-T, which we believe is in a clinical trial for platinum resistant ovarian cancer. US WorldMeds is developing uza-cel (ADP-A2M4CD8) TCR T-cell therapy that co-expresses CD8α co-receptor alongside the engineered TCR targeting MAGE-A4 which we believe is in a Phase 1clinical trial. For the treatment of AML using cell therapies, we believe that Kite, 2seventy bio and Nkarta have product candidates in the most advanced clinical trials. We believe Arcellx is developing ACLX-002, CAR-T targeting CD123 based on ARC-SparX platform. We believe Allogene Therapeutics' allogeneic CAR-T therapy ALLO-316, targeting CD70 is manufactured using healthy donor T-cells that are engineered using lentiviral transduction to express CAR followed by gene editing to eliminate expression of TCR, is in preclinical development for CD70+ heme malignancies. Senti Bio is developing SENTI-202 an off-the-shelf logic-gated selective CD33 or FLT3 targeted CAR-NK cell therapy, which we believe is in early phase clinical trial for AML. Essen Biotech is developing a CAR-T therapy that targets CD33 or CD123 or both, which we believe is in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial for AML. In addition to our direct competitors that are using CAR-T therapies specifically for the treatment of ovarian cancer and AML, the CAR-T technology space has significant other competition including from multiple companies and their collaborators, such as Novartis, Kite and Gilead, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Janssen and Legend Biotech, US WorldMeds, Autolus Therapeutics, Roche and Poseida Therapeutics, and Gracell and AstraZeneca. Various companies including AstraZeneca and EsoBiotec, Eli Lilly and Orna Therapeutics and Interius BioTherapeutics are evaluating in vivo CAR-T cell therapies. We also face competition from non-cell based cancer treatments offered by other companies such as Amgen, AstraZeneca, Merck, Abbvie, and Roche. See "Precigen's Therapeutic Platforms" for a discussion of the features that we believe differentiate our UltraCAR-T treatments from our competitors. 25 Table of Contents Exemplar Precigen Exemplar provides porcine research models and services that aid scientists in the understanding of human disease mechanisms and development of new therapeutics. We use precise genome modification to recapitulate numerous human diseases in our Yucatan MiniSwine platform, which are utilized by our industry and academic clientele for the development of new small molecules, gene, and cell therapies. We believe that the primary competitors of Exemplar are smaller privately owned entities. Intellectual Property We apply a multilayered approach for protecting intellectual property relating to the inventions we have developed internally, as well as those we have acquired from third parties, such as by assignment or by in-license. As we advance technologies, we evaluate and determine under the circumstances what type or types of intellectual property is appropriate for the technology, including patents, trademarks, know-how and trade secret protections. We seek patent protection in the United States and in other countries for our inventions, and we develop and protect our know-how and trade secrets relating to our platform technologies, as well as to our pipeline products including those of our subsidiaries and collaborators. For instance, we pursue protection to switch technologies, gene delivery technologies, and genetic componentry related to our pipeline products. In addition, we seek patents covering specific collaborator's products. We focus our intellectual property on aspects of our platforms and technologies that provide for the design and creation of cells, vectors and components for our pipeline and the pipelines of our collaborators, as well as technologies directed to improve delivery and expression of our pipeline products. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to obtain patents and maintain adequate protection for our intellectual property relating to our technologies and product pipeline. We have adopted a strategy of seeking patent protection in the United States and in other jurisdictions globally as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, with respect to certain of the technologies used in or relating to our technologies and product pipeline. For instance, where we believe appropriate, we have counterpart patents and patent applications in other jurisdictions, such as Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Taiwan, and United Arab Emirates. In the future, we may file in these or additional jurisdictions as deemed appropriate for the protection of our technologies. As of December 31, 2025, we owned or in-licensed patents in the United States and have pending United States patent applications relating to various aspects of our platforms and technologies, and we have pursued counterpart patents and patent applications in other jurisdictions around the world, as we have deemed appropriate. We continue to actively develop our portfolio through the filing of new patent applications, provisional and continuations or divisionals relating to our advancing technologies, methods and products as we and our collaborators deem appropriate. We work to maintain protection for our key technologies including: our various switch technologies, with a last to expire patent currently in 2032; our portfolio around various gene delivery technologies and their use, with a last to expire patent in 2046; and our portfolio around various genetic componentry such as specialized vectors containing these genetic componentry and their use, with a last to expire patent in 2044. Although we have no certainty that these patents will not be subject to challenge in the future, as of this filing, there are currently no material contested proceedings and/or third-party claims with respect to any of these patent portfolios. Additionally, we complement our intellectual property portfolio with exclusive and non-exclusive patent licenses and options for licenses to third-party technologies. We further solidify our intellectual property protection through a combination of trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions, and security measures to protect our confidential and proprietary information related to each platform and collaborator program. We regularly assess and review the risks and benefits of protecting our developments through various aspects of intellectual property available to us. Because we rely on trade secrets, know-how, and continuing technological advances to protect various aspects of our technology, we require our employees, consultants and scientific collaborators to execute confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with us to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets and proprietary information. Our confidentiality agreements generally provide that the employee, consultant or scientific collaborator will not disclose our confidential information to third parties. These agreements also provide that inventions conceived by the employee, consultant or scientific collaborator in the course of working for us will be our exclusive property. Additionally, our employees agree to 26 Table of Contents take certain steps to facilitate our assertion of ownership over such intellectual property. These measures may not adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information. If they do not adequately protect our rights, third parties could use our technologies, and we could lose any competitive advantage we may have. In addition, others may independently develop similar proprietary information or techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets, which could impair any competitive advantage we may have. Regulatory Environment With our diverse portfolio of proprietary technologies and novel therapeutic candidates, we are subject to significant and diverse regulations governing, among other things, research, operations and product approval. Regulatory compliance is critical to our ability to operate, our management of potential liabilities, and ultimately, our freedom to sell our products. Moreover, the products we are pursuing or are produced by us are subject to extensive regulation. Moreover, to the extent we utilize, now and in the future, third party service providers or license our programs to collaborators, we will need to rely on such third parties' compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the products or services they provide. We may not be able to independently monitor whether such third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations. Please see the risk factor entitled "We may rely on third parties, including through collaborations, to develop and commercialize some of our product candidates. Markets in which our collaborators develop product candidates using our technologies are subject to extensive regulation, and we will rely on our collaborators to comply with all applicable laws and regulations." Environmental regulations affecting our business We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the air, water and ground; the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials; and the health and safety of employees with respect to laboratory activities required for the development of products and technologies. These laws and regulations require us to obtain environmental permits and comply with numerous environmental restrictions. These laws and regulations also may require expensive pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit actual or potential impacts to the environment. Our laboratory activities inherently involve the use of potentially hazardous materials, which are subject to health, safety and environmental regulations. We design our infrastructure, procedures, and equipment to meet our obligations under these regulations. We perform recurring internal and third-party audits and provide employees ongoing training and support, as required. All of our employees must comply with safety instructions and procedures, which are codified in our employment policies. Federal and state laws and regulations impose requirements on the production, importation, use, and disposal of chemicals and genetically-modified material which impact us. Our processes may contain genetically engineered organisms which, when used in industrial processes, are considered new chemicals under the Toxic Substances Control Act program of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA. These laws and regulations would require us to obtain and comply with the EPA's Microbial Commercial Activity Notice process to operate. In the European Union, we may be subject to a chemical regulatory program known as REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances). Under REACH, companies are required to register their products with the European Commission, and the registration process could result in significant costs or delay the manufacture or sale of products in the European Union. Healthcare regulations affecting our business Human therapeutics regulation Governmental authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, including any manufacturing changes, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, sale, marketing, import and export of therapeutic products such as those being developed by us. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes, regulations, and requirements imposed by regulatory agencies, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. In the United States, pharmaceuticals and biological products must receive approval from the FDA before being marketed. The FDA approves drug products other than biological products through its authority under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and implementing regulations. The FDA licenses biological products, or biologics, through its authority under the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and implementing regulations. The development processes for obtaining FDA approval for a non-biological drug product under the FDCA and for biologic licensure under the PHSA are generally similar but have product-related differences reflected in regulations and in FDA guidance documents. 27 Table of Contents United States pharmaceutical development process The process required by the FDA before a pharmaceutical product candidate may be marketed generally involves the following: • completion of preclinical laboratory tests and in vivo studies in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, which may include the FDA's current Good Laboratory Practice regulations and the Animal Welfare Act; • submission to the FDA of an IND for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials commence; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA's Good Clinical Practices, or GCP, regulations, and any additional requirements for the protection of human research subjects and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed product candidate for each intended use; • preparation and submission to the FDA of an application for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity and potency for a biologic, or of safety and efficacy for a non-biologic drug, including from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials; • satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the product candidate is produced to assess compliance with cGMP and that the methods and controls are adequate to assure the product candidate's identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity; • potential FDA inspection of the nonclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the application; and • FDA review and approval of the application. Preclinical testing Before testing any product candidate in humans in the United States, a company must develop preclinical data, generally including laboratory evaluation of the product candidate's chemistry and formulation, as well as toxicological and pharmacological studies in animal species to assess safety and quality. Certain types of animal studies must be conducted in compliance with the FDA's Good Laboratory Practice regulations and the Animal Welfare Act, which is enforced by the Department of Agriculture. IND application A person or entity sponsoring clinical trials in the United States to evaluate a product candidate's safety and effectiveness must submit to the FDA, prior to commencing such trials, an IND application, which contains preclinical testing results and other data and information that allow the FDA to evaluate whether there is an adequate basis for testing the drug in humans. If the FDA does not object to the IND application within 30 days of submission, the clinical testing proposed in the IND may begin. Even after the IND has gone into effect and clinical testing has begun, the FDA may put clinical trials on "clinical hold," suspending or, in some cases, ending them because of safety concerns or for other reasons. Human clinical trials under an IND Clinical trials involve administering the product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA's regulations, such as GCP requirements. Each clinical trial must also be conducted under a protocol that details, among other things, the study objectives, parameters for monitoring safety, and the efficacy criteria, if any, to be evaluated. The protocol is submitted to the FDA as part of the IND and reviewed by the agency. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers, among other things, whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The sponsor of a clinical trial, the investigators, and IRBs each must comply with requirements and restrictions that govern, among other things, obtaining informed consent from each study subject, complying with the protocol and investigational plan, adequately monitoring the clinical trial, and timely reporting adverse events. Clinical trials involving recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecules, such as DNA, conducted at institutions that receive any funding from the National Institutes of Health also must be reviewed by 28 Table of Contents an institutional biosafety committee, an institutional committee that reviews and oversees basic and clinical research that utilizes recombinant DNA at that institution. The sponsor of a clinical trial or the sponsor's designated responsible party may be required to register certain information about the trial and disclose certain results on government or independent registry websites, such as clinicaltrials.gov . Human clinical trials typically are conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: • Phase 1 . The product candidate is introduced into a small number of healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain early understanding of its effectiveness. For some product candidates for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product candidate may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients with the targeted disease. • Phase 2 . The product candidate is administered and evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to evaluate preliminary efficacy evidence for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. • Phase 3 . The product candidate is administered to an expanded patient population with the target disease or disorder, often at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to generate sufficient data to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the non-biologic drug, or the safety, purity, and potency of the biologic. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit profile of the product candidate and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted, or may be required to be conducted, after initial approval to further assess the risk/benefit profile of the product and to gain additional experience from treatment of patients in the intended indication, including for long-term safety follow-up. Additional regulation for gene therapy clinical trials Additional standards apply to clinical trials involving gene therapy. The FDA has issued guidance documents regarding gene therapies, which relate to, among other things: preclinical assessments; chemistry, manufacturing and controls, or CMC, information that should be included in an IND application; the proper design of tests to measure product potency in support of an application; and long-term follow-up measures to observe delayed adverse effects in subjects exposed to investigational gene therapies when the risk of such effects is not low or when the gene therapy utilizes genome-editing technology, shows signs of persistence, has the potential for latency and reactivation, or genetically alters the human genome. United States review and approval processes The results of the preclinical tests and clinical trials, together with detailed information relating to the product's CMC and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an application requesting approval to market the product for one or more uses, or indications. When an application is submitted, the FDA makes an initial determination as to whether the application is sufficiently complete to be accepted for review. If the application is not, the FDA may refuse to accept the application for filing and request additional information. A refusal to file, which requires resubmission of the application with the requested additional information, delays review of the application. For gene therapies, selecting patients with applicable genetic defects is often a necessary condition to effective treatment and may require diagnostic devices that the FDA has cleared or approved prior to or contemporaneously with approval of the gene therapy. Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, certain marketing applications generally must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product candidate for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product candidate is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any product candidate for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. On the basis of the marketing application and accompanying information, including the results of the inspection of the manufacturing facilities, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information for the FDA 29 Table of Contents to reconsider the application. If those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA's satisfaction in a resubmission of the application, the FDA may issue an approval letter. If a product candidate receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing or dispensing in the form of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may require postmarketing clinical trials designed to further assess the risk/benefit profile of the product and to gain additional experience from treatment of patients in the intended indication, including for long-term safety follow-up. Compliance with cGMP requirements Drug and biologics manufacturers must comply with applicable cGMP regulations. Manufacturers and others involved in the manufacture and distribution of such products also must register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Both domestic and foreign manufacturing establishments must register and provide additional information to the FDA upon their initial participation in the manufacturing of drugs. Establishments may be subject to periodic, unannounced inspections by the FDA and other government authorities to ensure compliance with cGMP requirements and other laws. Discovery of problems may result in a government entity placing restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved product application and may extend to requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. Orphan Drug Designation in the United States Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs and biological products intended to treat a "rare disease or condition," which generally is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a marketing application or supplement seeking approval for the orphan indication. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the common identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are publicly disclosed by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not—by itself—convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. If a product that has an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for that drug or biologic for the indication for which it has been designated, the product is entitled to an orphan exclusivity period in which the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years. Exceptions to the seven-year exclusivity period may apply in limited circumstances, such as where the sponsor of a different version of the product is able to demonstrate that its product is clinically superior to the approved orphan drug product. This exclusivity does not prevent a competitor from obtaining approval to market a different product that treats the same disease or condition, or the same product to treat a different disease or condition. The FDA can revoke a product's orphan drug exclusivity under certain circumstances, including when the holder of the approved orphan drug application is unable to assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the drug to meet patient needs. Orphan exclusivity operates independently from other regulatory exclusivities and other protections against generic or biosimilar competition. A sponsor of a product application that has received an orphan drug designation is also granted tax incentives for clinical research undertaken to support the application. In addition, the FDA may coordinate with the sponsor on research study design for an orphan drug and may exercise its discretion to grant marketing approval on the basis of more limited product safety and efficacy data than would ordinarily be required, based on the limited size of the applicable patient population. Orphan drug designation does not, however, change the legal standard required for a product candidate to obtain FDA approval. Fast Track Designation The FDA has a number of expedited review programs for drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition. As one example, under the agency's Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request the FDA to designate the product for a specific indication as a Fast Track product concurrent with or after the filing of the IND for the product candidate, if nonclinical and clinical data demonstrate the product's potential to address unmet medical needs and the product is intended to treat a serious condition. The FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies for Fast Track designation within 60 days after receipt of the sponsor's request. In addition to other benefits, such as the ability to have more frequent interactions with the FDA, the agency may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track product's marketing application before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if 30 Table of Contents the applicant provides and the FDA approves a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA's review period for a Fast Track application does not begin until the last section of the marketing application is submitted. In addition, the Fast Track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the agency believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy Designation The FDA may grant regenerative medicine advanced therapy, or RMAT, designation to regenerative medicine therapies, which may include cell therapies, human gene therapies, therapeutic tissue engineering products, and human cell and tissue products, if certain criteria are met. In particular, a drug may be eligible for RMAT designation if the drug is a regenerative medicine therapy as defined in Section 506(g)(8) of the FDCA; the drug is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such disease and condition. The FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies for RMAT designation within 60 days after receipt of the sponsor's request. A grant of RMAT designation includes all of the benefits of Fast Track designation, intensive guidance on efficient drug development beginning as early as Phase 1, and organizational commitment involving senior managers. The RMAT designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the agency believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. Breakthrough Therapy Designation A Breakthrough Therapy designation is a process designed to expedite the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat a serious condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint(s). The FDA may expedite the development and review of the application for approval of drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the Breakthrough Therapy program, the sponsor of a new product candidate may request that the FDA designate the product candidate for a specific indication as a breakthrough therapy concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the product candidate. A Breakthrough Therapy designation provides all Fast Track designation features, offers intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program and ensures organizational commitment involving senior management at FDA. The FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies for Breakthrough Therapy designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor’s request. Platform Technology Designation Under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act (FDORA), a platform technology incorporated within or utilized by a drug or biological product is eligible for designation as a designated platform technology if (1) the platform technology is incorporated in, or utilized by, a drug approved under an NDA or BLA; (2) preliminary evidence submitted by the sponsor of the approved or licensed drug, or a sponsor that has been granted a right of reference to data submitted in the application for such drug, demonstrates that the platform technology has the potential to be incorporated in, or utilized by, more than one drug without an adverse effect on quality, manufacturing, or safety; and (3) data or information submitted by the applicable person indicates that incorporation or utilization of the platform technology has a reasonable likelihood to bring significant efficiencies to the drug development or manufacturing process and to the review process. A sponsor may request the FDA to designate a platform technology as a designated platform technology concurrently with, or at any time after, submission of an IND for a drug that incorporates or utilizes the platform technology that is the subject of the request. If so designated, the FDA may expedite the development and review of any subsequent original NDA or BLA for a drug that uses or incorporates the platform technology. Designated platform technology status does not ensure that a drug will be developed more quickly or receive FDA approval. In addition, the FDA may revoke a designation if the FDA determines that a designated platform technology no longer meets the criteria for such designation. Post-approval requirements Rigorous and extensive FDA regulation of drugs and biologics continues after approval, including requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, adverse experiences with the product, cGMP, and advertising and promotion. Changes to the product, manufacturing process, or facility often require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. Additionally, the FDA may require postmarketing studies or clinical trials, changes to a product's approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, or the 31 Table of Contents implementation of other risk management measures, including distribution restrictions, if new safety information emerges. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements may result in administrative, judicial, civil or criminal actions and adverse publicity. These actions may include FDA's refusal to approve or delay in approving pending applications or supplemental applications, withdrawal of approval, clinical hold, suspension or termination of clinical trial, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines or other monetary penalties, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with healthcare providers, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits or other civil or criminal penalties. Regulatory Exclusivity and Biosimilar Competition in the United States In 2010, the federal Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, or BPCIA, was enacted, creating a statutory pathway for licensure, or approval, of biological products that are biosimilar to, and possibly interchangeable with, reference biological products licensed under the Public Health Service Act. Under the BPCIA, innovator manufacturers of original biological products are granted twelve years of marketing exclusivity after first licensure before biosimilar versions of such products can be licensed for marketing in the United States. This means that the FDA may not approve an application for a biosimilar product that references data in an innovator's Biologics License Application, or BLA, until 12 years after the date of approval of the reference biological product, with a potential six-month extension of exclusivity if certain pediatric studies are conducted and the results are reported to the FDA. A biosimilar application may be submitted four years after the date of licensure of the reference biological product, but the FDA cannot approve the application until the full exclusivity period has expired. This 12-year exclusivity period operates independently from other protections that may apply to biosimilar competitors, including patents that are held for those products. Additionally, the BPCIA establishes procedures by which the biosimilar applicant must provide information about its application and product to the reference product sponsor and by which information about potentially relevant patents may be shared and litigation over patents may proceed in advance of approval. The BPCIA also provides a period of exclusivity for the first biosimilar to be determined by the FDA to be interchangeable with the reference product. Under the Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, which was subsequently made applicable to biological products by the BPCIA, the FDA may also issue a Written Request asking a sponsor to conduct pediatric studies related to a particular active moiety; if the sponsor agrees and meets certain requirements, the sponsor may be eligible to receive an additional six months of marketing exclusivity for its drug product containing such active moiety. Other regulatory exclusivity may be granted to drugs, including, but not limited to, three-year and five-year exclusivity granted to non-biologic drugs under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. Depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of FDA approval of a product candidate, some of a sponsor's United States patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product's approval date. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. Foreign regulation of human therapeutics In addition to regulations in the United States, Precigen and ActoBio, and any third party service providers or collaborators will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of the products enabled by our technologies outside of the United States. Whether or not the developer obtains FDA approval for a product, they must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries or economic areas, such as the European Union, before they may commence clinical trials or market products in those countries or areas. The approval process and requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from place to place, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. Under Regulation (EC) No 141/2000, PRGN-2012 Orphan drug designation in the European Union (EU) was granted by the European Commission in January 2024 based on a positive opinion issued by the EMA adopted by the Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP). 32 Table of Contents Anti-Kickback, False Claims, and Other Marketing and Fraud and Abuse Laws Healthcare providers, physicians and others will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with healthcare providers, patients and third-party payers will expose us to broadly applicable United States fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and any collaborative partners through which we market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations are discussed in the "

--- VENDORS ---
vendors have, from time to time, experienced a number of deviations with respect to the production of our product. Although such incidents have not. to date, had a material impact on our commercialization efforts, developments of this type, or other failures by our third party vendors, could adversely impact our business. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with current good

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers, contractors and others involved in our business, often have access to our technologies. If our technologies, or products using our technologies, were stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, they could be used by other parties that may be able to reproduce our technologies or products using our technologies, for their own commercial gain. If this were to occur, it would be difficult for us to challenge this type of use, especially in countries with limited intellectual property protection. 63 Table of Contents Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosures of trade secrets and other proprietary information. We have taken measures to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, but these measures may not be effective. We require our new employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting arrangement with us. These agreements generally require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual's relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements also generally provide that inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Our proprietary information may be disclosed, third parties could reverse engineer our technologies or products using our technologies, and others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. Our use of new and evolving technologies, such as artificial intelligence, may present risks and challenges that can impact our business, including by posing cybersecurity and other risks to our confidential and/or proprietary information, including personal information, and as a result we may be exposed to reputational harm and liability. We may use and integrate artificial intelligence (AI) into our business processes. Use of this technology presents risks and challenges that could affect our business both in our own development and implementation of AI and through the adoption of commercially available tools. Use of this technology could pose cybersecurity, data privacy, IT, intellectual property, regulatory, legal, operational, competitive, reputational and other risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. Specifically, risks related to accuracy, bias, artificial intelligence hallucinations, discrimination, harmful content, misinformation, fraud, scams, targeted attacks (including model poisoning or data poisoning), surveillance, data leakage, inequality, environmental harms, and other harms may flow from our development, use, or deployment of AI technologies. The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of significant resources to design, develop, test and maintain such systems to help ensure that AI is implemented in accordance with applicable law and regulation and in a socially responsible manner and to minimize any real or perceived unintended harmful impacts. If we enable or use solutions that draw controversy due to perceived or actual negative societal impact, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. The use of certain AI technology can give rise to intellectual property risks, including by disclosing or otherwise compromising our confidential or proprietary intellectual property and intellectual property infringement, or by undermining our ability to assert or defend ownership rights in intellectual property created with the assistance of AI tools. Additionally, we expect to see increasing government and supranational regulation related to AI use and ethics, which may also significantly increase the burden and cost of research, development and compliance in this area. A growing number of legislators and regulators are adopting laws and regulations and have focused enforcement efforts on the adoption of AI, and use of such technologies in compliance with ethical standards and societal expectations. These developments may increase our compliance burden and costs in connection with use of AI and lead to legal liability if we fail to meet evolving legal standards or if use of such technologies results in harms or other causes of action we did not predict. Our vendors may incorporate AI tools into their offerings, and the providers of these AI tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards, including with respect to privacy and data security. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of AI, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information and intellectual property. Any of these effects could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information, cause us to breach applicable laws and regulations, and adversely impact our business. 64 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Common Stock We have failed in the past and may fail in the future to meet all applicable continued listing requirements of Nasdaq Global Select Market, which could result in a delisting of our common stock. Delisting could negatively affect the price of our common stock which, could make it more difficult for us to sell securities in a future financing or for you to sell our common stock. Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (“Nasdaq”), which has qualitative and quantitative continued listing criteria. However, we cannot assure you that our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. In order to continue listing our common stock on Nasdaq, we are required to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq and other Nasdaq rules, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders’ equity, minimum share price and certain other corporate governance requirements. In particular, we are required to maintain a minimum bid price for our listed common stock of $1.00 per share. We have in the past, and may in the future, be unable to comply with these continued listing requirements; if we do not meet these continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted. On November 1, 2024, we received a deficiency letter (the “Deficiency Letter”) from the Listing Qualifications Department (the “Staff”) of Nasdaq indicating that, for the last thirty consecutive business days, the bid price for our common stock had closed below the minimum $1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the “Bid Price Rule”). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until April 30, 2025, to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the bid price of our common stock must close at $1.00 per share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during such 180-day compliance period. The Deficiency Letter had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of our common stock. On January 16, 2025, we received written notification from Nasdaq indicating that the Company's common stock had a closing price at or greater than $1.00 per share for the last 10 consecutive business days, from December 31, 2024 to January 15, 2025, and that, as a result, we have regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule and the matter is closed. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements, including the minimum bid price requirement. If we fail to maintain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or to meet the other applicable continued listing requirements in the future and Nasdaq determines to delist our common stock, the delisting could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock, reduce our ability to raise additional capital and result in operational challenges and damage to investor relations and market reputation. Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future. As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of research analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our financial condition and operating results have varied significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors relating to our business that may contribute to these fluctuations include the following factors, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report: • our ability to achieve or maintain profitability; • the outcomes of our research programs, clinical trials, or other product development and approval processes; • our ability to develop and successfully commercialize our products; • the timing, receipt, and amount of any payments received in connection with upfront, milestone, and sale and royalty payments, if any; • our ability to successfully scale up production of our commercial products and customer acceptance thereof; • our ability to enter into strategic transactions; • our ability to develop and maintain our technologies; • our ability to manage our growth; • risks associated with the international aspects of our business; 65 Table of Contents • our ability to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner; • our dependence on, and the need to attract and retain, key management, and other personnel; • our ability to obtain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights; • our ability to prevent the theft or misappropriation of our intellectual property, know-how or technologies; • the costs associated with legal activities, including litigation, arising in the course of our business activities and our ability to prevail in any such legal disputes; • potential advantages that our competitors and potential competitors may have in securing funding or developing competing technologies or products; • our ability to obtain additional capital that may be necessary to expand our business; • business interruptions such as power outages and other natural disasters; • our ability to integrate any businesses or technologies we may acquire with our business; • negative public opinion and increased regulatory scrutiny of gene and cell therapies; • the impact of new accounting pronouncements on our current and future operating results; • our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income; and • the results of our consolidated subsidiaries. Due to the various factors mentioned above, and others, the results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future operating performance. Our stock price is volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. Our stock price has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this "

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and drug product and other supplies, and the cost of procuring the foregoing, any of which may be impacted by a number of factors, including the effects of macroeconomic or other global conditions, such as increased tariffs, renegotiation of existing international trade agreements, escalating trade tensions and other trade restrictions; • shortage of qualified personnel internally or at any of our third party suppliers; • our ability to safeguard our manufacturing facilities from harm by physical or cyber threats; and • ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, which vary in each country. As a result of these and other risks, we may be unable to maintain a manufacturing infrastructure and supply chain capable of providing Papzimeos for commercial use, which could delay or adversely affect our product commercialization efforts; result in lost sales; delay or result in a cessation of our current or potential future clinical trials; delay or preclude potential future regulatory approvals of Papzimeos in other jurisdictions or indications; and could cause financial and reputational harm. We rely on third parties for certain aspects of the manufacture of our product, and we expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product or that such quantities may not be available at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or potential future commercialization efforts. While we currently use our internal cGMP manufacturing capabilities in Germantown, Maryland for the commercial manufacturing of Papzimeos bulk drug substance, we rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for certain aspects of commercial manufacture, packaging and distribution. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product on a timely basis or at all, or that such quantities will be available at an acceptable cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development ongoing commercialization efforts. We rely on third-party manufacturers, which entails additional risks, including: • failure of third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and maintain quality assurance; • failure of third-party manufacturers to perform the manufacturing process adequately; • breach of supply agreements by the third-party manufacturers; • failure to supply components, intermediates, services, or product according to our specifications; • failure to supply components, intermediates, services, or product according to our schedule or at all; • misappropriation or disclosure of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and • termination or non-renewal of agreements by third-party manufacturers at times that are costly or inconvenient for us. 46 Table of Contents For example, our third party vendors have, from time to time, experienced a number of deviations with respect to the production of our product. Although such incidents have not. to date, had a material impact on our commercialization efforts, developments of this type, or other failures by our third party vendors, could adversely impact our business. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with current good manufacturing processes, or cGMP, regulations or similar regulatory requirements inside or outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocations, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product. If our manufacturers are unable to comply with cGMP regulation or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States or if the FDA or other regulatory authorities do not approve their facility upon a pre-approval inspection, our therapeutic candidates may not be approved or may be delayed in obtaining approval. In addition, there are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and similar regulatory requirements outside the United States that might be capable of manufacturing our product, and our product candidates if and when approved. Therefore, our product  and any future products that we may develop may compete with other products for access to manufacturing facilities. Any failure to gain access to these limited manufacturing facilities could severely impact the commercialization of our product or the clinical development, marketing approval and potential future commercialization of our product candidates. Furthermore, if we breach or are perceived to breach our contractual obligations or otherwise default under our agreements with third parties, or if we otherwise have contractual disputes with such third parties, it may lead to adverse outcomes, including potential delays, unforeseen expenses, or the termination of those contracts. We do not currently have a second source for certain required materials used for the manufacture of finished product and we are dependent upon certain third parties for certain steps in our manufacture and distribution process for Papzimeos. If our current manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers and we may be unable to replace them on a timely basis or at all. Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of Papzimeos and our product candidates could delay, prevent or impair our development and both our current and potential future commercialization efforts. Delays in obtaining regulatory approval of manufacturing processes and facilities or disruptions in manufacturing processes may delay or disrupt our commercialization efforts. Before we can begin to commercially manufacture our additional product candidates for human therapeutics, we must obtain regulatory approval from the FDA for the applicable manufacturing process and facility. This will likely require the manufacturing facility to pass a pre-approval inspection by the FDA. A manufacturing authorization must also be obtained from the appropriate European Union regulatory authorities. In order to obtain FDA approval, we will need to ensure that all of the processes, methods, and equipment are compliant with cGMP and perform extensive audits of vendors, contract laboratories, and suppliers. While we currently use our internal cGMP manufacturing capabilities in Germantown, Maryland for the commercial manufacturing of Papzimeos, we may rely on third parties to commercially manufacture our other product candidates. If we, any of our vendors, contract laboratories or suppliers is found to be out of compliance with cGMP, we may experience delays or disruptions in manufacturing while we work with these third parties to remedy the violation(s) or while we work to identify suitable replacement vendors. The cGMP requirements govern, among other things, quality control of the manufacturing process, raw materials, containers/closures, buildings and facilities, equipment, storage and shipment, labeling, laboratory activities, data integrity, documentation policies and procedures, and returns. In complying with cGMP, we will be obligated to expend time, money, and effort in production, record keeping, and quality control to assure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory action that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, including the inability to sell any products that we may develop. Even after we receive marketing approval, we remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. If we fail to comply or experience unanticipated problems with our products, we may be subject to administrative and judicial enforcement, including monetary penalties, for non-compliance and our approved products, if any, could be deemed misbranded or adulterated and prohibited from continued distribution. Papzimeos and other product candidates we obtain regulatory approval for, will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, and submission of safety and other postmarket information. Regulatory approvals also may be subject to a REMS, limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly postmarketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the quality, safety and efficacy of the 47 Table of Contents product. For example, the holder of an approved BLA is obligated to monitor and report adverse events and any failure of a product to meet the specifications in the BLA. The FDA guidance advises that patients treated with some types of gene therapy undergo follow-up observations for potential adverse events for as long as 15 years. The holder of an approved BLA also must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. Drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and other government agencies to ensure compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers' compliance with these regulations and standards, but we may ultimately be responsible for any of their failures. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements for Papzimeos or following approval of any of our product candidates, a regulatory authority may take a range of adverse actions, including, among other things, issuing a warning letter, imposing monetary penalties, restricting or suspending manufacturing, or causing us to withdraw the product from the market. In addition, the FDA's policies, and those of equivalent foreign regulatory agencies, may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our product and current and future product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our product and current and future product candidates in other jurisdictions. Obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our product and current and future product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain marketing approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining marketing approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the marketing approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, as for Papzimeos, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing, and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. For example, we have submitted a MAA for zopapogene imadenovec-drba for the treatment of adults with RRP to the EMA in November 2025. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign marketing approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product and product candidates will be harmed. We have limited experience as a commercial company and the sales, marketing, and distribution of Papzimeos or any future approved products may be unsuccessful or less successful than anticipated.. Though we have obtained regulatory approval from the FDA for Papzimeos, as a company, we have no prior experience commercializing a product for any indication. The success of our commercialization efforts is difficult to predict and subject to the effective execution of our business plan, including, among other things, the continued development of our internal and contracted sales, marketing, manufacturing, and distribution capabilities and our ability to navigate the significant expenses and risks involved with the development and management of such capabilities. Further, given our lack of experience commercializing products, we do not have a track record of successfully executing a commercial launch. There is a risk that we underestimate the level of demand for a product, which could require us to change a manufacturing process to increase production yields and changes to a manufacturing process are time consuming and subject to regulatory, financial, and operational risks. If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing our objectives and executing on our business plan, or if our commercialization efforts do not develop as planned, we may not be able to successfully commercialize Papzimeos and any 48 Table of Contents future approved products, we may require significant additional capital and financial resources, we may not achieve or maintain profitability, and we may not be able to compete against more established companies in our industry. Although we have been developing our commercial infrastructure for the commercialization of Papzimeos, we have chosen to utilize a contracted sales force. We may choose, in the future, to develop our own sales force for Papzimeos or other product candidates. There are costs and risks involved with establishing our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. We must also compete with other biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. Alternatively, we may wish to establish collaborations with third parties to maximize the potential of Papzimeos or our product candidates in jurisdictions in which Papzimeos or a product candidate has been approved. Our industry is characterized by intense competition. Therefore, we may not be successful in entering into such commercialization arrangements with third parties on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, we may have limited control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell, market and distribute our products effectively. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop the necessary commercial infrastructure and capabilities to successfully commercialize Papzimeos or our other product candidates or be able to establish or maintain relationships with third parties necessary to perform these services. As a result, we may not successfully commercialize any product in any jurisdiction. The successful commercialization of our product and product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which third-party payers, including governmental authorities and private health insurers, provide coverage and adequate reimbursement levels, as well as implement pricing policies favorable for our product and  product candidates. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product and product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. The availability of coverage and adequacy of reimbursement by third-party payers, including managed care plans, governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid and private health insurers is essential for most patients to be able to afford medical services and pharmaceutical products such as our product and product candidates that receive FDA approval. Our ability to achieve acceptable levels of coverage and reimbursement for our product and product candidates or procedures using our product and product candidates by third-party payers will have an effect on our ability to successfully commercialize our product and product candidates. Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product and product candidates may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. Separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment or procedure in which our product or product candidate is used may not be available. A decision by a third-party payer not to cover or not to separately reimburse for our product or product candidates or procedures using our product or product candidates could reduce physician utilization of our products once approved. Assuming there is coverage for our product and product candidates, or procedures using our product or product candidates by a third-party payer, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States, the European Union, or elsewhere will be available for our product or current or future product candidates, or for any procedures using such product or product candidates, and any reimbursement that may become available may not be adequate or may be decreased or eliminated in the future. There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly-approved products. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are increasingly used as models in the United States for how private third-party payers and other governmental payers develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs and biologics. Some third-party payers may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse healthcare providers who use such therapies. We cannot predict at this time what third-party payers will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product or product candidates. No uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exist among third-party payers in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payer to payer. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that may require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payer separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently, in some cases on short notice, and we believe that changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 49 Table of Contents Moreover, increasing efforts by third-party payers in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and biologics and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. Our business may be adversely affected by current and potential future healthcare reforms. In the United States, federal and state legislatures, health agencies and third-party payers continue to focus on containing the cost of health care. Legislative and regulatory proposals and enactments to reform health care insurance programs could significantly influence the manner in which our product candidates, if approved, are prescribed and purchased. For example, the Affordable Care Act has changed the way health care is paid for by both governmental and private insurers, including increased rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, the requirement that manufacturers participate in a discount program for certain outpatient drugs under Medicare Part D and the expansion of the number of hospitals eligible for discounts under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act. In addition, the Tax Act eliminated the tax-based shared responsibility payment for individuals who fail to maintain minimum essential coverage under section 5000A of the Code, commonly referred to as the "individual mandate," effective January 1, 2019. Further, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, among other things, amended the Medicare statute to reduce the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly known as the "donut hole," by raising the required manufacturer point-of-sale discount from 50 percent to 70 percent off the negotiated price effective as of January 1, 2019. Significant developments that may adversely affect pricing in the United States include proposed drug pricing and Medicare reforms by Congress and regulatory changes to Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D, additional changes to the Affordable Care Act under the current Administration and trends in the practices of managed care groups and institutional and governmental purchasers, including consolidation of our customers. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act"), which was signed into law in March 2020 and is designed to provide financial support and resources to individuals and businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, suspended the 2 percent Medicare sequester from May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, and extended the sequester by one year, through 2030.On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, was signed into law, which among other things, includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and beneficiaries, including extending enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025, allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries. On August 29, 2023, the Department of Health and Human Services announced the list of the first ten drugs that will be subject to price negotiations, although the drug price negotiation program is currently subject to legal challenges. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated. For example, on July 4, 2025, the annual reconciliation bill, the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” (“OBBBA”), was signed into law which is expected to reduce Medicaid spending and enrollment by implementing work requirements for some beneficiaries, capping state-directed payments, reducing federal funding, and limiting provider taxes used to fund the program. OBBBA also narrows access to ACA marketplace exchange enrollment and declines to extend the ACA enhanced advanced premium tax credits, set to expire at the end of 2025, which, among other provisions in the law, are anticipated to reduce the number of Americans with health insurance. The current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across the U.S. government, including at HHS, the FDA, CMS and related agencies. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. Some these actions include (1) directing agencies to reduce workforce and make program cuts, (2) rescinding a Biden administration executive order tasking the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, or CMMI, to consider new payment and healthcare models to limit drug spending, (3) eliminating the Biden administration’s executive order that directed HHS to establish an AI task force, developing a strategic plan directing HHS and other agencies to lower prescription drug costs for Medicare through a variety of initiatives, including by improving upon the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, (4) directing certain federal agencies to enforce existing law regarding hospital and price plan transparency and by standardizing prices across hospitals and health plans; (5) imposing tariffs on imported pharmaceutical product; (6) directing certain federal agencies to enforce existing law regarding hospital and price plan transparency and by standardizing prices across hospitals and health plans; and (7) as part of the Make America Healthy Again (MAHA) Commission’s recent Strategy Report, working cross government agencies to increase enforcement on direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical advertising. For example, on April 15, 2025, outlining several 50 Table of Contents actions the Secretary of HHS must take to optimize healthcare regulations that will provide access to prescription drugs at lower costs; on May 5, 2025, aiming to promote domestic production of critical medicines; and on May 12, 2025, aiming to establish a “most favored nation” drug pricing policy that would tie US drug prices to the prices paid for drugs in other countries. Since the May 12, 2025 “most favored nation” executive order, the Trump administration has continued to exert pressure on drug manufacturers to implement “most favored nation” pricing and has suggested that it may impose significant tariffs on pharmaceuticals if such pricing is not implemented. These actions and policies may significantly reduce U.S. drug prices, potentially impacting manufacturers’ global pricing strategies and profitability, while increasing their operational costs and compliance risks. Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court’s recent Loper Bright decision described above could result in additional legal challenges to current regulations and guidance issued by federal agencies applicable to our operations, including those issued by the FDA. Congress may introduce and ultimately pass healthcare-related legislation that could impact the drug approval process and make changes to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. There is also significant economic pressure on state budgets that may result in states increasingly seeking to achieve budget savings through mechanisms that limit coverage or payment for certain drugs. In recent years, some states have considered legislation and ballot initiatives that would control the prices of drugs, including laws to allow importation of pharmaceutical products from lower cost jurisdictions outside the United States and laws intended to impose price controls on state drug purchases. State Medicaid programs are increasingly requesting manufacturers to pay supplemental rebates and requiring prior authorization by the state program for use of any drug for which supplemental rebates are not being paid. Government efforts to reduce Medicaid expenses may lead to increased use of managed care organizations by Medicaid programs. This may result in managed care organizations influencing prescription decisions for a larger segment of the population and a corresponding constraint on prices and reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved. In addition, under the Affordable Care Act, as states implement their health care marketplaces or operate under the federal exchange, the impact on drug manufacturers will depend in part on the formulary and benefit design decisions made by insurance sponsors or plans participating in these programs. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States. It is possible that we may need to provide discounts or rebates to such plans in order to maintain favorable formulary access for our future product candidates, if approved, which could have an adverse impact on our sales and results of operations. In addition, if we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained. Our relationships with customers, third-party payers, and others may be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. Healthcare providers, physicians, and third-party payers will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our arrangements with third-party payers and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include, but are not limited to, the following: • the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits persons from, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, the referral of an individual for the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing, or the purchase, lease or order, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order, of any good or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; • the federal civil False Claims Act, which imposes liability, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment of governmental funds that are false or fraudulent, making a false statement material to an obligation to pay money to the federal government, or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing, or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government; • HIPAA's fraud provisions, which impose criminal liability for knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a health care offense, or knowingly and willfully making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 51 Table of Contents • the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, being implemented as the Open Payments Program, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to direct or indirect payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held in the company by physicians and their immediate family members. Beginning in 2022, applicable manufacturers are now required to report information regarding payments and transfers of value provided to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse-midwives; and • analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry's voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers in those jurisdictions; state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; some states also prohibit certain marketing-related activities including the provision of gifts, meals, or other items to certain health care providers, and others restrict the ability of manufacturers to offer co-pay support to patients for certain prescription drugs; other states and cities require identification or licensing of sales representatives; and state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Although compliance programs can help mitigate the risk of investigations and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be eliminated entirely. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Defending against actions or investigations for violations of these laws and regulations, even if ultimately successful, will incur significant legal expenses and divert management's attention from the operation of our business. Failure to comply with current or future federal, state and foreign laws and regulations and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection laws could lead to governmental enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation, and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. We or our collaborators may be subject to federal, state and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal health information privacy laws, state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, that govern the collection, use, disclosure, protection and other processing of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators. Many state legislatures have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security and data breaches. Laws in all 50 states require businesses to provide notice to customers whose personally identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. The laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. For example, the CCPA imposes stringent data privacy and data protection requirements for the personal information of California residents, provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches. State laws are changing rapidly, as numerous other states have enacted, or are considering enacting, comprehensive data privacy laws that share similarities with the CCPA. The CCPA and evolving legislation may require us, among other things, to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Foreign data protection laws, including the European Union, or EU, General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, may also apply to health-related and other personal information obtained outside of the United States. The GDPR introduced new data protection requirements in the EU, as well as potential fines for noncompliant companies of up to the greater of €20 million or 4 percent of annual global revenue. Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States, and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the EU and the United States remains uncertain. 52 Table of Contents Further, the vote in the United Kingdom in favor of exiting the EU, referred to as Brexit, has created uncertainty with regard to data protection regulation in the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom has transposed the GDPR into domestic law with a United Kingdom version of the GDPR, or the U.K. GDPR, which took effect in January 2021. While the U.K. GDPR currently imposes substantially the same obligations as the GDPR, the UK Data (Use and Access) Act, which received Royal Assent in June 2025 modifies the U.K. GDPR in a manner that deviates from the GDPR and permits further deviations in the form of regulatory guidance or secondary legislation, creating further risk of divergent parallel regimes, each of which potentially authorizes similar fines and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for violations. The GDPR and U.K. GDPR also impose strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, respectively, including the United States. The European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision in favor of the United Kingdom, enabling data transfers from the European Economic Area to the United Kingdom without additional safeguards. However, the United Kingdom adequacy decision will automatically expire in December 2031 unless the European Commission re-assesses and renews or extends that decision. We and many other companies may need to implement different or additional measures (such as the European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses or the U.K. Government-approved International Data Transfer Agreement) to establish or maintain legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of personal data from the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom to the United States. Compliance with United States and foreign data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts; restrict our ability to collect, use, and disclose data; or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure by us or our collaborators to comply with United States and foreign data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals' privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend, could result in adverse publicity, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We may incur significant costs complying with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant liabilities. We use hazardous chemicals and radioactive and biological materials in our business and are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations governing, among other matters, the use, generation, manufacture, transportation, storage, handling, disposal of, and human exposure to these materials both in the United States and overseas, including regulation by governmental regulatory agencies, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the EPA. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with these laws and regulations. Although we maintain workers' compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses, we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological or hazardous materials. We are subject to certain United States and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations. Among other matters, United States and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. We also expect our non-United States activities to increase in time. Additionally, in many other countries, the healthcare providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA. We plan to engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents, or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. In particular, our operations will be subject to FCPA, which prohibits, among other things, United States 53 Table of Contents companies and their employees and agents from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to foreign government officials, employees of public international organizations and foreign government-owned or affiliated entities, candidates for foreign political office, and foreign political parties or officials thereof. Recently, the SEC and Department of Justice have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, suppliers, manufacturers, contractors, or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions, including imprisonment, against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of facilities, including those of our suppliers and manufacturers, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs, debarment, reputational harm, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and other consequences. Any such violations could also result in prohibitions on our ability to offer our product candidates in one or more countries as well as difficulties in manufacturing or continuing to develop our product candidates, and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy We may rely on third parties to develop and commercialize some of our product candidates, and we may fail to successfully manage, or disputes may arise from, any such collaborations. Markets in which collaborators develop product candidates using our technologies will be subject to extensive regulation, and we may rely on our collaborators to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. We have previously entered into, and may in the future enter into, collaboration arrangements to develop product candidates enabled by our technologies. For example, because of our strategic reprioritization of our pipeline to focus on Papzimeos, we have minimized UltraCAR-T spend and instead have focused on strategic partnerships to further advance such UltraCAR-T programs. We may face significant competition in seeking appropriate partners for our product candidates, and the negotiation process may be time-consuming and complex. There can be no guarantee that we can successfully manage these relationships, as they involve complex interests and our interests and our collaborators' interests may diverge. Our collaborators may fail to perform their obligations under the collaboration agreements or may not perform their obligations in a timely manner. If our collaborators are not able to successfully develop product candidates enabled by our technologies, none of these enabled product candidates will become commercially available, and we will receive no back-end payments under these arrangements. If conflicts arise between our collaborators and us, the other party may act in a manner adverse to us and could limit our ability to implement our strategies. Furthermore, our collaborators may not properly obtain, maintain, enforce or defend our intellectual property or proprietary rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation. In addition, we cannot control the amount and timing of resources our collaborators may devote to our product candidates or other collaborative efforts.They may separately pursue competing products, therapeutic approaches or technologies to develop treatments for the diseases targeted by us. Competing products, either developed by the collaborators or to which the collaborators have rights, may result in the withdrawal of support for our product candidates. If our collaborators terminate or breach our agreements with them, or otherwise fail to complete their obligations successfully or in a timely manner, it may have a detrimental effect on our financial position by reducing or eliminating the potential for us to receive anticipated revenues from the collaboration. In some cases, our past strategic collaborations have resulted in disagreements and disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations, and revenues of us and our collaboration partners. Disagreements and disputes with future collaborators may result in litigation, unfavorable settlements or concessions by us, or management distraction, that could harm our business operations. Our technologies are used in product candidates that are subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities. We may depend on our collaborators to comply with these laws and regulations with respect to product candidates they produce using our technologies, and we may not independently monitor whether our collaborators comply with applicable laws and regulations. If our collaborators fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to substantial financial and operating risks because, in addition to our own compliance, we may depend on our collaborators to produce the end products enabled by our technologies for sale. 54 Table of Contents If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, shareholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, if required in conjunction with the financial statement audit, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. We may be sued for product liability. We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human trials as well as any product liability claims related to the use of Papzimeos. Product liability claims may be brought against us by subjects enrolled in our trials, patients, healthcare providers or others using, administering, or selling our products. Insurance coverage for product liability claims is expensive and may be difficult to obtain, and may not be available to us in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. We cannot assure you that we will have adequate insurance coverage against potential claims. In addition, although we currently maintain product liability insurance for our technologies in amounts we believe to be commercially reasonable, if the coverage limits of these insurance policies are not adequate, a claim brought against us, whether covered by insurance or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows or even cause us to go out of business. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: • reduced resources of our management to pursue our business strategy; • decreased demand for products enabled by our technologies; • injury to our reputations and significant negative media attention; • withdrawal of clinical trial participants; • initiation of investigations by regulators; • product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; • significant costs to defend resulting litigation; • substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; • loss of revenue; and • the inability to commercialize any products using our technologies. Our insurance policies are expensive and protect only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. We do not carry insurance for all categories of risks that our business may encounter, and insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive. We do not know if we will be able to maintain existing insurance with adequate levels of coverage, and any liability insurance coverage we acquire in the future may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. If we obtain marketing approval for any product candidates, we intend to acquire insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products, but we may be unable to obtain such insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. Required coverage limits for such insurances are difficult to predict and may not be sufficient. If potential losses exceed our insurance coverage, our financial condition would be adversely affected. In the event of contamination or injury, we 55 Table of Contents could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources. Clinical trials or regulatory approvals for any of our product or product candidates could be suspended, which could adversely affect our results of operations and business, including by preventing or limiting the development and commercialization of any product or product candidates that we may develop. The livestock products of Exemplar are subject to disease outbreaks that can increase the cost of production and/or reduce production harvests, and the loss of existing livestock would result in the loss of commercial technology. Several of the products of our operating subsidiary, Exemplar, are subject to periodic outbreaks of a variety of diseases. Although Exemplar takes measures to protect their animals, there can be no assurance that a disease will not damage or destroy existing animals. The economic impact of disease to Exemplar can be significant, as we must incur the cost of preventive measures, such as vaccines and antibiotics, and then if infected, the cost of lost or reduced production. The markets for our product and product candidates are highly competitive. Competitors and potential competitors may develop products and technologies that make ours obsolete or garner greater market share than ours. While we believe that our novel approach to developing the next generation of gene and cell therapies to target the most urgent and intractable challenges in immuno-oncology, autoimmune disorders, and infectious diseases provides us with competitive advantages, our industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, and human resource capabilities than we do, and certain of our competitors may also benefit from local government subsidies and other incentives that are not available to us. In addition, mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. As a result of the resources available to our competitors, our competitors may be able to develop competing and/or superior technologies and processes, and compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of time than we can. The availability of reimbursement from the government and other third-party payers will also significantly affect the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our competitors may also obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In the area of infectious diseases, we have Papzimeos, which is based on our AdenoVerse immunotherapy platform, for the treatment of RRP. We believe there are competitors in this area, including INOVIO Pharmaceuticals with their investigational DNA vaccine INO-3107 targeting HPV6 and HPV11 antigens. Our other lead product candidates include PRGN-3006 for the treatment of AML, which are built on our UltraCAR-T platform, and PRGN-2009, which is based on our AdenoVerse platform. While we are employing a novel approach, there are a number of competitors pursuing CAR-T cell therapies for the treatment of cancer. We believe that, among others, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Tmunity Therapeutics, and Anixa Biosciences are developing CAR-T based treatments for ovarian cancer and TCR2 Therapeutics is developing TCR-T based treatment for ovarian cancer. We believe that Celyad, Mustang Bio, Kite, Amgen, Cellectis S.A., and Allogene Therapeutics are also using CAR-T technology to develop product candidates for the treatment of AML. The CAR-T technology space also has significant other competition including from multiple companies and their collaborators, such as Novartis and University of Pennsylvania, Kite and Gilead, Adaptimmune and GSK, Autolus Therapeutics, Poseida Therapeutics, and Bellicum Pharmaceuticals. We also face competition from non-cell based cancer treatments offered by other companies such as Amgen, AstraZeneca, Incyte, Merck, Abbvie, and Roche. We are also using our suite of proprietary and complementary technologies for the preclinical and clinical development of product candidates for the treatment of autoimmune disorders, including T1D. We believe that our primary competitors with respect to the development of immunotherapies for T1D are Provention Bio, Midatech Pharma, and MerciaPharma. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop proprietary technologies that can be used to produce products that reach the market in a timely manner and are technologically superior to and/or are less expensive than other products on the market. As more companies develop new intellectual property in our markets, a competitor could acquire patent or other rights that may limit products using our technologies, which could lead to litigation. To the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor or we are forced to reduce, or are unable to raise, the price of any products enabled by our technologies in order to remain competitive, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 56 Table of Contents If we lose key personnel, including key management personnel, or are unable to attract and retain additional personnel, it could delay our product development programs, harm our research and development efforts, and we may be unable to continue to commercialize our product and product candidates. Our business involves complex operations and requires a management team and employee workforce that is knowledgeable in the many areas in which we operate. The loss of any key members of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Helen Sabzevari Ph.D., or the failure to attract or retain other key employees who possess the requisite expertise for the conduct of our business, could prevent us from developing and commercializing our product and product candidates for our target markets and executing on our business strategy. In addition, the loss of any key scientific staff, or the failure to attract or retain other key scientific employees, could prevent us from developing our technologies for our target markets or from further developing and commercializing our products and services offerings to execute on our business strategy. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified employees in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology, synthetic biology and other technology-based businesses, or due to the unavailability of personnel with the qualifications or experience necessary for our business. If we are not able to attract and retain the necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience staffing constraints that will adversely affect our ability to support our internal research and development programs or meet other demands. We have had a number of executive officers depart from our Company over the last several years, and we continually evaluate our leadership structure. Our past or future leadership changes could lead to strategic and operational challenges and uncertainties, distractions of management from other key initiatives, inefficiencies or increased costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We depend on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure . We rely on various information systems to manage our operations. These systems are complex and include software that is internally developed, software licensed from third parties, and hardware purchased from third parties. These products may contain internal errors or defects, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Failure of these systems could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. If we experience a significant breach of data security or disruption in our information systems, our business could be adversely affected. We rely on various information systems to manage our operations and to store information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable information. These systems have been and continue to be vulnerable to interruption or malfunction, including due to events beyond our control, and to unauthorized access, computer hackers, ransomware, malware, viruses. fraudulent use attempts, phishing attacks, and other security problems. Failure of these systems or any significant breach of our data security could have an adverse effect on our business and may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Data security breaches could result in loss or misuse of information, which could, in turn, result in potential regulatory actions or litigation, including material claims for damages, compelled compliance with breach notification laws, interruption to our operations, damage to our reputation or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Companies throughout our industry have been increasingly subject to a wide variety of security incidents, cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to networks or sensitive information. While we have implemented and continue to implement cybersecurity safeguards and procedures, these safeguards have been vulnerable to attack. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to enhance our cybersecurity measures or to investigate or remediate any vulnerabilities or breaches. Although we maintain insurance to protect ourselves in the event of a breach or disruption of certain of our information systems, we cannot ensure that the coverage is adequate to compensate for any damages that may be incurred. The effects of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. The operations of our business could be adversely affected by health epidemics, including, for example, if we are unable to secure necessary supplies, including personal protection equipment for our employees. We also rely on third parties for various 57 Table of Contents aspects of our business, including developing some of our product candidates. These third parties may experience similar disruptions or negative impacts to their businesses due to epidemics, which may result in additional delays or otherwise adversely impact our operations. In addition to the potential impacts to our operations, we may be required to implement, or reinstitute, precautions to mitigate the spread of the illness across our businesses, which may impact our ability to carry out our business as usual, including additional sanitation and cleaning procedures in our laboratories and other facilities, instituting remote working when possible, and implementing social distancing and staggered worktime requirements for our employees that must work on-site. An increase in remote working may also result in elevated susceptibility to cyber security risks. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, we had incurred additional costs as a result of these measures. These measures could also lead to reduced efficiency in our operations. Several of our operations are leanly staffed and rely on key personnel to manage operations. The loss of our key scientific staff, personnel, or other key employees, as a result of illness or otherwise, could negatively impact our business and operations, particularly if we are unable to adequately find or train replacements. A significant outbreak of infectious diseases in the future could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, resulting in an economic downturn that could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have international assets and may have international operations and additional international assets in the future. Our international operations and assets may be subject to various economic, social, and governmental risks. Our international assets and any future international operations may expose us to risks that could negatively impact our future results. Our operations may not develop in the same way or at the same rate as might be expected in a country with an economy similar to the United States. The additional risks that we may be exposed to in these cases include, but are not limited to: • tariffs and trade barriers; • currency fluctuations, which could decrease our revenues or increase our costs in United States dollars; • regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws; • limited access to qualified staff; • inadequate infrastructure; • cultural and language differences; • inadequate banking systems; • different and/or more stringent environmental laws and regulations; • restrictions on the repatriation of profits or payment of dividends; • disease outbreaks, environmental catastrophes, crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks or wars; • nationalization or expropriation of property; • law enforcement authorities and courts that are weak or inexperienced in commercial matters; and • deterioration of political relations among countries. Additionally, we are exposed to risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We present our consolidated financial statements in United States dollars. Our international subsidiaries have assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. Future expenses and revenues of our international subsidiaries are expected to be denominated in currencies other than in United States dollars. Therefore, movements in exchange rates to translate from foreign 58 Table of Contents currencies may have an impact on our reported results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We may pursue strategic acquisitions and investments that could have an adverse impact on our business if they are unsuccessful. We have made acquisitions in the past and, if appropriate opportunities become available, we may acquire additional businesses, assets, technologies, or products to enhance our business in the future. In connection with any future acquisitions, we could: • issue additional equity securities, which would dilute our current shareholders; • incur substantial debt to fund the acquisitions; or • assume significant liabilities. Although we conduct due diligence reviews of our acquisition targets, such processes may fail to reveal significant liabilities. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: • problems integrating the purchased operations, facilities, technologies, or products; • unanticipated costs and other liabilities; • the potential disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management resources; • adverse effects on existing business relationships with current and/or prospective collaborators, customers and/or suppliers; • unanticipated expenses related to the acquired operations; • risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; • potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired business and technology; • potential liabilities related to litigation involving the acquired companies; • potential periodic impairment of goodwill and intangible assets acquired; and • potential loss of key employees or potential inability to retain, integrate, and motivate key personnel. We cannot be certain that any acquisition will be successful or that we will realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. In particular, we may not be able to realize the strategic and operational benefits and objectives we had anticipated. Acquisitions also may require us to record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, and incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses, all of which could harm our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may acquire companies that have insufficient internal financial controls, which could impair our ability to integrate the acquired company and adversely impact our financial reporting. If we fail in our integration efforts with respect to any of our acquisitions and are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization, our business, and financial condition may be adversely affected. As a result of the Company's decision to shutdown ActoBio's operations and Exemplar's reporting unit’s annual goodwill impairment test, the Company recorded a $3.9 million goodwill impairment charge in the year ended December 31, 2025. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional discussion. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. As of December 31, 2025, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1.12 billion for United States federal income tax purposes available to offset future taxable income, including $911.9 million generated after 2017, United States capital loss carryforwards of $1.4 million, and United States federal and state research and development tax credits of $17.9 59 Table of Contents million, prior to consideration of annual limitations that may be imposed under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or ("Section 382"). Net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to 2018 will expire if unutilized from 2025 to 2037, and capital loss carryforwards will expire if unutilized from 2025 to 2027. As a result of our past issuances of stock, as well as due to prior mergers and acquisitions, certain of our net operating losses have been subject to limitations pursuant to Section 382. As of December 31, 2025, we had utilized all net operating losses subject to Section 382 limitations, other than those losses inherited via acquisitions. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $31.5 million of domestic net operating losses were acquired via acquisition and are limited based on the value of the target at the time of the transaction. Future changes in stock ownership may also trigger an ownership change and, consequently, a Section 382 limitation. As of December 31, 2025, our direct foreign subsidiaries included in continuing operations had foreign loss carryforwards of approximately $80.1 million, most of which do not expire. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Our ability to compete may decline if we do not adequately protect our proprietary technologies or if we lose some of our intellectual property rights through costly litigation or administrative proceedings. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents and maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property in the United States and abroad for our suite of technologies and products and product candidates. We have adopted a strategy of seeking patent protection in the United States and abroad with respect to certain of the technologies used in or relating to our technologies and product pipeline. We have also in-licensed rights to additional patents and pending patent applications in the United States and abroad. We intend to continue to apply for patents relating to our technologies, methods, and products as we deem appropriate. For instance, we pursue protection of switch technologies, gene delivery technologies, and genetic componentry related to our pipeline products. In addition, we seek patents covering specific collaborator's products. We have also filed patents and patent applications in other jurisdictions, such as Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Taiwan, and United Arab Emirates. In the future we may file in these or additional jurisdictions as deemed appropriate for the protection of our technologies. The enforceability of patents, as well as the actual patent term and expiration thereof, involves complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, the extent of enforceability cannot be guaranteed. Issued patents and patents issuing from pending applications may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. We cannot ensure that any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents, or even if issued, predict the breadth of the claims upheld in our and other companies' patents. Given that the degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, we cannot ensure that we were the first to invent the inventions covered by our pending patent applications; we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; the patents we have obtained, particularly certain patents claiming nucleic acids, proteins, or methods, are valid and enforceable; and the proprietary technologies we develop will be patentable. In addition, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technologies, particularly in certain foreign countries where the local laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. Moreover, third parties could practice our inventions in territories where we do not have patent protection. Such third parties may then try to import into the United States or other territories products, or information leading to potentially competing products, made using our inventions in countries where we do not have patent protection for those inventions. If competitors are able to use our technologies, our ability to compete effectively could be harmed. Moreover, others may independently develop and obtain patents for technologies that are similar to or superior to our technologies. If that happens, we may need to license these technologies, and we may not be able to obtain licenses on reasonable terms, if at all, which could harm our business. We also rely on trade secrets to protect our technologies, especially in cases when we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we require our employees, academic collaborators, collaborators, consultants and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary or licensed information. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary and licensed technologies and other confidential information, our ability, and that of our licensors, to receive patent protection and our ability to protect valuable information owned or licensed by us may be imperiled. Enforcing a claim that a third-party entity illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods, and know-how. Litigation or other proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other 60 Table of Contents violation could require us to spend significant time and money and could prevent us from commercializing our technologies or impact our stock price. Our commercial success also depends in part on not infringing patents and proprietary rights of third parties and not breaching any licenses or other agreements that we have entered into with regard to our technologies, products, and business. We cannot ensure that patents have not been issued to third parties that could block our or our collaborators' ability to obtain patents or to operate as we would like. There may be patents in some countries that, if valid, may block our ability to make, use or sell our products in those countries, or import our products into those countries, if we are unsuccessful in circumventing or acquiring the rights to these patents. There also may be claims in patent applications filed in some countries that, if granted and valid, also may block our ability to commercialize products or processes in these countries if we are unable to circumvent or license them. The biotechnology industry is characterized by frequent and extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Many companies have employed intellectual property litigation as a way to gain a competitive advantage. Our involvement in litigation, interferences, opposition proceedings or other intellectual property proceedings inside and outside of the United States, to defend our intellectual property rights or as a result of alleged infringement, misappropriation or violation of the rights of others, may divert management's time from focusing on business operations and could cause us to spend significant amounts of money. Some of our competitors may have significantly greater resources and, therefore, they are likely to be better able to sustain the cost of complex patent or intellectual property litigation than we could. The uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our business or to enter into additional collaborations with others. Furthermore, any potential intellectual property litigation also could force us or our collaborators to do one or more of the following: • stop selling, incorporating or using products that use the intellectual property at issue; • obtain from the third party asserting its intellectual property rights a license to sell or use the relevant technology, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; or • redesign those products or processes that use any allegedly infringing technology, or relocate the operations relating to the allegedly infringing technology to another jurisdiction, which may result in significant cost or delay to us, or that could be technically infeasible. The patent landscape in the field of biotechnology is particularly complex. We are aware of United States and foreign patents and pending patent applications of third parties that cover various aspects of cell and gene biology including patents that some may view as covering aspects of our technologies. In addition, there may be patents and patent applications in the field of which we are not aware. In many cases, the technologies we develop are early-stage technologies, and we are just beginning the process of designing and developing products using these technologies. Although we will seek to avoid pursuing the development of products that may infringe any patent claims that we believe to be valid and enforceable, we and our collaborators may fail to do so. Moreover, given the breadth and number of claims in patents and pending patent applications in the field of synthetic biology and the complexities and uncertainties associated with them, third parties may allege that we are infringing upon patent claims even if we do not believe such claims to be valid and enforceable. Except for claims we believe will not be material to our financial results, no third party has asserted a claim of infringement against us. Others may hold proprietary rights that could prevent products using our technologies from being marketed. Any patent-related legal action against persons who license our technologies or us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to products using our technologies or our processes could subject us to potential liability for damages and require our licensee or us to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market such products or any future product candidates that use our technologies. We cannot predict whether we or our licensor would prevail in any such actions or that any license required under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. In addition, we cannot be sure that any such products or any future product candidates or processes could be redesigned to avoid infringement, if necessary. Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent us or our licensees from developing and commercializing products using our technologies, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys' fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property right. If any of our competitors have filed patent applications or obtained patents that claim inventions also claimed by us, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention and, thus, the right to 61 Table of Contents the patents for these inventions in the United States. These proceedings could result in substantial cost to us even if the outcome is favorable. Even if successful, an interference may result in loss of certain of our important claims. Any litigation or proceedings could divert our management's time and efforts. Even unsuccessful claims could result in significant legal fees and other expenses, diversion of management's time, and disruption in our business. Uncertainties resulting from initiation and continuation of any patent or related litigation could harm our ability to compete. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other provisions during the patent process. Given the size of our intellectual property portfolio, compliance with these provisions involves significant time and expense. There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case. If we do not obtain additional protection under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, other United States legislation, and similar foreign legislation by extending the patent terms and obtaining regulatory exclusivity for our technologies, our business may be materially harmed. Depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of FDA marketing approval of products using our technologies, one or more of the United States patents we own or license may be eligible for limited patent term restoration under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended, and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our ability to generate revenues could be materially adversely affected. Some of our products may not have patent protection and, as a result, potential competitors face fewer barriers in introducing competing products. We may rely on trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary information to protect our commercial position with respect to such products, which we may be unable to do. In some instances, we may also rely on regulatory exclusivity, including orphan drug exclusivity, to protect our products from competition. Some of our or our collaborators' products may be subject to the BPCIA, which may provide those products exclusivity that prevents approval of a biosimilar product that references the data in one of our BLAs in the United States for 12 years after approval. However, the BPCIA and other regulatory exclusivity frameworks may evolve over time based on statutory changes, FDA issuance of new regulations, and judicial decisions. In addition, the BPCIA exclusivity period does not prevent another company from independently developing a product that is highly similar to an approved product, generating all the data necessary for a full BLA and seeking approval. If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. We have entered into license agreements with third parties and may need to obtain additional licenses from our existing licensors and others to advance our research or allow commercialization of product candidates we may develop. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain any additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: • the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 62 Table of Contents • the extent to which our technology and processes infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; • our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; • the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and • the priority of invention of patented technology. In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product and product candidates. Enforcing our intellectual property rights may be difficult and unpredictable. If we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent claiming one of our technologies, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable or assert that the patent does not cover its manufacturing processes, manufacturing components or products. Proving patent infringement may be difficult, especially where it is possible to manufacture a product by multiple processes. Furthermore, in patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging both invalidity and unenforceability are commonplace. Although we believe that we have conducted our patent prosecution in accordance with the duty of candor and in good faith, the outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patent rights, we cannot be certain, for example, that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would not be able to exclude others from practicing the inventions claimed therein. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business. Even if our patent rights are found to be valid and enforceable, patent claims that survive litigation may not cover commercially valuable products or prevent competitors from importing or marketing products similar to our own, or using manufacturing processes or manufacturing components similar to those used to produce the products using our technologies. Although we believe we have obtained assignments of patent rights from all inventors, if an inventor did not adequately assign their patent rights to us, a third party could obtain a license to the patent from such inventor. This could preclude us from enforcing the patent against such third party. We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to synthetic biology. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. If our technologies or products using our technologies are stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, others could use the technologies to produce competing technologies or products. Third parties, including our collaborators, contract manufacturers, contractors and others involved in our business, often have access to our technologies. If our technologies, or products using our technologies, were stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, they could be used by other parties that may be able to reproduce our technologies or products using our technologies, for their own commercial gain. If this were to occur, it would be difficult for us to challenge this type of use, especially in countries with limited intellectual property protection. 63 Table of Contents Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosures of trade secrets and other proprietary information. We have taken measures to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, but these measures may not be effective. We require our new employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting arrangement with us. These agreements generally require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual's relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements also generally provide that inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Our proprietary information may be disclosed, third parties could reverse engineer our technologies or products using our technologies, and others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. Our use of new and evolving technologies, such as artificial intelligence, may present risks and challenges that can impact our business, including by posing cybersecurity and other risks to our confidential and/or proprietary information, including personal information, and as a result we may be exposed to reputational harm and liability. We may use and integrate artificial intelligence (AI) into our business processes. Use of this technology presents risks and challenges that could affect our business both in our own development and implementation of AI and through the adoption of commercially available tools. Use of this technology could pose cybersecurity, data privacy, IT, intellectual property, regulatory, legal, operational, competitive, reputational and other risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. Specifically, risks related to accuracy, bias, artificial intelligence hallucinations, discrimination, harmful content, misinformation, fraud, scams, targeted attacks (including model poisoning or data poisoning), surveillance, data leakage, inequality, environmental harms, and other harms may flow from our development, use, or deployment of AI technologies. The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of significant resources to design, develop, test and maintain such systems to help ensure that AI is implemented in accordance with applicable law and regulation and in a socially responsible manner and to minimize any real or perceived unintended harmful impacts. If we enable or use solutions that draw controversy due to perceived or actual negative societal impact, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. The use of certain AI technology can give rise to intellectual property risks, including by disclosing or otherwise compromising our confidential or proprietary intellectual property and intellectual property infringement, or by undermining our ability to assert or defend ownership rights in intellectual property created with the assistance of AI tools. Additionally, we expect to see increasing government and supranational regulation related to AI use and ethics, which may also significantly increase the burden and cost of research, development and compliance in this area. A growing number of legislators and regulators are adopting laws and regulations and have focused enforcement efforts on the adoption of AI, and use of such technologies in compliance with ethical standards and societal expectations. These developments may increase our compliance burden and costs in connection with use of AI and lead to legal liability if we fail to meet evolving legal standards or if use of such technologies results in harms or other causes of action we did not predict. Our vendors may incorporate AI tools into their offerings, and the providers of these AI tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards, including with respect to privacy and data security. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of AI, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information and intellectual property. Any of these effects could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information, cause us to breach applicable laws and regulations, and adversely impact our business. 64 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Common Stock We have failed in the past and may fail in the future to meet all applicable continued listing requirements of Nasdaq Global Select Market, which could result in a delisting of our common stock. Delisting could negatively affect the price of our common stock which, could make it more difficult for us to sell securities in a future financing or for you to sell our common stock. Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (“Nasdaq”), which has qualitative and quantitative continued listing criteria. However, we cannot assure you that our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. In order to continue listing our common stock on Nasdaq, we are required to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq and other Nasdaq rules, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders’ equity, minimum share price and certain other corporate governance requirements. In particular, we are required to maintain a minimum bid price for our listed common stock of $1.00 per share. We have in the past, and may in the future, be unable to comply with these continued listing requirements; if we do not meet these continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted. On November 1, 2024, we received a deficiency letter (the “Deficiency Letter”) from the Listing Qualifications Department (the “Staff”) of Nasdaq indicating that, for the last thirty consecutive business days, the bid price for our common stock had closed below the minimum $1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the “Bid Price Rule”). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until April 30, 2025, to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the bid price of our common stock must close at $1.00 per share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during such 180-day compliance period. The Deficiency Letter had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of our common stock. On January 16, 2025, we received written notification from Nasdaq indicating that the Company's common stock had a closing price at or greater than $1.00 per share for the last 10 consecutive business days, from December 31, 2024 to January 15, 2025, and that, as a result, we have regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule and the matter is closed. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements, including the minimum bid price requirement. If we fail to maintain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or to meet the other applicable continued listing requirements in the future and Nasdaq determines to delist our common stock, the delisting could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock, reduce our ability to raise additional capital and result in operational challenges and damage to investor relations and market reputation. Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future. As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of research analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our financial condition and operating results have varied significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors relating to our business that may contribute to these fluctuations include the following factors, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report: • our ability to achieve or maintain profitability; • the outcomes of our research programs, clinical trials, or other product development and approval processes; • our ability to develop and successfully commercialize our products; • the timing, receipt, and amount of any payments received in connection with upfront, milestone, and sale and royalty payments, if any; • our ability to successfully scale up production of our commercial products and customer acceptance thereof; • our ability to enter into strategic transactions; • our ability to develop and maintain our technologies; • our ability to manage our growth; • risks associated with the international aspects of our business; 65 Table of Contents • our ability to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner; • our dependence on, and the need to attract and retain, key management, and other personnel; • our ability to obtain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights; • our ability to prevent the theft or misappropriation of our intellectual property, know-how or technologies; • the costs associated with legal activities, including litigation, arising in the course of our business activities and our ability to prevail in any such legal disputes; • potential advantages that our competitors and potential competitors may have in securing funding or developing competing technologies or products; • our ability to obtain additional capital that may be necessary to expand our business; • business interruptions such as power outages and other natural disasters; • our ability to integrate any businesses or technologies we may acquire with our business; • negative public opinion and increased regulatory scrutiny of gene and cell therapies; • the impact of new accounting pronouncements on our current and future operating results; • our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income; and • the results of our consolidated subsidiaries. Due to the various factors mentioned above, and others, the results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future operating performance. Our stock price is volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. Our stock price has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this "

