TICKER: PLSE
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, which may vary depending on the quantity of production and which will vary significantly depending upon the terms of our agreements with manufacturers; ● expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional product candidates and technologies; ● the level of demand for our products and any product candidates, if approved or cleared, which may vary significantly over time; ● litigation, including patent, employment, securities class action, stockholder derivative, general commercial, and other lawsuits; ● future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and ● the timing and success or failure of nonclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates or competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or partners. Additionally, we may face pricing pressure that could reduce our revenues and margins, failure to achieve expected procedure volumes could adversely affect our revenue growth and gross margins, and our limited commercial history makes it difficult to forecast revenue growth. The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our limited past results as an indication of our future performance. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met our publicly stated revenue or earnings guidance. 17 Table of Contents Because we operate in highly competitive markets, we can expect to face competition from large well-established manufacturers of medical technologies, devices and similar products; we may not be able to compete effectively against companies with significantly more resources. The medical technology, medical device, biotechnology, and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by intense and dynamic competition to develop new technologies and proprietary therapies. We face competition from several sources, such as pharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, generic drug companies, biotechnology companies, and academic and research institutions. Notably, all our medical products and products under development are for applications that are constantly under pressure from intense competition from rapidly evolving companies and new scientific discoveries. We compete against well-established incumbent medical device companies that already offer a wide range of commercial products to cardiac surgeons, cardiologists, electrophysiologists, oncologists, interventional radiologists, and others, including products for minimally invasive procedures. For example, Abbott Laboratories, AtriCure, Inc., Boston Scientific Corporation, Johnson & Johnson (Biosense Webster), Medtronic plc, and several other companies all sell ablation-based surgical, minimally invasive, and catheter-based medical devices for the treatment of heart arrhythmias, including AF, as well as products for soft tissue ablation, which could be used to surgically ablate benign thyroid nodules (“BTNs”). Additionally, many of these companies are also actively developing or already have microsecond PFA (micro-PFA) products for the treatment of AF. All of these companies currently have greater financial, technical, research, and/or other resources than we do and have larger and more established manufacturing capabilities and marketing, sales, and support functions, as well as broader and deeper customer relationships. We will find ourselves in competition with one or more of these companies, all of which may have competitive advantages over us, such as: ● significantly greater name recognition; ● established relationships with healthcare professionals, customers, and third-party payers; ● competitive products with greater efficacy or better safety profiles; ● established distribution networks; ● additional lines of products and the ability to offer rebates, higher discounts, or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; ● greater experience in obtaining patents and regulatory approvals for product candidates; ● greater experience conducting new product research and development, manufacturing medical devices, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval for products, and marketing approved products; and ● greater financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing. Additionally, the market for the treatment of BTNs is characterized by competition from established surgical procedures and minimally invasive thermal therapies. We compete primarily against the traditional surgical standard of care, including thyroid lobectomy and total thyroidectomy, as well as providers of thermal ablation technologies, most notably radiofrequency ablation (“RFA”) and microwave ablation (“MWA”). For example, thermal ablation companies such as STARMED (a subsidiary of TaeWoong Medical), Cambridge Medical, and Merit Medical Systems, Inc. all market RFA systems specifically designed for the treatment of thyroid nodules. These companies have longer histories in the market than we do, providing them with more established clinical track records, larger installed bases of equipment, and more mature sales and support functions. We will find ourselves in competition with the existing surgical standard of care as well as these companies, which may have competitive advantages over us, such as: ● the status of thyroidectomy and lobectomy as the standard of care with proven clinical outcomes and physician familiarity; ● more established clinical adoption within the endocrinology, otolaryngology, and general surgery communities; ● established referral patterns with surgeons, specialized thyroid clinics, and hospitals; ● extensive long-term clinical data and longitudinal studies supporting the efficacy and safety of surgical and thermal interventions; and ● fully established reimbursement pathways for surgical procedures and thermal ablation. 18 Table of Contents Our future success in this market will depend on our ability to differentiate our nPulse technology from these incumbent treatments. Until recently, surgery was the primary option for symptomatic BTNs, but the adoption of thermal modalities like RFA has begun to change the landscape. However, thermal ablation relies on heat to destroy tissue, which presents inherent risks of collateral damage to critical structures near the thyroid, such as the recurrent laryngeal nerve, trachea, esophagus, and the carotid artery. We seek to establish nPulse technology as a competitive alternative to both surgical intervention and thermal ablation. While our clinical data suggests that our minimally invasive nonthermal solution should eliminate the need for surgical or thermal interventions for many patients, research and development by others may render our technology obsolete or lead to the development of other minimally-invasive therapies that are superior to our own. We may also face increased competition in the future as new companies enter our markets and as scientific developments surrounding electro-signaling therapeutics continue to accelerate. For example, until recently the standard of care in cardiac tissue ablation for the treatment of AF had been the use of thermal ablation modalities, primarily the use of radiofrequency ablation. But in the span of just a few years, Boston Scientific’s FARAPULSE cardiac catheter system, Medtronic’s Pulse Select system, and other PFA systems using micro-PFA technology have dramatically changed the competitive landscape for the endocardial treatment of AF. These micro-PFA devices already account for over half of all EP procedures in the United States, and the speed of technological development in electrophysiology has been remarkable. While we will seek to expand our technological capabilities to remain competitive, and even though our clinical data suggests that nsPFA should have competitive advantages over micro-PFA technologies, such as deeper and more efficient ablations, research and development by others may render our technology or product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive or result in treatments or cures superior to any therapy developed by us. We may rely on third parties for our sales, marketing, manufacturing, and/or distribution activities, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. To be able to commercialize our products and planned products, we may elect to internally develop aspects of sales, marketing, large-scale manufacturing, or distribution, or we may elect to use third parties with respect to one or more of these functions. Our reliance on these third parties may reduce our control over these functions; however, reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our responsibility to ensure compliance with all required legal, regulatory, and scientific standards. Any failure of these third parties to perform satisfactorily and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations could lead to delays in the development of our products or planned products, including delays in our clinical trials, or failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, or failure to successfully commercialize our products or other future products. Some of these events could be the basis for FDA or other regulatory action, including injunction, recall, seizure, or total or partial suspension of production. We believe that developing the commercialization aspects of a company will take a substantial amount of capital and commitment of time and effort. We may seek development and marketing partners and license our technology to others in order to avoid our having to provide the marketing, manufacturing, and distribution capabilities within our organization. There can be no assurance that we will find any development and marketing partners or companies that are interested in licensing our technology, however. If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales, marketing, manufacturing, and distribution capabilities, independently or with others, we will not be able to generate product revenue and may not become profitable. If we lose key management personnel, our ability to identify, develop and commercialize new or next generation product candidates will be impaired, could result in loss of markets or market share and could make us less competitive. We are highly dependent upon the principal members of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer, Paul LaViolette, our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Skinner, our Chief Commercial Officer, Kevin Danahy, and our Chief Technology Officer, Darrin Uecker, and members of our scientific and engineering teams. These persons have significant experience and knowledge with sub-microsecond pulsed electric fields and more broadly in life sciences and medical technologies. The loss of any team member could impair our ability to design, identify, and develop new intellectual property and new scientific or product ideas. The loss of any key employee, the failure of any key employee to perform in their current position, or our inability to attract and retain skilled employees could result in our inability to continue to grow our business or to implement our business strategy. We compete for qualified management and scientific personnel with other life science companies, academic institutions, and research institutions. Our employees could leave our Company with little or no prior notice. They are free to work for a competitor. If one or more of our senior executives or other key personnel were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all, and other senior management may be required to divert attention from other aspects of the business. In addition, we do not have “key person” life insurance policies covering any member of our management team or other key personnel. The loss of any of these individuals or any inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, including scientists, engineers, and others, could prevent us from pursuing collaborations and materially and adversely affect our product development and commercialization efforts, business growth prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 19 Table of Contents There is a limited talent pool of experienced professionals in our industry. If we are not able to retain and recruit personnel with the requisite technical skills, we may be unable to successfully execute our business strategy. The specialized nature of our industry results in an inherent scarcity of experienced personnel in the field. Our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including scientific, technical, commercial, business, regulatory, and administrative personnel, necessary to support our anticipated growth, develop our business and successfully commercialize our NPS products. Given the scarcity of professionals with the scientific knowledge we require and the intense competition that exists for qualified personnel among life science businesses, we may not succeed in attracting or retaining the personnel we require to continue or grow our operations. We have had limited experience selling the nPulse System. Successfully commercializing medical devices such as ours is a complex and uncertain process. We began marketing and selling the nPulse System in the United States, Canada, and certain limited European markets in late 2021 to dermatologists through a limited direct sales force. In January 2022, we established an operating company in the Netherlands to further enhance our operations in Europe. However, in 2022 and 2023, we eliminated all of our full-time sales and marketing positions and, as of December 31, 2025, we had no international sales force and very few employees in the Unites States with sales and marketing experience. We have only just recently begun to market and sell our Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System. We therefore have had limited experience marketing and selling the nPulse System and our revenue and cash flows have been limited, volatile and difficult to predict. We intend to hire and train a very limited number of sales representatives and clinical specialists with backgrounds and experience in the relevant markets, especially those familiar with energy-based therapies and who have existing relationships with electrophysiologists, otolaryngologists, endocrine surgeons, interventional radiologists, and cardiothoracic surgeons. However, we expect that our sales force will require lead time in the field to grow their network of accounts and achieve the productivity levels we expect them to reach in any individual territory. While few in number, we expect our direct sales representatives to develop long-lasting relationships with the surgeons they serve. Furthermore, the use of our NPS products will often require or benefit from direct support from us. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to hire, train, retain, and motivate skilled direct sales representatives with significant technical knowledge in various areas, such as cardiology, minimally invasive surgery, and ablation technologies. New hires require training and take time to achieve full productivity. If we fail to train new hires adequately, or if we experience high turnover in our sales force in the future, we cannot be certain that new hires will become as productive as may be necessary to maintain or increase our sales. Also, if our direct sales representatives or third-party distributors fail to adequately promote, market and sell our products or decide to leave or cease to do business with us, our sales could significantly decrease or grow at a rate too slowly to become profitable. In addition, our future sales will depend on our ability to increase our marketing efforts and adequately address our customers’ needs. If we are unable to adequately address our customers’ needs, we may not generate sufficient revenue to become profitable. If we are unable to expand our sales and marketing capabilities domestically and internationally, we may not be able to effectively commercialize our products, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Rapidly changing technology in life sciences could make the products we are developing obsolete. The life sciences industries are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our future success will depend on our ability to continually develop and then improve the products that we design and to develop and introduce new products that address the evolving needs of our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis. Also, we will need to pursue new market opportunities that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. These new market opportunities may be outside the scope of our proven expertise or in areas which have unproven market demand. Any new products developed by us may not be accepted in their intended markets. Our inability to gain market acceptance of new products could harm our future operating results. 20 Table of Contents If we are unable to manage the anticipated growth of our business, our future revenue and operating results may be harmed. Recent and future growth imposes significant added responsibilities on management, including the need to identify, recruit, train, and integrate additional employees. Rapid expansion of our workforce could result in less experienced people carrying out important activities at our Company, which could result in inefficiencies and unanticipated costs, reduced quality, and disruptions to our operations. In addition, rapid and significant growth may strain our administrative and operational infrastructure, and the failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative, operating, and financial control systems, or the occurrence of other unexpected expansion difficulties, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our ability to timely execute our business plan. Our ability to manage our growth properly will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. We may implement new enterprise software systems in a number of areas affecting a broad range of business processes and functional areas. The time and resources required to implement these new systems is uncertain and failure to complete this in a timely and efficient manner could harm our business. We cannot guarantee that any of the personnel, systems, procedures, and controls we put in place will be adequate to support the manufacture and distribution of our products. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, it may be difficult for us to execute our business strategy and our business could be harmed. We must successfully educate and train surgeons and their staff on the proper use of the nPulse System; if our customers do not adopt our technology into their medical practices, or adopt our technology slower than expected, our business could suffer. Although many surgeons may have adequate knowledge on how to use our novel nPulse System based on their clinical training and experience, we believe that the most effective way to introduce and build market demand for our products is by directly training surgeons and other physicians in the use of our products. Convincing them to dedicate the time and energy necessary for adequate training is challenging, and we cannot assure you that we will succeed in these efforts. If surgeons and other physicians are not properly trained, they may not use our products and, as a result, we may not maintain or grow our sales or achieve or sustain profitability. If surgeons and other physicians are not properly trained, they may also misuse or ineffectively use our products, which may result in unsatisfactory patient outcomes, patient injury, negative publicity, or lawsuits against us, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our strategy includes educating key opinion leaders in the industry. If these key opinion leaders determine that alternative technologies are more effective or that the benefits offered by our products are not sufficient to justify their cost, or if we encounter difficulty promoting adoption or establishing these systems as a standard of care, our ability to achieve market acceptance of the products we introduce could be significantly limited and our business could suffer. We may encounter manufacturing problems or delays that could result in lost revenue or slower than anticipated product development. Additionally, we currently rely on third-party suppliers for critical components needed to manufacture the nPulse System and related applicators. Any problems experienced by these suppliers could result in a delay or interruption of their supply to us and, as a result, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of products. We currently rely upon third-party suppliers to manufacture and supply components for the nPulse System and for our products under development. We perform final assembly of our nPulse Console and other devices at our facility in California. The manufacture of the nPulse components in compliance with the FDA’s regulations requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of medical device products often encounter difficulties in production, including difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with applicable regulations, both foreign and domestic. 21 Table of Contents We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for their own compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, and if our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture the components needed for our products and products under development in a manner that conforms to our specifications and these strict regulatory requirements, we may not be able to rely on their manufacturing facilities in the future. In addition, we have limited control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority finds these facilities inadequate for the manufacture of our components or if such facilities are subject to enforcement action in the future or are otherwise inadequate with respect to complying with applicable regulatory requirements, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop and market our product or to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for our product candidates. We currently purchase components for our products under purchase orders and do not have long-term contracts with most of the suppliers of these materials. If suppliers were to delay or stop producing our components, or if the prices they charge us were to increase significantly, or if they elected not to sell to us, we would need to identify other suppliers and we may not be able to secure alternative suppliers on favorable terms, or at all. Any failure of these suppliers to perform satisfactorily could adversely impact our business and results of operations and we may experience delays in manufacturing of our devices while finding another acceptable supplier. We may not become commercially viable if our ultimate commercialized products or related treatments fail to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement by Medicare and other third-party payers. We believe that the commercial viability of the nPulse System and any potential devices and products and related treatments, and therefore our commercial success as a company, may be affected by the availability of government reimbursement and medical insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved medical therapies, technologies, and devices. Insurance coverage and reimbursement are not assured. It typically takes a period of use in the marketplace before coverage and reimbursement are granted, if it is granted at all. In the United States and in many other jurisdictions, surgeons and other physicians and other healthcare providers generally rely on insurance coverage and reimbursement for their revenue, therefore this is an important factor in the overall commercialization plans of any proposed product and whether it will be accepted for use in the marketplace. Without insurance coverage and reimbursement for our planned products, we would expect to earn only limited revenue, if any revenue is earned. Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations, and other third-party payers are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both the scope of coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical technologies and products. As a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for the use of the nPulse Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System or any of our other products or products in development. In order to obtain satisfactory reimbursement arrangements, we may have to agree to reduce our fee or sales price below what we currently expect to charge customers, which could adversely affect our profit margins. Moreover, each plan may separately require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products and, as a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained at all. Even if Medicare and other third-party payers decide to cover procedures involving the nPulse System and our proposed devices and products, we cannot be certain that the reimbursement levels will be adequate. Accordingly, even if these products are approved for commercial sale, unless government and other third-party payers provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our devices and products, some surgeons and other physicians may be discouraged from using them, and our sales would suffer. Medicare reimburses for medical technologies and products in a variety of ways, depending on where and how the item is used. However, Medicare only provides reimbursement if CMS determines that the item should be covered and that the use of the device or product is consistent with the coverage criteria. A coverage determination can be made at the local level by the Medicare administrative contractor, a private contractor that processes and pays claims on behalf of CMS for the geographic area where the services were rendered, or at the national level by CMS through a national coverage determination. There are statutory provisions intended to facilitate coverage determinations for new technologies, but it is unclear how these provisions might apply to the nPulse Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System or to any of our proposed devices and products, as they are still largely in the development stages. Coverage presupposes that the technology, device, or product has been cleared or approved by the FDA and further, that the coverage will be consistent with the approved intended uses of the device or product as approved or cleared by the FDA, but coverage can be narrower. A coverage determination may be so limited that relatively few patients will qualify for a covered use of a device or product. 22 Table of Contents Obtaining a coverage determination, whether local or national, is a time-consuming, expensive and highly uncertain proposition, especially for a new technology, and inconsistent local determinations are possible. On average, Medicare coverage determinations for medical devices and products lag behind FDA approval or clearance. The Medicare statutory framework is also subject to administrative rulings, interpretations and discretion that affect the amount and timing of reimbursement made under Medicare. Medicaid coverage determinations and reimbursement levels are determined on a state-by-state basis, because Medicaid, unlike Medicare, is administered by the states under a state plan filed with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”). Medicaid generally reimburses at lower levels than Medicare. Moreover, Medicaid programs and private insurers are frequently influenced by Medicare coverage determinations. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. We have incurred net losses since our inception and anticipate that we may continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. If not utilized, some of our federal and state net operating losses (“NOLs”) carryforwards will begin to expire in various years beginning after 2034. Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and certain similar state tax provisions, we are generally allowed to carry forward our NOLs from a prior taxable year to offset our future taxable income, if any, until such NOLs are used or expire, subject to certain limitations. The same is true of other unused tax attributes, such as tax credits. In addition, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. We believe that we have had one or more ownership changes prior to 2018, but recently performed a Section 382 study to analyze fiscal years 2018 through 2024, and we do not believe that we have had any additional ownership changes over that period. Possible future changes in our stock ownership could result in limitations. We have a substantial amount of goodwill and intangible assets which over time may have to be written down as we make the required periodic assessments as to their value as reflected in our financial statements. A portion of our total assets are comprised of goodwill and intangibles that arose from our 2014 business acquisitions. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill may not be recoverable. We also review our intangible assets for impairment at each fiscal year end or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may exceed their current fair values. If we take an impairment charge for either goodwill or intangible assets, the overall assets will be reduced. Such an impairment charge may result in a change in the perceived value of the Company and ultimately may be reflected as a reduction in the market price of our securities. Additionally, an impairment charge may also adversely influence our ability to raise capital in the future. Risks Related to Product Development and Product-Related Risks Our nPulse System and any future product candidates may cause serious adverse side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial desirability or result in significant negative consequences. The risk of failure of clinical development is high. For example, the vast majority of our in vivo data has been a result of animal testing outside of cardiac animal models, and we have only completed a limited number of feasibility studies in humans. Undesirable side effects caused by the nPulse System, NPS pulses, or any of our planned future products could cause us, any partners of ours, or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials or to revoke previously granted regulatory approvals. Undesirable side effects could also result in more restrictive labeling requirements or the delay or denial of regulatory approval of planned future products by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority. 23 Table of Contents Additionally, if we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by the nPulse System, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: ● we may be forced to recall such product and suspend the marketing of such product; ● regulatory authorities may withdraw their approvals of such product; ● regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label and/or narrow the indication of use for the product which could diminish the usage or otherwise limit the commercial success of such product; ● the FDA or other regulatory authorities may issue safety alerts, “Dear Healthcare Provider” letters, press releases, or other communications containing warnings about such product; ● the FDA may restrict distribution of our product and impose burdensome implementation requirements on us; ● we may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; ● we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients; and ● our reputation could suffer. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the nPulse System or of any future particular planned product, if approved. Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure or delay can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. For example, success in nonclinical studies and early feasibility clinical studies does not ensure that the expanded clinical trials needed to support regulatory submissions will be successful. Setbacks can be caused by, among other things, nonclinical findings made while clinical trials are underway, safety or efficacy observations made in clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events, or post-approval observations. Even if our clinical trials are completed, the results may not be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for our product candidates or to expand the existing approvals or clearances for our existing products. To date, we have had only limited clinical experience treating AF with our nPulse Cardiac Catheter and our nPulse Cardiac Surgery Clamp and only limited clinical and commercial experience treating benign thyroid nodules with our Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System; our past successes in dermatology may not translate into similar results in cardiology or in any other medical field. Our long-term growth depends on our ability to develop marketable products to treat AF, tumors and nodules through our research and development efforts, and if we fail to do so we may be unable to compete effectively or we may decide to scale back or eliminate some or all of our activities or otherwise curtail, suspend or discontinue our operations entirely. The medical device industry is characterized by intense competition, rapid technological changes, new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our business prospects depend on our ability to develop new products and applications for our NPS technology, including in new markets that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than our products. It is important that we anticipate changes in technology and market demand, as well as physician, hospital, and healthcare provider practices to successfully develop, obtain clearance or approval, if required, and successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive technologies to meet our prospective customers’ needs on a timely and cost-effective basis. 24 Table of Contents If we do not develop and obtain regulatory clearances or approvals for new products or product enhancements in time to meet market demand, or if there is insufficient demand for these products or enhancements, our results of operations will suffer. Our research and development efforts may require a substantial investment of time and resources before we are adequately able to determine the commercial viability of a new product, technology, material, or other innovation. In addition, even if we are able to develop enhancements or new generations of our products successfully, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce sales in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. Moreover, if our technology cannot be used to successfully treat AF, tumors and nodules, we may decide to, among other things, delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our activities, reduce headcount, trim research and product development programs, discontinue clinical trials, stop all or some of our manufacturing operations, defer capital expenditures, deregister from being a publicly traded company and delist from Nasdaq, or license our products, potential products or technologies to third parties, possibly on terms that cannot sustain our current business, or curtail, suspend or discontinue our operations entirely. Interim “ top-line ” and preliminary results from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publish interim top-line or preliminary results from our clinical trials. Interim results from clinical trials that we may announce are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as more follow-up data are gathered, patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or top-line results, including our preliminary data from our feasibility thyroid nodule study, our first-in-human cardiac clamp study, and our first-in-human cardiac catheter study, also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published or announced. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects and may cause the trading price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. If we fail to maintain necessary regulatory clearance for our products, or if clearances or approvals for future devices and indications are delayed or not issued, the commercial prospects for our nPulse System and other NPS technologies would be harmed. Our product candidates under development are medical devices that are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and by regulatory agencies in other countries where we do business. Government regulations specific to medical devices are wide-ranging and govern, among other things: ● device design, development and manufacture; ● laboratory, preclinical and clinical testing, labeling, packaging, and storage; ● premarketing clearance or approval; ● record keeping; ● device marketing, promotion and advertising, sales and distribution; and ● post-marketing surveillance, including reporting of deaths and serious injuries and recalls and correction and removals. Before a new medical device, or a new intended use for an existing device, can be marketed in the United States, the device’s manufacturer must first submit and receive either 510(k) clearance or Premarket Approval (“PMA”) from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. In the 510(k)-clearance process, the FDA will determine that a proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a device legally on the market, known as a “predicate” device, with respect to intended use, technology and safety and effectiveness, in order to clear the proposed device for marketing. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. The PMA pathway requires an applicant to demonstrate reasonable safety and effectiveness of the device based on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing, and labeling data. The PMA process is typically required for devices that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting, or implantable devices. Products that are approved through a PMA application generally need FDA approval before they can be modified. Similarly, some modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) may require a new 510(k). Either process can be expensive, lengthy and unpredictable. 25 Table of Contents The FDA may not approve or clear our 510(k), de novo, or PMA applications on a timely basis or at all. Such delays or refusals could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. The FDA may also change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other action which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. The FDA and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) also regulate the advertising and promotion of our devices to ensure that the claims we make are consistent with our regulatory clearances or approvals, that there are adequate and reasonable data to substantiate the claims and that our promotional labeling and advertising is neither false nor misleading in any respect. If the FDA or the FTC determines that any of our advertising or promotional claims are misleading, not substantiated or not permissible, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including FDA warning letters, and we may be required to revise our promotional claims and make other corrections or restitutions. The FDA and state authorities have broad enforcement powers. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA or state agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions, among others: ● adverse publicity, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties; ● obligations to repair, replace, refund, or recall our marketed devices, or government seizure of them; ● operating restrictions, partial suspension, or total shutdown of production; ● refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new devices, new intended uses or modifications to existing devices; ● withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that have already been granted; and ● criminal prosecution. If any of these events were to occur, our business and financial condition would be harmed. The mechanism of action of our NPS technology platform has not been fully determined or validated. The exact mechanism(s) of action(s) of our NPS technology platform, including nsPFA, is not fully understood, and data are still being gathered regarding its use. Furthermore, there are only a relatively small number of scientists and researchers who can be considered experts in the use of this emerging technology. Insofar as potential regulators, partners or investors value a clear understanding of a technology’s mechanism of action, this limitation could make it more challenging for us to obtain requisite regulatory approvals, investments or a partnership on favorable terms as a result. We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials. If we cannot enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in our clinical trials, we may not be able to initiate or continue them, which could delay or prevent development of our product candidates. Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical trials depends on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing our product candidates as well as completion of required follow-up periods. In general, if patients are unwilling to participate in our trials because of negative publicity from adverse events in the health care industry or for other reasons, including competitive clinical trials for similar patient populations, the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting trials and obtaining regulatory approval or clearance of planned products may be delayed. If there are delays in accumulating the required patients and patient data, there may be delays in completing the trial. Further, if any of our clinical trial sites fail to comply with required good clinical practices, we may be unable to use the data gathered at those sites. Also, if our clinical investigators fail to carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be delayed, suspended, or terminated. These delays could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product development, delays in testing the effectiveness of our technology or termination of the clinical trials altogether, and delays in obtaining regulatory authorization for our products. 26 Table of Contents Laboratory conditions differ from commercial conditions and field conditions, and the safety and effectiveness of our product candidates may depend on the technique of the user. Observations and developments that may be achievable under laboratory circumstances may not be replicable in broader research and development phases, in commercial settings, or in the use of any of any product or product candidates in the field. Furthermore, our NPS technologies will be administered by healthcare professionals and will require a degree of training and practice to administer correctly. Treatment results achieved in the laboratory or in clinical trials conducted by us or by other investigators may not be representative of the results actually encountered during commercial use of our products due to variability in administration technique. Moreover, the training and skills of investigators in our clinical trials may not be representative of the training and skills of future product users, which could negatively affect treatment results and the reputation of the Company or its products. In addition, there may be a selection bias in the patients and/or sites of administration chosen for any clinical trials that would positively affect treatment results that may not be representative or predictive of real-world experience with our products, including the nPulse System. Issues with our firmware and software may negatively affect the function of our devices. The safety and effectiveness of nsPFA procedures and therapies may depend, in part, on the function of firmware run by the microprocessors embedded in the device and associated software. This firmware and software is proprietary to us. While we have made efforts to test the firmware and software extensively, both are potentially subject to malfunction which in turn may harm patients. Further, our proprietary firmware and software may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, hackers, improper employee or contractor access, computer viruses, programming errors, data breaches, or similar problems. Any of these might result in harm to patients or the unauthorized release of confidential medical, business or other information belonging to us or to other persons. Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, & Litigation If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, then our financial condition, results of operations and the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. Patents and other proprietary rights are essential to our business and our ability to compete effectively with other companies is dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. Similarly, our future success partnering our NPS technologies, including our nPulse System, will depend greatly on the perceived strength and reach of the patents protecting those technologies against unlicensed competitors. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We seek to protect these, in part, through confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and other parties. Our success will depend in part on the ability of our licensors and us to obtain, to maintain (including making periodic filings and payments) and to enforce patent protection for the licensed intellectual property, in particular, those patents to which we have secured rights. We may not successfully prosecute or continue to prosecute the patent applications which we have licensed. Even if patents are issued in respect of these patent applications, we may fail to maintain these patents or may determine not to pursue litigation against entities that are infringing upon these patents. Without adequate protection for the intellectual property that we own or license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products for sale, which could unfavorably affect our competitive business position and harm our business prospects. Even if issued, patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing similar products or limit the length of term of patent protection that we may have for our products. Litigation or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement or challenges to the validity of our patents would require us to use resources to protect our technology and may prevent or delay our development, regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates. If we are the target of claims by any third party asserting that our products or intellectual property infringe upon the rights of others, we may be forced to incur substantial expenses or divert substantial employee resources from our business. If successful, such claims could result in our having to pay substantial damages or could prevent us from developing one or more products or product candidates. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us or our collaborators, we or they could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing, or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit. 27 Table of Contents If we, or our collaborators, experience patent infringement claims, or if we elect to avoid potential claims others may be able to assert, we or our collaborators may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we or our collaborators were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we or our collaborators are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. This could harm our business significantly. The cost to us of any litigation or other proceeding, regardless of its merit, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Some of our competitors may be able to bear the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their having greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. Intellectual property litigation and other proceedings may, regardless of their merit, also absorb significant management time and employee resources. Our intellectual property rights will not necessarily provide us with competitive advantages. The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us or our future commercial partners to maintain a competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: ● others may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; ● others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing on our intellectual property rights; ● issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; ● we may obtain patents for certain products many years before we obtain marketing approval for products utilizing such patents, and because patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial sale of the related product, the commercial value of our patents may be limited; ● our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; ● we may fail to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; ● the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, or we may fail to apply for or obtain adequate intellectual property protection in all the jurisdictions in which we operate; and ● the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business, for example by preventing us from marketing one or more of our product candidates for one or more indications. Any of the aforementioned threats to our competitive advantage could harm our business. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. In addition to patented technology, we rely upon, among other things, unpatented proprietary technology, processes, trade secrets, and know-how. Any involuntary disclosure to, or misappropriation by, third parties of our confidential or proprietary information could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, potentially eroding our competitive position in our market. We seek to protect confidential and proprietary information in part by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties. While we require, as a matter of company policy, that all of our employees, consultants, advisors, and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be certain that this know-how, information and technology will not be improperly disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. These confidentiality agreements may be terminated or breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such termination or breach. Furthermore, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. 28 Table of Contents If we are unable to protect the intellectual property used in our products, others may be able to copy our innovations which may impair our ability to compete effectively in our markets. Evaluating the strength and enforceability of our patents involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. Both our patents and patent applications can be challenged by third parties, and our patent applications may fail to result in issued patents. Moreover, both our existing and future patents may be too narrow to prevent third parties from developing or designing around our intellectual property and, in that event, we may lose competitive advantage and our business may suffer. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our current or future product candidates, if any, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon whom we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, regulatory investigations and actions; litigation (including class claims); fines and penalties; a disruption of our business operations such as our clinical trials; reputational harm; loss of revenue and profits; and other adverse consequences. We depend on our information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business, including the manufacture, distribution and maintenance of our products, as well as for accounting, data storage, compliance, purchasing, inventory management, and other related functions. We do not have redundant information technology in all aspects of our systems at this time. Despite the implementation of security and back-up measures, our information technology systems as well as those of our third-party partners, consultants, contractors, suppliers, and service providers, may be vulnerable to attack, damage and interruption from physical or electronic break-ins, accidental or intentional exposure of our data by employees or others with authorized access to our networks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, malicious code, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, denial or degradation of service attacks, attacks by sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, supply chain attacks, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failure, denial of service, and other cyberattacks or disruptive incidents that could result in unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of, corruption of, or loss of sensitive, and/or proprietary data, including health-related and other personal information. In the ordinary course of our business, we (and third parties upon whom we rely) may collect, receive, store, use, transfer, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, disclose or otherwise process proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data, such as health-related data and participant study related data, intellectual property, and trade secrets (collectively, “sensitive data”). We may share or receive sensitive data with or from third parties whose information security measures may not be adequate. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic caused us to modify our information technology practices, such as by allowing most of our employees to work remotely, on a full-time basis or from time to time, which increases the risk of data breaches. Additionally, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access our sensitive data increases the risk of data breaches. While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our business operations, whether due to a loss, corruption or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets, personal information or other proprietary or sensitive information or other similar disruptions. The costs to us to attempt to protect against such breaches can be significant and could potentially require us to modify our business, including non-clinical and clinical trial activities. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect our information technology systems and to identify and remediate potential vulnerabilities, such measures may not be successful. We may not be able to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques used by threat actors change frequently are sophisticated in nature and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. 29 Table of Contents If we, or others upon whom we rely, experience or are perceived to have experienced a breach, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections), interruptions in our operations (including disruptions to our clinical trials), interruptions or restrictions on processing sensitive data (which could result in delays in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, regulatory approvals and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the sensitive data), unauthorized, unlawful or accidental loss, corruption, access, modification, destruction, alteration, acquisition or disclosure of sensitive data, such as clinical trial data, reputational harm, litigation (including class-action claims), indemnification obligations, monetary fund diversions, financial loss and other harms. In particular, ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant disruptions to operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm and diversion of funds. Additionally, theft of our intellectual property or proprietary business information could require substantial expenditures to remedy. Such theft could also lead to loss of intellectual property rights through disclosure of our proprietary business information, and such loss may not be capable of remedying. In addition, such a breach may require notification of the breach to relevant stakeholders. Such disclosures are costly and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Implementation of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies may result in legal and regulatory risks, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences to our business. We have incorporated, and continue to explore ways to further incorporate, artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies, including generative AI and machine learning, into certain of our internal operations. AI tools are complex and rapidly evolving and may prove flawed, incomplete, biased, or inaccurate in their outputs, which could adversely affect business decisions, expose us to legal claims, and harm our reputation; additionally, employees using AI tools could inadvertently disclose Company confidential information or trade secrets. Also, as a small company with limited resources, we may be unable to access or deploy the most advanced AI tools available, potentially placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to better-resourced competitors. Moreover, the regulatory landscape governing AI use is subject to rapid and ongoing change, and this risk is particularly acute for us as a medical device company operating in the healthcare industry, where AI regulation is developing especially quickly — including through the EU AI Act, emerging U.S. state AI laws, executive orders imposing transparency requirements on AI used in certified health information technology, and evolving FDA guidance. Our limited resources may make it especially difficult to monitor and achieve timely compliance with new or evolving obligations, and failure to do so could subject us to enforcement actions, fines, or litigation. Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit commercialization of our products or any future products that we may develop. We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of our products and the future sale of planned products and the use of these in human clinical studies. For example, we may be sued if our products or any of our product candidates, including any that are developed in combination therapies, allegedly cause injury, or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing, or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability, or a breach of warranties. We may also be subject to liability for a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our products or planned products caused injuries, we may incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in, among other things: ● decreased demand for our product or any planned products that we may develop; ● injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; ● withdrawal of patients from our clinical studies or cancellation of studies; ● significant costs to defend the related litigation and distraction to our management team; ● substantial monetary awards to patients; ● loss of revenue; ● government investigations or enforcement actions; and ● the inability to commercialize any future products that we may develop. 30 Table of Contents For example, during the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events for reasons that may or may not be related to the nPulse System or our NPS technology. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact, or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market those products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even if we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval processes, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our products could receive or maintain. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could harm our business. We currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, which may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. Risks Related to Government Regulation We are subject to stringent domestic and foreign regulation. Any unfavorable regulatory action or adverse change in law may materially and adversely affect our future financial condition and business operations and prospects. The nPulse System and any other potential devices and products we develop are, and will continue to be, subject to extensive, rigorous, and ongoing regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities. To varying degrees, each of these agencies monitors and enforces our compliance with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, distribution, and the safety and effectiveness of our medical technology. The process of obtaining and maintaining marketing approval or clearance from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities for new devices and products, or for enhancements, expansion of the indications or modifications to existing products, could: ● take a significant indeterminate amount of time; ● require the expenditure of substantial resources; ● involve rigorous preclinical and clinical testing, and possibly post-market surveillance; ● involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products; ● require design changes of our products; ● result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products; and ● result in our never being granted the regulatory approval or clearance we seek. If we experience any of these occurrences, our operations may suffer and we might experience harm to our competitive standing, which could adversely affect our financial condition. We are subject to, and will have ongoing responsibilities under, FDA and international regulations, both before and after a product is approved or cleared and commercially released. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections. If an inspection were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities could ban such devices or products, detain or seize such devices or products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such devices or products, or require us to notify health professionals and others that the therapies, devices or products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. Additionally, the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may impose other operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining to our devices and products or assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees, or us. The FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities have been increasing their scrutiny of the industry and governments are expected to continue to scrutinize the industry closely with inspections and possibly enforcement actions. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our devices and products, including the nPulse System. In addition, negative publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 31 Table of Contents Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs, decrease our revenue, and impact sales of, and reimbursement for, our current and future products. For example, the Affordable Care Act substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted our industry, while recent changes in U.S. federal law and policy, including the expiration of enhanced Affordable Care Act subsidies and reductions in Medicaid funding, as well as Congressional deadlock over healthcare funding, have increased the likelihood that fewer patients in the United States will be insured and that insured patients will face higher out-of-pocket costs, which could result in downward pressure on prices for medical products such as ours. There will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators, and third-party payors to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Certain of these changes could impose additional limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our current and future products or the amounts of reimbursement available for our current and future products from governmental agencies or third-party payors. Disruptions in the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel or otherwise prevent new product candidates and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA’s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, such as those that occurred in October and November 2025, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, disruptions may result from events similar to the COVID-19 pandemic. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA’s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. In the event of a similar public health emergency in the future, the FDA may not be able to continue its current pace and review timelines could be extended. Regulatory authorities outside the United States facing similar circumstances may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to a similar public health emergency and may also experience delays in their regulatory activities. Furthermore, given changes to the U.S. government's policies and priorities since January 2025, there is substantial uncertainty as to how, if at all, the current administration will seek to modify or revise the requirements and policies of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over our product candidates. There is also uncertainty as to how other measures being implemented by the current administration across the government will impact our activities and those of the FDA and its operations. For example, the potential loss of FDA personnel could lead to further disruptions and delays in FDA review of our product candidates and FDA guidance regarding our or our collaborators’ clinical development programs. Similarly, efforts by the new administration to substantially reduce federal funding of medical research could have substantial indirect impacts on our research activities. Accordingly, if a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Future shutdowns or other disruptions could also affect other government agencies such as the SEC, which may also impact our business by delaying review of our public filings, to the extent such review is necessary, and our ability to access the public markets. 32 Table of Contents All our product development depends upon maintaining strong working relationships with physicians. The development, marketing, and sale of any future products in development depends upon our ability to maintain strong working relationships with physicians. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding the development, marketing, and sale of our products. Physicians assist us in clinical trials and as researchers, marketing and product consultants and public speakers. If we cannot maintain our strong working relationships with these professionals and continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The medical device industry’s relationship with physicians is under increasing scrutiny by the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”), the Department of Justice (“DOJ”), state attorneys general, and other foreign and domestic government agencies. Our failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations governing our relationships with physicians, or an investigation into our compliance by the OIG, DOJ, state attorneys general, and other government agencies, could significantly harm our business, including compromising the use or integrity of our clinical data in regulatory submissions to the FDA or similar regulatory authorities. We are subject to healthcare and other laws and regulations relating to our business and could face substantial penalties if we are determined not to have fully complied with such laws, which could have an adverse impact on our business. We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, consultants, any commercial collaborators, service providers and other

--- VENDORS ---
vendors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or other unauthorized activities that violate applicable laws or regulations. There are many federal and state laws and regulations prohibiting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry that can result in significant criminal and civil penalties. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell, and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval or clearance. Such laws include: ● U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. The term “remuneration” has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, and the government can find a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute without proving that a person or entity had actual knowledge of the law or a specific intent to violate it. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; ● U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which, among other things, impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. government; ● HIPAA imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; ● HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH"), and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by covered entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers as well as their business associates that perform certain services for or on their behalf involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information; 33 Table of Contents ● the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the government information related to payments or other “transfers of value” made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and requires applicable manufacturers and group purchasing organizations to report annually to the government ownership and investment interests held by these physicians and their immediate family members; ● anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or FCPA, and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery laws in other non-U.S. jurisdictions, as well as export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations, all of which expose us to trade and economic sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the United States, the European Union, and other governments and organizations, as we grow our international presence and global operations; additionally, the FCPA imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded U.S. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments, and numerous other laws restrict, and in some cases prohibit, U.S. companies from directly or indirectly selling goods, technology or services to people or entities in certain countries; ● the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), which require covered companies, such as companies with over $25 million in annual gross revenue, to, among other things, provide certain disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers certain abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, conduct and document data protection assessments for high-risk processing, maintain systems to respond to consumer requests, and provide detailed privacy notices explaining data collection, use, retention, and disclosure practices; ● federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and ● analogous state and non-U.S. laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales, and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and pricing information; and state and non-U.S. laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. We have implemented compliance related programs and procedures consistent with our stage of development to help identify and deter healthcare and other violations by employees and other third parties that perform services for us. Notwithstanding our efforts, however, it is possible that governmental authorities may conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance, or case law involving applicable healthcare or other applicable laws. Also, any material changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to our business could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. To obtain the necessary device approvals or clearances from regulatory authorities for our future product candidates, we will have to conduct various preclinical and clinical tests, which may be costly and time consuming, and may not provide results that will allow us to seek regulatory approval or clearance. The number of preclinical and clinical tests that will be required for regulatory clearance or approval varies depending on the disease or condition to be treated, the method of treatment, the nature of the device, the jurisdiction in which we are seeking approval or clearance and the applicable regulations. Regulatory agencies, including those in the United States, Canada, Europe, and other jurisdictions where medical devices and products are regulated can delay, limit or deny approval of a product for many reasons. For example, regulatory agencies: 34 Table of Contents ● may not deem a technology or device to be reasonably safe or effective for any intended use or indication; ● may interpret data from preclinical and clinical testing differently than we do; ● may determine our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners for their own compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, and if our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture the components needed for our products and products under development in a manner that conforms to our specifications and these strict regulatory requirements, we may not be able to rely on their manufacturing facilities in the future. In addition, we have limited control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority finds these facilities inadequate for the manufacture of our components or if such facilities are subject to enforcement action in the future or are otherwise inadequate with respect to complying with applicable regulatory requirements, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop and market our product or to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for our product candidates. We currently purchase components for our products under purchase orders and do not have long-term contracts with most of the suppliers of these materials. If suppliers were to delay or stop producing our components, or if the prices they charge us were to increase significantly, or if they elected not to sell to us, we would need to identify other suppliers and we may not be able to secure alternative suppliers on favorable terms, or at all. Any failure of these suppliers to perform satisfactorily could adversely impact our business and results of operations and we may experience delays in manufacturing of our devices while finding another acceptable supplier. We may not become commercially viable if our ultimate commercialized products or related treatments fail to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement by Medicare and other third-party payers. We believe that the commercial viability of the nPulse System and any potential devices and products and related treatments, and therefore our commercial success as a company, may be affected by the availability of government reimbursement and medical insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved medical therapies, technologies, and devices. Insurance coverage and reimbursement are not assured. It typically takes a period of use in the marketplace before coverage and reimbursement are granted, if it is granted at all. In the United States and in many other jurisdictions, surgeons and other physicians and other healthcare providers generally rely on insurance coverage and reimbursement for their revenue, therefore this is an important factor in the overall commercialization plans of any proposed product and whether it will be accepted for use in the marketplace. Without insurance coverage and reimbursement for our planned products, we would expect to earn only limited revenue, if any revenue is earned. Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations, and other third-party payers are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both the scope of coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical technologies and products. As a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for the use of the nPulse Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System or any of our other products or products in development. In order to obtain satisfactory reimbursement arrangements, we may have to agree to reduce our fee or sales price below what we currently expect to charge customers, which could adversely affect our profit margins. Moreover, each plan may separately require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products and, as a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained at all. Even if Medicare and other third-party payers decide to cover procedures involving the nPulse System and our proposed devices and products, we cannot be certain that the reimbursement levels will be adequate. Accordingly, even if these products are approved for commercial sale, unless government and other third-party payers provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our devices and products, some surgeons and other physicians may be discouraged from using them, and our sales would suffer. Medicare reimburses for medical technologies and products in a variety of ways, depending on where and how the item is used. However, Medicare only provides reimbursement if CMS determines that the item should be covered and that the use of the device or product is consistent with the coverage criteria. A coverage determination can be made at the local level by the Medicare administrative contractor, a private contractor that processes and pays claims on behalf of CMS for the geographic area where the services were rendered, or at the national level by CMS through a national coverage determination. There are statutory provisions intended to facilitate coverage determinations for new technologies, but it is unclear how these provisions might apply to the nPulse Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System or to any of our proposed devices and products, as they are still largely in the development stages. Coverage presupposes that the technology, device, or product has been cleared or approved by the FDA and further, that the coverage will be consistent with the approved intended uses of the device or product as approved or cleared by the FDA, but coverage can be narrower. A coverage determination may be so limited that relatively few patients will qualify for a covered use of a device or product. 22 Table of Contents Obtaining a coverage determination, whether local or national, is a time-consuming, expensive and highly uncertain proposition, especially for a new technology, and inconsistent local determinations are possible. On average, Medicare coverage determinations for medical devices and products lag behind FDA approval or clearance. The Medicare statutory framework is also subject to administrative rulings, interpretations and discretion that affect the amount and timing of reimbursement made under Medicare. Medicaid coverage determinations and reimbursement levels are determined on a state-by-state basis, because Medicaid, unlike Medicare, is administered by the states under a state plan filed with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”). Medicaid generally reimburses at lower levels than Medicare. Moreover, Medicaid programs and private insurers are frequently influenced by Medicare coverage determinations. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. We have incurred net losses since our inception and anticipate that we may continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. If not utilized, some of our federal and state net operating losses (“NOLs”) carryforwards will begin to expire in various years beginning after 2034. Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and certain similar state tax provisions, we are generally allowed to carry forward our NOLs from a prior taxable year to offset our future taxable income, if any, until such NOLs are used or expire, subject to certain limitations. The same is true of other unused tax attributes, such as tax credits. In addition, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. We believe that we have had one or more ownership changes prior to 2018, but recently performed a Section 382 study to analyze fiscal years 2018 through 2024, and we do not believe that we have had any additional ownership changes over that period. Possible future changes in our stock ownership could result in limitations. We have a substantial amount of goodwill and intangible assets which over time may have to be written down as we make the required periodic assessments as to their value as reflected in our financial statements. A portion of our total assets are comprised of goodwill and intangibles that arose from our 2014 business acquisitions. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill may not be recoverable. We also review our intangible assets for impairment at each fiscal year end or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may exceed their current fair values. If we take an impairment charge for either goodwill or intangible assets, the overall assets will be reduced. Such an impairment charge may result in a change in the perceived value of the Company and ultimately may be reflected as a reduction in the market price of our securities. Additionally, an impairment charge may also adversely influence our ability to raise capital in the future. Risks Related to Product Development and Product-Related Risks Our nPulse System and any future product candidates may cause serious adverse side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial desirability or result in significant negative consequences. The risk of failure of clinical development is high. For example, the vast majority of our in vivo data has been a result of animal testing outside of cardiac animal models, and we have only completed a limited number of feasibility studies in humans. Undesirable side effects caused by the nPulse System, NPS pulses, or any of our planned future products could cause us, any partners of ours, or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials or to revoke previously granted regulatory approvals. Undesirable side effects could also result in more restrictive labeling requirements or the delay or denial of regulatory approval of planned future products by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority. 23 Table of Contents Additionally, if we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by the nPulse System, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: ● we may be forced to recall such product and suspend the marketing of such product; ● regulatory authorities may withdraw their approvals of such product; ● regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label and/or narrow the indication of use for the product which could diminish the usage or otherwise limit the commercial success of such product; ● the FDA or other regulatory authorities may issue safety alerts, “Dear Healthcare Provider” letters, press releases, or other communications containing warnings about such product; ● the FDA may restrict distribution of our product and impose burdensome implementation requirements on us; ● we may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; ● we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients; and ● our reputation could suffer. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the nPulse System or of any future particular planned product, if approved. Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure or delay can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. For example, success in nonclinical studies and early feasibility clinical studies does not ensure that the expanded clinical trials needed to support regulatory submissions will be successful. Setbacks can be caused by, among other things, nonclinical findings made while clinical trials are underway, safety or efficacy observations made in clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events, or post-approval observations. Even if our clinical trials are completed, the results may not be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for our product candidates or to expand the existing approvals or clearances for our existing products. To date, we have had only limited clinical experience treating AF with our nPulse Cardiac Catheter and our nPulse Cardiac Surgery Clamp and only limited clinical and commercial experience treating benign thyroid nodules with our Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System; our past successes in dermatology may not translate into similar results in cardiology or in any other medical field. Our long-term growth depends on our ability to develop marketable products to treat AF, tumors and nodules through our research and development efforts, and if we fail to do so we may be unable to compete effectively or we may decide to scale back or eliminate some or all of our activities or otherwise curtail, suspend or discontinue our operations entirely. The medical device industry is characterized by intense competition, rapid technological changes, new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our business prospects depend on our ability to develop new products and applications for our NPS technology, including in new markets that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than our products. It is important that we anticipate changes in technology and market demand, as well as physician, hospital, and healthcare provider practices to successfully develop, obtain clearance or approval, if required, and successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive technologies to meet our prospective customers’ needs on a timely and cost-effective basis. 24 Table of Contents If we do not develop and obtain regulatory clearances or approvals for new products or product enhancements in time to meet market demand, or if there is insufficient demand for these products or enhancements, our results of operations will suffer. Our research and development efforts may require a substantial investment of time and resources before we are adequately able to determine the commercial viability of a new product, technology, material, or other innovation. In addition, even if we are able to develop enhancements or new generations of our products successfully, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce sales in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. Moreover, if our technology cannot be used to successfully treat AF, tumors and nodules, we may decide to, among other things, delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our activities, reduce headcount, trim research and product development programs, discontinue clinical trials, stop all or some of our manufacturing operations, defer capital expenditures, deregister from being a publicly traded company and delist from Nasdaq, or license our products, potential products or technologies to third parties, possibly on terms that cannot sustain our current business, or curtail, suspend or discontinue our operations entirely. Interim “ top-line ” and preliminary results from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publish interim top-line or preliminary results from our clinical trials. Interim results from clinical trials that we may announce are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as more follow-up data are gathered, patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or top-line results, including our preliminary data from our feasibility thyroid nodule study, our first-in-human cardiac clamp study, and our first-in-human cardiac catheter study, also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published or announced. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects and may cause the trading price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. If we fail to maintain necessary regulatory clearance for our products, or if clearances or approvals for future devices and indications are delayed or not issued, the commercial prospects for our nPulse System and other NPS technologies would be harmed. Our product candidates under development are medical devices that are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and by regulatory agencies in other countries where we do business. Government regulations specific to medical devices are wide-ranging and govern, among other things: ● device design, development and manufacture; ● laboratory, preclinical and clinical testing, labeling, packaging, and storage; ● premarketing clearance or approval; ● record keeping; ● device marketing, promotion and advertising, sales and distribution; and ● post-marketing surveillance, including reporting of deaths and serious injuries and recalls and correction and removals. Before a new medical device, or a new intended use for an existing device, can be marketed in the United States, the device’s manufacturer must first submit and receive either 510(k) clearance or Premarket Approval (“PMA”) from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. In the 510(k)-clearance process, the FDA will determine that a proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a device legally on the market, known as a “predicate” device, with respect to intended use, technology and safety and effectiveness, in order to clear the proposed device for marketing. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. The PMA pathway requires an applicant to demonstrate reasonable safety and effectiveness of the device based on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing, and labeling data. The PMA process is typically required for devices that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting, or implantable devices. Products that are approved through a PMA application generally need FDA approval before they can be modified. Similarly, some modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) may require a new 510(k). Either process can be expensive, lengthy and unpredictable. 25 Table of Contents The FDA may not approve or clear our 510(k), de novo, or PMA applications on a timely basis or at all. Such delays or refusals could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. The FDA may also change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other action which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. The FDA and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) also regulate the advertising and promotion of our devices to ensure that the claims we make are consistent with our regulatory clearances or approvals, that there are adequate and reasonable data to substantiate the claims and that our promotional labeling and advertising is neither false nor misleading in any respect. If the FDA or the FTC determines that any of our advertising or promotional claims are misleading, not substantiated or not permissible, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including FDA warning letters, and we may be required to revise our promotional claims and make other corrections or restitutions. The FDA and state authorities have broad enforcement powers. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA or state agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions, among others: ● adverse publicity, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties; ● obligations to repair, replace, refund, or recall our marketed devices, or government seizure of them; ● operating restrictions, partial suspension, or total shutdown of production; ● refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new devices, new intended uses or modifications to existing devices; ● withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that have already been granted; and ● criminal prosecution. If any of these events were to occur, our business and financial condition would be harmed. The mechanism of action of our NPS technology platform has not been fully determined or validated. The exact mechanism(s) of action(s) of our NPS technology platform, including nsPFA, is not fully understood, and data are still being gathered regarding its use. Furthermore, there are only a relatively small number of scientists and researchers who can be considered experts in the use of this emerging technology. Insofar as potential regulators, partners or investors value a clear understanding of a technology’s mechanism of action, this limitation could make it more challenging for us to obtain requisite regulatory approvals, investments or a partnership on favorable terms as a result. We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials. If we cannot enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in our clinical trials, we may not be able to initiate or continue them, which could delay or prevent development of our product candidates. Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical trials depends on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing our product candidates as well as completion of required follow-up periods. In general, if patients are unwilling to participate in our trials because of negative publicity from adverse events in the health care industry or for other reasons, including competitive clinical trials for similar patient populations, the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting trials and obtaining regulatory approval or clearance of planned products may be delayed. If there are delays in accumulating the required patients and patient data, there may be delays in completing the trial. Further, if any of our clinical trial sites fail to comply with required good clinical practices, we may be unable to use the data gathered at those sites. Also, if our clinical investigators fail to carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be delayed, suspended, or terminated. These delays could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product development, delays in testing the effectiveness of our technology or termination of the clinical trials altogether, and delays in obtaining regulatory authorization for our products. 26 Table of Contents Laboratory conditions differ from commercial conditions and field conditions, and the safety and effectiveness of our product candidates may depend on the technique of the user. Observations and developments that may be achievable under laboratory circumstances may not be replicable in broader research and development phases, in commercial settings, or in the use of any of any product or product candidates in the field. Furthermore, our NPS technologies will be administered by healthcare professionals and will require a degree of training and practice to administer correctly. Treatment results achieved in the laboratory or in clinical trials conducted by us or by other investigators may not be representative of the results actually encountered during commercial use of our products due to variability in administration technique. Moreover, the training and skills of investigators in our clinical trials may not be representative of the training and skills of future product users, which could negatively affect treatment results and the reputation of the Company or its products. In addition, there may be a selection bias in the patients and/or sites of administration chosen for any clinical trials that would positively affect treatment results that may not be representative or predictive of real-world experience with our products, including the nPulse System. Issues with our firmware and software may negatively affect the function of our devices. The safety and effectiveness of nsPFA procedures and therapies may depend, in part, on the function of firmware run by the microprocessors embedded in the device and associated software. This firmware and software is proprietary to us. While we have made efforts to test the firmware and software extensively, both are potentially subject to malfunction which in turn may harm patients. Further, our proprietary firmware and software may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, hackers, improper employee or contractor access, computer viruses, programming errors, data breaches, or similar problems. Any of these might result in harm to patients or the unauthorized release of confidential medical, business or other information belonging to us or to other persons. Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, & Litigation If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, then our financial condition, results of operations and the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. Patents and other proprietary rights are essential to our business and our ability to compete effectively with other companies is dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. Similarly, our future success partnering our NPS technologies, including our nPulse System, will depend greatly on the perceived strength and reach of the patents protecting those technologies against unlicensed competitors. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We seek to protect these, in part, through confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and other parties. Our success will depend in part on the ability of our licensors and us to obtain, to maintain (including making periodic filings and payments) and to enforce patent protection for the licensed intellectual property, in particular, those patents to which we have secured rights. We may not successfully prosecute or continue to prosecute the patent applications which we have licensed. Even if patents are issued in respect of these patent applications, we may fail to maintain these patents or may determine not to pursue litigation against entities that are infringing upon these patents. Without adequate protection for the intellectual property that we own or license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products for sale, which could unfavorably affect our competitive business position and harm our business prospects. Even if issued, patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing similar products or limit the length of term of patent protection that we may have for our products. Litigation or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement or challenges to the validity of our patents would require us to use resources to protect our technology and may prevent or delay our development, regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates. If we are the target of claims by any third party asserting that our products or intellectual property infringe upon the rights of others, we may be forced to incur substantial expenses or divert substantial employee resources from our business. If successful, such claims could result in our having to pay substantial damages or could prevent us from developing one or more products or product candidates. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us or our collaborators, we or they could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing, or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit. 27 Table of Contents If we, or our collaborators, experience patent infringement claims, or if we elect to avoid potential claims others may be able to assert, we or our collaborators may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we or our collaborators were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we or our collaborators are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. This could harm our business significantly. The cost to us of any litigation or other proceeding, regardless of its merit, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Some of our competitors may be able to bear the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their having greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. Intellectual property litigation and other proceedings may, regardless of their merit, also absorb significant management time and employee resources. Our intellectual property rights will not necessarily provide us with competitive advantages. The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us or our future commercial partners to maintain a competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: ● others may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; ● others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing on our intellectual property rights; ● issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; ● we may obtain patents for certain products many years before we obtain marketing approval for products utilizing such patents, and because patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial sale of the related product, the commercial value of our patents may be limited; ● our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; ● we may fail to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; ● the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, or we may fail to apply for or obtain adequate intellectual property protection in all the jurisdictions in which we operate; and ● the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business, for example by preventing us from marketing one or more of our product candidates for one or more indications. Any of the aforementioned threats to our competitive advantage could harm our business. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. In addition to patented technology, we rely upon, among other things, unpatented proprietary technology, processes, trade secrets, and know-how. Any involuntary disclosure to, or misappropriation by, third parties of our confidential or proprietary information could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, potentially eroding our competitive position in our market. We seek to protect confidential and proprietary information in part by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties. While we require, as a matter of company policy, that all of our employees, consultants, advisors, and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be certain that this know-how, information and technology will not be improperly disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. These confidentiality agreements may be terminated or breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such termination or breach. Furthermore, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. 28 Table of Contents If we are unable to protect the intellectual property used in our products, others may be able to copy our innovations which may impair our ability to compete effectively in our markets. Evaluating the strength and enforceability of our patents involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. Both our patents and patent applications can be challenged by third parties, and our patent applications may fail to result in issued patents. Moreover, both our existing and future patents may be too narrow to prevent third parties from developing or designing around our intellectual property and, in that event, we may lose competitive advantage and our business may suffer. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our current or future product candidates, if any, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon whom we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, regulatory investigations and actions; litigation (including class claims); fines and penalties; a disruption of our business operations such as our clinical trials; reputational harm; loss of revenue and profits; and other adverse consequences. We depend on our information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business, including the manufacture, distribution and maintenance of our products, as well as for accounting, data storage, compliance, purchasing, inventory management, and other related functions. We do not have redundant information technology in all aspects of our systems at this time. Despite the implementation of security and back-up measures, our information technology systems as well as those of our third-party partners, consultants, contractors, suppliers, and service providers, may be vulnerable to attack, damage and interruption from physical or electronic break-ins, accidental or intentional exposure of our data by employees or others with authorized access to our networks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, malicious code, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, denial or degradation of service attacks, attacks by sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, supply chain attacks, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failure, denial of service, and other cyberattacks or disruptive incidents that could result in unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of, corruption of, or loss of sensitive, and/or proprietary data, including health-related and other personal information. In the ordinary course of our business, we (and third parties upon whom we rely) may collect, receive, store, use, transfer, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, disclose or otherwise process proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data, such as health-related data and participant study related data, intellectual property, and trade secrets (collectively, “sensitive data”). We may share or receive sensitive data with or from third parties whose information security measures may not be adequate. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic caused us to modify our information technology practices, such as by allowing most of our employees to work remotely, on a full-time basis or from time to time, which increases the risk of data breaches. Additionally, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access our sensitive data increases the risk of data breaches. While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our business operations, whether due to a loss, corruption or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets, personal information or other proprietary or sensitive information or other similar disruptions. The costs to us to attempt to protect against such breaches can be significant and could potentially require us to modify our business, including non-clinical and clinical trial activities. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect our information technology systems and to identify and remediate potential vulnerabilities, such measures may not be successful. We may not be able to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques used by threat actors change frequently are sophisticated in nature and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. 29 Table of Contents If we, or others upon whom we rely, experience or are perceived to have experienced a breach, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections), interruptions in our operations (including disruptions to our clinical trials), interruptions or restrictions on processing sensitive data (which could result in delays in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, regulatory approvals and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the sensitive data), unauthorized, unlawful or accidental loss, corruption, access, modification, destruction, alteration, acquisition or disclosure of sensitive data, such as clinical trial data, reputational harm, litigation (including class-action claims), indemnification obligations, monetary fund diversions, financial loss and other harms. In particular, ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant disruptions to operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm and diversion of funds. Additionally, theft of our intellectual property or proprietary business information could require substantial expenditures to remedy. Such theft could also lead to loss of intellectual property rights through disclosure of our proprietary business information, and such loss may not be capable of remedying. In addition, such a breach may require notification of the breach to relevant stakeholders. Such disclosures are costly and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Implementation of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies may result in legal and regulatory risks, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences to our business. We have incorporated, and continue to explore ways to further incorporate, artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies, including generative AI and machine learning, into certain of our internal operations. AI tools are complex and rapidly evolving and may prove flawed, incomplete, biased, or inaccurate in their outputs, which could adversely affect business decisions, expose us to legal claims, and harm our reputation; additionally, employees using AI tools could inadvertently disclose Company confidential information or trade secrets. Also, as a small company with limited resources, we may be unable to access or deploy the most advanced AI tools available, potentially placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to better-resourced competitors. Moreover, the regulatory landscape governing AI use is subject to rapid and ongoing change, and this risk is particularly acute for us as a medical device company operating in the healthcare industry, where AI regulation is developing especially quickly — including through the EU AI Act, emerging U.S. state AI laws, executive orders imposing transparency requirements on AI used in certified health information technology, and evolving FDA guidance. Our limited resources may make it especially difficult to monitor and achieve timely compliance with new or evolving obligations, and failure to do so could subject us to enforcement actions, fines, or litigation. Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit commercialization of our products or any future products that we may develop. We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of our products and the future sale of planned products and the use of these in human clinical studies. For example, we may be sued if our products or any of our product candidates, including any that are developed in combination therapies, allegedly cause injury, or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing, or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability, or a breach of warranties. We may also be subject to liability for a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our products or planned products caused injuries, we may incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in, among other things: ● decreased demand for our product or any planned products that we may develop; ● injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; ● withdrawal of patients from our clinical studies or cancellation of studies; ● significant costs to defend the related litigation and distraction to our management team; ● substantial monetary awards to patients; ● loss of revenue; ● government investigations or enforcement actions; and ● the inability to commercialize any future products that we may develop. 30 Table of Contents For example, during the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events for reasons that may or may not be related to the nPulse System or our NPS technology. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact, or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market those products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even if we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval processes, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our products could receive or maintain. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could harm our business. We currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, which may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. Risks Related to Government Regulation We are subject to stringent domestic and foreign regulation. Any unfavorable regulatory action or adverse change in law may materially and adversely affect our future financial condition and business operations and prospects. The nPulse System and any other potential devices and products we develop are, and will continue to be, subject to extensive, rigorous, and ongoing regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities. To varying degrees, each of these agencies monitors and enforces our compliance with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, distribution, and the safety and effectiveness of our medical technology. The process of obtaining and maintaining marketing approval or clearance from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities for new devices and products, or for enhancements, expansion of the indications or modifications to existing products, could: ● take a significant indeterminate amount of time; ● require the expenditure of substantial resources; ● involve rigorous preclinical and clinical testing, and possibly post-market surveillance; ● involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products; ● require design changes of our products; ● result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products; and ● result in our never being granted the regulatory approval or clearance we seek. If we experience any of these occurrences, our operations may suffer and we might experience harm to our competitive standing, which could adversely affect our financial condition. We are subject to, and will have ongoing responsibilities under, FDA and international regulations, both before and after a product is approved or cleared and commercially released. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections. If an inspection were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities could ban such devices or products, detain or seize such devices or products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such devices or products, or require us to notify health professionals and others that the therapies, devices or products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. Additionally, the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may impose other operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining to our devices and products or assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees, or us. The FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities have been increasing their scrutiny of the industry and governments are expected to continue to scrutinize the industry closely with inspections and possibly enforcement actions. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our devices and products, including the nPulse System. In addition, negative publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 31 Table of Contents Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs, decrease our revenue, and impact sales of, and reimbursement for, our current and future products. For example, the Affordable Care Act substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted our industry, while recent changes in U.S. federal law and policy, including the expiration of enhanced Affordable Care Act subsidies and reductions in Medicaid funding, as well as Congressional deadlock over healthcare funding, have increased the likelihood that fewer patients in the United States will be insured and that insured patients will face higher out-of-pocket costs, which could result in downward pressure on prices for medical products such as ours. There will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators, and third-party payors to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Certain of these changes could impose additional limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our current and future products or the amounts of reimbursement available for our current and future products from governmental agencies or third-party payors. Disruptions in the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel or otherwise prevent new product candidates and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA’s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, such as those that occurred in October and November 2025, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, disruptions may result from events similar to the COVID-19 pandemic. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA’s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. In the event of a similar public health emergency in the future, the FDA may not be able to continue its current pace and review timelines could be extended. Regulatory authorities outside the United States facing similar circumstances may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to a similar public health emergency and may also experience delays in their regulatory activities. Furthermore, given changes to the U.S. government's policies and priorities since January 2025, there is substantial uncertainty as to how, if at all, the current administration will seek to modify or revise the requirements and policies of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over our product candidates. There is also uncertainty as to how other measures being implemented by the current administration across the government will impact our activities and those of the FDA and its operations. For example, the potential loss of FDA personnel could lead to further disruptions and delays in FDA review of our product candidates and FDA guidance regarding our or our collaborators’ clinical development programs. Similarly, efforts by the new administration to substantially reduce federal funding of medical research could have substantial indirect impacts on our research activities. Accordingly, if a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Future shutdowns or other disruptions could also affect other government agencies such as the SEC, which may also impact our business by delaying review of our public filings, to the extent such review is necessary, and our ability to access the public markets. 32 Table of Contents All our product development depends upon maintaining strong working relationships with physicians. The development, marketing, and sale of any future products in development depends upon our ability to maintain strong working relationships with physicians. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding the development, marketing, and sale of our products. Physicians assist us in clinical trials and as researchers, marketing and product consultants and public speakers. If we cannot maintain our strong working relationships with these professionals and continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The medical device industry’s relationship with physicians is under increasing scrutiny by the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”), the Department of Justice (“DOJ”), state attorneys general, and other foreign and domestic government agencies. Our failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations governing our relationships with physicians, or an investigation into our compliance by the OIG, DOJ, state attorneys general, and other government agencies, could significantly harm our business, including compromising the use or integrity of our clinical data in regulatory submissions to the FDA or similar regulatory authorities. We are subject to healthcare and other laws and regulations relating to our business and could face substantial penalties if we are determined not to have fully complied with such laws, which could have an adverse impact on our business. We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, consultants, any commercial collaborators, service providers and other vendors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or other unauthorized activities that violate applicable laws or regulations. There are many federal and state laws and regulations prohibiting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry that can result in significant criminal and civil penalties. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell, and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval or clearance. Such laws include: ● U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. The term “remuneration” has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, and the government can find a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute without proving that a person or entity had actual knowledge of the law or a specific intent to violate it. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; ● U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which, among other things, impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. government; ● HIPAA imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; ● HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH"), and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by covered entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers as well as their business associates that perform certain services for or on their behalf involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information; 33 Table of Contents ● the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the government information related to payments or other “transfers of value” made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and requires applicable manufacturers and group purchasing organizations to report annually to the government ownership and investment interests held by these physicians and their immediate family members; ● anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or FCPA, and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery laws in other non-U.S. jurisdictions, as well as export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations, all of which expose us to trade and economic sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the United States, the European Union, and other governments and organizations, as we grow our international presence and global operations; additionally, the FCPA imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded U.S. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments, and numerous other laws restrict, and in some cases prohibit, U.S. companies from directly or indirectly selling goods, technology or services to people or entities in certain countries; ● the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), which require covered companies, such as companies with over $25 million in annual gross revenue, to, among other things, provide certain disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers certain abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, conduct and document data protection assessments for high-risk processing, maintain systems to respond to consumer requests, and provide detailed privacy notices explaining data collection, use, retention, and disclosure practices; ● federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and ● analogous state and non-U.S. laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales, and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and pricing information; and state and non-U.S. laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. We have implemented compliance related programs and procedures consistent with our stage of development to help identify and deter healthcare and other violations by employees and other third parties that perform services for us. Notwithstanding our efforts, however, it is possible that governmental authorities may conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance, or case law involving applicable healthcare or other applicable laws. Also, any material changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to our business could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. To obtain the necessary device approvals or clearances from regulatory authorities for our future product candidates, we will have to conduct various preclinical and clinical tests, which may be costly and time consuming, and may not provide results that will allow us to seek regulatory approval or clearance. The number of preclinical and clinical tests that will be required for regulatory clearance or approval varies depending on the disease or condition to be treated, the method of treatment, the nature of the device, the jurisdiction in which we are seeking approval or clearance and the applicable regulations. Regulatory agencies, including those in the United States, Canada, Europe, and other jurisdictions where medical devices and products are regulated can delay, limit or deny approval of a product for many reasons. For example, regulatory agencies: 34 Table of Contents ● may not deem a technology or device to be reasonably safe or effective for any intended use or indication; ● may interpret data from preclinical and clinical testing differently than we do; ● may determine our manufacturing facility or processes do not comply with quality system regulations; ● may conclude that our products do not meet quality standards for durability, long-term reliability, biocompatibility, electromagnetic compatibility, or electrical safety; or ● may change their approval or clearance policies or adopt new regulations in a manner that is adverse to us. These regulators may make requests or disagree with us regarding the design or conduct of our clinical trials, resulting in an increased risk of difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory approval or clearance on future product candidates, or expanded indications of use for our existing products, and increased costs. Even if a potential device or product ultimately is cleared or approved by regulatory authorities, it may be cleared or approved only for narrow indications which may render it commercially less viable. Even if we complete clinical testing and a potential device or product of ours is cleared or approved, it may not be cleared or approved for the indications that are necessary or desirable for a successful commercialization. Regulators may grant marketing authorization contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials which may be required after approval or clearance. Regulators also may approve or clear our lead product candidates, including the nPulse System, for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested. Our preference will be to obtain as broad an indication as possible for use in connection with the particular disease or treatment for which it is designed. However, the final indication or labeling may be more limited than we originally seek. Any limitation on use may make the device or product commercially less viable and more difficult, if not impractical, to market. Therefore, we may not obtain the revenue that we seek in respect of the proposed product, and we will not be able to become profitable and provide an investment return to our investors. We will be subject to ongoing requirements and inspections that could lead to the restriction, suspension or revocation of our clearance. We, as well as any potential third-party manufacturer, will be required to adhere to FDA quality systems requirements, which include testing, control, and documentation requirements. We will be subject to similar regulations in foreign countries. Even when regulatory approval or clearance of a product is granted, the approval or clearance may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval or clearance, or contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. Ongoing compliance with quality system regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements is strictly enforced in the United States through periodic inspections by state and federal agencies, including the FDA, and in international jurisdictions by comparable agencies. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in, among other things, warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, failure to obtain premarket clearance or premarket approval for devices, withdrawal of approvals or clearances previously obtained, and criminal prosecution. The restriction, suspension or revocation of regulatory approvals or clearances, or any other failure to comply with regulatory requirements would limit our ability to operate and could materially increase our costs. Our employees, collaborators and other personnel may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, collaborators and other personnel, which could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure that violates: (i) the laws of the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such regulators; (ii) manufacturing standards; or (iii) healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws. These laws may impact, among other things, future sales, marketing and education programs. The promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud and abuse, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commissions, certain customer incentive programs, and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. 35 Table of Contents We adopted a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent unlawful activities may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. Whether or not we are successful in defending against any such actions or investigations, we could incur substantial costs, including legal fees, and divert the attention of management in defending ourselves against any of these claims or investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We are subject to environmental regulations and any failure to comply with applicable laws could subject us to significant liabilities and harm our business. We are subject to a variety of local, state, federal, and foreign government regulations relating to the storage, discharge, handling, emission, generation, manufacture, and disposal of toxic or other hazardous substances used in the manufacture of our products. The failure to comply with past, present, or future laws could result in the imposition of fines, third-party property damage and personal injury claims, investigation and remediation costs, the suspension of production, or a cessation of operations. We also expect that our operations will be affected by other new environmental and health and safety laws on an ongoing basis. Although we cannot predict the ultimate impact of any such new laws, they will likely result in additional costs and may require us to change how we manufacture our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock The price of our common stock has been, and we expect it to continue to be, highly volatile, and you may be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid to acquire them. The market price of our common stock has been highly volatile, and we expect it to continue to be highly volatile for the foreseeable future in response to many

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components needed to manufacture the nPulse System and related applicators. Any problems experienced by these suppliers could result in a delay or interruption of their supply to us and, as a result, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of products. We currently rely upon third-party suppliers to manufacture and supply components for the nPulse System and for our products under development. We perform final assembly of our nPulse Console and other devices at our facility in California. The manufacture of the nPulse components in compliance with the FDA’s regulations requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of medical device products often encounter difficulties in production, including difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with applicable regulations, both foreign and domestic. 21 Table of Contents We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for their own compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, and if our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture the components needed for our products and products under development in a manner that conforms to our specifications and these strict regulatory requirements, we may not be able to rely on their manufacturing facilities in the future. In addition, we have limited control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority finds these facilities inadequate for the manufacture of our components or if such facilities are subject to enforcement action in the future or are otherwise inadequate with respect to complying with applicable regulatory requirements, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop and market our product or to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for our product candidates. We currently purchase components for our products under purchase orders and do not have long-term contracts with most of the suppliers of these materials. If suppliers were to delay or stop producing our components, or if the prices they charge us were to increase significantly, or if they elected not to sell to us, we would need to identify other suppliers and we may not be able to secure alternative suppliers on favorable terms, or at all. Any failure of these suppliers to perform satisfactorily could adversely impact our business and results of operations and we may experience delays in manufacturing of our devices while finding another acceptable supplier. We may not become commercially viable if our ultimate commercialized products or related treatments fail to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement by Medicare and other third-party payers. We believe that the commercial viability of the nPulse System and any potential devices and products and related treatments, and therefore our commercial success as a company, may be affected by the availability of government reimbursement and medical insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved medical therapies, technologies, and devices. Insurance coverage and reimbursement are not assured. It typically takes a period of use in the marketplace before coverage and reimbursement are granted, if it is granted at all. In the United States and in many other jurisdictions, surgeons and other physicians and other healthcare providers generally rely on insurance coverage and reimbursement for their revenue, therefore this is an important factor in the overall commercialization plans of any proposed product and whether it will be accepted for use in the marketplace. Without insurance coverage and reimbursement for our planned products, we would expect to earn only limited revenue, if any revenue is earned. Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations, and other third-party payers are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both the scope of coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical technologies and products. As a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for the use of the nPulse Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System or any of our other products or products in development. In order to obtain satisfactory reimbursement arrangements, we may have to agree to reduce our fee or sales price below what we currently expect to charge customers, which could adversely affect our profit margins. Moreover, each plan may separately require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products and, as a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained at all. Even if Medicare and other third-party payers decide to cover procedures involving the nPulse System and our proposed devices and products, we cannot be certain that the reimbursement levels will be adequate. Accordingly, even if these products are approved for commercial sale, unless government and other third-party payers provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our devices and products, some surgeons and other physicians may be discouraged from using them, and our sales would suffer. Medicare reimburses for medical technologies and products in a variety of ways, depending on where and how the item is used. However, Medicare only provides reimbursement if CMS determines that the item should be covered and that the use of the device or product is consistent with the coverage criteria. A coverage determination can be made at the local level by the Medicare administrative contractor, a private contractor that processes and pays claims on behalf of CMS for the geographic area where the services were rendered, or at the national level by CMS through a national coverage determination. There are statutory provisions intended to facilitate coverage determinations for new technologies, but it is unclear how these provisions might apply to the nPulse Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System or to any of our proposed devices and products, as they are still largely in the development stages. Coverage presupposes that the technology, device, or product has been cleared or approved by the FDA and further, that the coverage will be consistent with the approved intended uses of the device or product as approved or cleared by the FDA, but coverage can be narrower. A coverage determination may be so limited that relatively few patients will qualify for a covered use of a device or product. 22 Table of Contents Obtaining a coverage determination, whether local or national, is a time-consuming, expensive and highly uncertain proposition, especially for a new technology, and inconsistent local determinations are possible. On average, Medicare coverage determinations for medical devices and products lag behind FDA approval or clearance. The Medicare statutory framework is also subject to administrative rulings, interpretations and discretion that affect the amount and timing of reimbursement made under Medicare. Medicaid coverage determinations and reimbursement levels are determined on a state-by-state basis, because Medicaid, unlike Medicare, is administered by the states under a state plan filed with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”). Medicaid generally reimburses at lower levels than Medicare. Moreover, Medicaid programs and private insurers are frequently influenced by Medicare coverage determinations. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. We have incurred net losses since our inception and anticipate that we may continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. If not utilized, some of our federal and state net operating losses (“NOLs”) carryforwards will begin to expire in various years beginning after 2034. Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and certain similar state tax provisions, we are generally allowed to carry forward our NOLs from a prior taxable year to offset our future taxable income, if any, until such NOLs are used or expire, subject to certain limitations. The same is true of other unused tax attributes, such as tax credits. In addition, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. We believe that we have had one or more ownership changes prior to 2018, but recently performed a Section 382 study to analyze fiscal years 2018 through 2024, and we do not believe that we have had any additional ownership changes over that period. Possible future changes in our stock ownership could result in limitations. We have a substantial amount of goodwill and intangible assets which over time may have to be written down as we make the required periodic assessments as to their value as reflected in our financial statements. A portion of our total assets are comprised of goodwill and intangibles that arose from our 2014 business acquisitions. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill may not be recoverable. We also review our intangible assets for impairment at each fiscal year end or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may exceed their current fair values. If we take an impairment charge for either goodwill or intangible assets, the overall assets will be reduced. Such an impairment charge may result in a change in the perceived value of the Company and ultimately may be reflected as a reduction in the market price of our securities. Additionally, an impairment charge may also adversely influence our ability to raise capital in the future. Risks Related to Product Development and Product-Related Risks Our nPulse System and any future product candidates may cause serious adverse side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial desirability or result in significant negative consequences. The risk of failure of clinical development is high. For example, the vast majority of our in vivo data has been a result of animal testing outside of cardiac animal models, and we have only completed a limited number of feasibility studies in humans. Undesirable side effects caused by the nPulse System, NPS pulses, or any of our planned future products could cause us, any partners of ours, or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials or to revoke previously granted regulatory approvals. Undesirable side effects could also result in more restrictive labeling requirements or the delay or denial of regulatory approval of planned future products by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority. 23 Table of Contents Additionally, if we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by the nPulse System, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: ● we may be forced to recall such product and suspend the marketing of such product; ● regulatory authorities may withdraw their approvals of such product; ● regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label and/or narrow the indication of use for the product which could diminish the usage or otherwise limit the commercial success of such product; ● the FDA or other regulatory authorities may issue safety alerts, “Dear Healthcare Provider” letters, press releases, or other communications containing warnings about such product; ● the FDA may restrict distribution of our product and impose burdensome implementation requirements on us; ● we may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; ● we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients; and ● our reputation could suffer. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the nPulse System or of any future particular planned product, if approved. Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure or delay can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. For example, success in nonclinical studies and early feasibility clinical studies does not ensure that the expanded clinical trials needed to support regulatory submissions will be successful. Setbacks can be caused by, among other things, nonclinical findings made while clinical trials are underway, safety or efficacy observations made in clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events, or post-approval observations. Even if our clinical trials are completed, the results may not be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for our product candidates or to expand the existing approvals or clearances for our existing products. To date, we have had only limited clinical experience treating AF with our nPulse Cardiac Catheter and our nPulse Cardiac Surgery Clamp and only limited clinical and commercial experience treating benign thyroid nodules with our Vybrance Percutaneous Electrode System; our past successes in dermatology may not translate into similar results in cardiology or in any other medical field. Our long-term growth depends on our ability to develop marketable products to treat AF, tumors and nodules through our research and development efforts, and if we fail to do so we may be unable to compete effectively or we may decide to scale back or eliminate some or all of our activities or otherwise curtail, suspend or discontinue our operations entirely. The medical device industry is characterized by intense competition, rapid technological changes, new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our business prospects depend on our ability to develop new products and applications for our NPS technology, including in new markets that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than our products. It is important that we anticipate changes in technology and market demand, as well as physician, hospital, and healthcare provider practices to successfully develop, obtain clearance or approval, if required, and successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive technologies to meet our prospective customers’ needs on a timely and cost-effective basis. 24 Table of Contents If we do not develop and obtain regulatory clearances or approvals for new products or product enhancements in time to meet market demand, or if there is insufficient demand for these products or enhancements, our results of operations will suffer. Our research and development efforts may require a substantial investment of time and resources before we are adequately able to determine the commercial viability of a new product, technology, material, or other innovation. In addition, even if we are able to develop enhancements or new generations of our products successfully, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce sales in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. Moreover, if our technology cannot be used to successfully treat AF, tumors and nodules, we may decide to, among other things, delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our activities, reduce headcount, trim research and product development programs, discontinue clinical trials, stop all or some of our manufacturing operations, defer capital expenditures, deregister from being a publicly traded company and delist from Nasdaq, or license our products, potential products or technologies to third parties, possibly on terms that cannot sustain our current business, or curtail, suspend or discontinue our operations entirely. Interim “ top-line ” and preliminary results from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publish interim top-line or preliminary results from our clinical trials. Interim results from clinical trials that we may announce are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as more follow-up data are gathered, patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or top-line results, including our preliminary data from our feasibility thyroid nodule study, our first-in-human cardiac clamp study, and our first-in-human cardiac catheter study, also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published or announced. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects and may cause the trading price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. If we fail to maintain necessary regulatory clearance for our products, or if clearances or approvals for future devices and indications are delayed or not issued, the commercial prospects for our nPulse System and other NPS technologies would be harmed. Our product candidates under development are medical devices that are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and by regulatory agencies in other countries where we do business. Government regulations specific to medical devices are wide-ranging and govern, among other things: ● device design, development and manufacture; ● laboratory, preclinical and clinical testing, labeling, packaging, and storage; ● premarketing clearance or approval; ● record keeping; ● device marketing, promotion and advertising, sales and distribution; and ● post-marketing surveillance, including reporting of deaths and serious injuries and recalls and correction and removals. Before a new medical device, or a new intended use for an existing device, can be marketed in the United States, the device’s manufacturer must first submit and receive either 510(k) clearance or Premarket Approval (“PMA”) from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. In the 510(k)-clearance process, the FDA will determine that a proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a device legally on the market, known as a “predicate” device, with respect to intended use, technology and safety and effectiveness, in order to clear the proposed device for marketing. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. The PMA pathway requires an applicant to demonstrate reasonable safety and effectiveness of the device based on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing, and labeling data. The PMA process is typically required for devices that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting, or implantable devices. Products that are approved through a PMA application generally need FDA approval before they can be modified. Similarly, some modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) may require a new 510(k). Either process can be expensive, lengthy and unpredictable. 25 Table of Contents The FDA may not approve or clear our 510(k), de novo, or PMA applications on a timely basis or at all. Such delays or refusals could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. The FDA may also change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other action which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. The FDA and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) also regulate the advertising and promotion of our devices to ensure that the claims we make are consistent with our regulatory clearances or approvals, that there are adequate and reasonable data to substantiate the claims and that our promotional labeling and advertising is neither false nor misleading in any respect. If the FDA or the FTC determines that any of our advertising or promotional claims are misleading, not substantiated or not permissible, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including FDA warning letters, and we may be required to revise our promotional claims and make other corrections or restitutions. The FDA and state authorities have broad enforcement powers. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA or state agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions, among others: ● adverse publicity, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties; ● obligations to repair, replace, refund, or recall our marketed devices, or government seizure of them; ● operating restrictions, partial suspension, or total shutdown of production; ● refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new devices, new intended uses or modifications to existing devices; ● withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that have already been granted; and ● criminal prosecution. If any of these events were to occur, our business and financial condition would be harmed. The mechanism of action of our NPS technology platform has not been fully determined or validated. The exact mechanism(s) of action(s) of our NPS technology platform, including nsPFA, is not fully understood, and data are still being gathered regarding its use. Furthermore, there are only a relatively small number of scientists and researchers who can be considered experts in the use of this emerging technology. Insofar as potential regulators, partners or investors value a clear understanding of a technology’s mechanism of action, this limitation could make it more challenging for us to obtain requisite regulatory approvals, investments or a partnership on favorable terms as a result. We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials. If we cannot enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in our clinical trials, we may not be able to initiate or continue them, which could delay or prevent development of our product candidates. Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical trials depends on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing our product candidates as well as completion of required follow-up periods. In general, if patients are unwilling to participate in our trials because of negative publicity from adverse events in the health care industry or for other reasons, including competitive clinical trials for similar patient populations, the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting trials and obtaining regulatory approval or clearance of planned products may be delayed. If there are delays in accumulating the required patients and patient data, there may be delays in completing the trial. Further, if any of our clinical trial sites fail to comply with required good clinical practices, we may be unable to use the data gathered at those sites. Also, if our clinical investigators fail to carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be delayed, suspended, or terminated. These delays could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product development, delays in testing the effectiveness of our technology or termination of the clinical trials altogether, and delays in obtaining regulatory authorization for our products. 26 Table of Contents Laboratory conditions differ from commercial conditions and field conditions, and the safety and effectiveness of our product candidates may depend on the technique of the user. Observations and developments that may be achievable under laboratory circumstances may not be replicable in broader research and development phases, in commercial settings, or in the use of any of any product or product candidates in the field. Furthermore, our NPS technologies will be administered by healthcare professionals and will require a degree of training and practice to administer correctly. Treatment results achieved in the laboratory or in clinical trials conducted by us or by other investigators may not be representative of the results actually encountered during commercial use of our products due to variability in administration technique. Moreover, the training and skills of investigators in our clinical trials may not be representative of the training and skills of future product users, which could negatively affect treatment results and the reputation of the Company or its products. In addition, there may be a selection bias in the patients and/or sites of administration chosen for any clinical trials that would positively affect treatment results that may not be representative or predictive of real-world experience with our products, including the nPulse System. Issues with our firmware and software may negatively affect the function of our devices. The safety and effectiveness of nsPFA procedures and therapies may depend, in part, on the function of firmware run by the microprocessors embedded in the device and associated software. This firmware and software is proprietary to us. While we have made efforts to test the firmware and software extensively, both are potentially subject to malfunction which in turn may harm patients. Further, our proprietary firmware and software may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, hackers, improper employee or contractor access, computer viruses, programming errors, data breaches, or similar problems. Any of these might result in harm to patients or the unauthorized release of confidential medical, business or other information belonging to us or to other persons. Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, & Litigation If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, then our financial condition, results of operations and the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. Patents and other proprietary rights are essential to our business and our ability to compete effectively with other companies is dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. Similarly, our future success partnering our NPS technologies, including our nPulse System, will depend greatly on the perceived strength and reach of the patents protecting those technologies against unlicensed competitors. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We seek to protect these, in part, through confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and other parties. Our success will depend in part on the ability of our licensors and us to obtain, to maintain (including making periodic filings and payments) and to enforce patent protection for the licensed intellectual property, in particular, those patents to which we have secured rights. We may not successfully prosecute or continue to prosecute the patent applications which we have licensed. Even if patents are issued in respect of these patent applications, we may fail to maintain these patents or may determine not to pursue litigation against entities that are infringing upon these patents. Without adequate protection for the intellectual property that we own or license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products for sale, which could unfavorably affect our competitive business position and harm our business prospects. Even if issued, patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing similar products or limit the length of term of patent protection that we may have for our products. Litigation or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement or challenges to the validity of our patents would require us to use resources to protect our technology and may prevent or delay our development, regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates. If we are the target of claims by any third party asserting that our products or intellectual property infringe upon the rights of others, we may be forced to incur substantial expenses or divert substantial employee resources from our business. If successful, such claims could result in our having to pay substantial damages or could prevent us from developing one or more products or product candidates. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us or our collaborators, we or they could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing, or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit. 27 Table of Contents If we, or our collaborators, experience patent infringement claims, or if we elect to avoid potential claims others may be able to assert, we or our collaborators may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we or our collaborators were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we or our collaborators are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. This could harm our business significantly. The cost to us of any litigation or other proceeding, regardless of its merit, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Some of our competitors may be able to bear the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their having greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. Intellectual property litigation and other proceedings may, regardless of their merit, also absorb significant management time and employee resources. Our intellectual property rights will not necessarily provide us with competitive advantages. The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us or our future commercial partners to maintain a competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: ● others may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; ● others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing on our intellectual property rights; ● issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; ● we may obtain patents for certain products many years before we obtain marketing approval for products utilizing such patents, and because patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial sale of the related product, the commercial value of our patents may be limited; ● our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; ● we may fail to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; ● the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, or we may fail to apply for or obtain adequate intellectual property protection in all the jurisdictions in which we operate; and ● the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business, for example by preventing us from marketing one or more of our product candidates for one or more indications. Any of the aforementioned threats to our competitive advantage could harm our business. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. In addition to patented technology, we rely upon, among other things, unpatented proprietary technology, processes, trade secrets, and know-how. Any involuntary disclosure to, or misappropriation by, third parties of our confidential or proprietary information could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, potentially eroding our competitive position in our market. We seek to protect confidential and proprietary information in part by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties. While we require, as a matter of company policy, that all of our employees, consultants, advisors, and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be certain that this know-how, information and technology will not be improperly disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. These confidentiality agreements may be terminated or breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such termination or breach. Furthermore, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. 28 Table of Contents If we are unable to protect the intellectual property used in our products, others may be able to copy our innovations which may impair our ability to compete effectively in our markets. Evaluating the strength and enforceability of our patents involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. Both our patents and patent applications can be challenged by third parties, and our patent applications may fail to result in issued patents. Moreover, both our existing and future patents may be too narrow to prevent third parties from developing or designing around our intellectual property and, in that event, we may lose competitive advantage and our business may suffer. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our current or future product candidates, if any, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon whom we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, regulatory investigations and actions; litigation (including class claims); fines and penalties; a disruption of our business operations such as our clinical trials; reputational harm; loss of revenue and profits; and other adverse consequences. We depend on our information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business, including the manufacture, distribution and maintenance of our products, as well as for accounting, data storage, compliance, purchasing, inventory management, and other related functions. We do not have redundant information technology in all aspects of our systems at this time. Despite the implementation of security and back-up measures, our information technology systems as well as those of our third-party partners, consultants, contractors, suppliers, and service providers, may be vulnerable to attack, damage and interruption from physical or electronic break-ins, accidental or intentional exposure of our data by employees or others with authorized access to our networks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, malicious code, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, denial or degradation of service attacks, attacks by sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, supply chain attacks, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failure, denial of service, and other cyberattacks or disruptive incidents that could result in unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of, corruption of, or loss of sensitive, and/or proprietary data, including health-related and other personal information. In the ordinary course of our business, we (and third parties upon whom we rely) may collect, receive, store, use, transfer, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, disclose or otherwise process proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data, such as health-related data and participant study related data, intellectual property, and trade secrets (collectively, “sensitive data”). We may share or receive sensitive data with or from third parties whose information security measures may not be adequate. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic caused us to modify our information technology practices, such as by allowing most of our employees to work remotely, on a full-time basis or from time to time, which increases the risk of data breaches. Additionally, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access our sensitive data increases the risk of data breaches. While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our business operations, whether due to a loss, corruption or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets, personal information or other proprietary or sensitive information or other similar disruptions. The costs to us to attempt to protect against such breaches can be significant and could potentially require us to modify our business, including non-clinical and clinical trial activities. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect our information technology systems and to identify and remediate potential vulnerabilities, such measures may not be successful. We may not be able to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques used by threat actors change frequently are sophisticated in nature and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. 29 Table of Contents If we, or others upon whom we rely, experience or are perceived to have experienced a breach, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections), interruptions in our operations (including disruptions to our clinical trials), interruptions or restrictions on processing sensitive data (which could result in delays in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, regulatory approvals and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the sensitive data), unauthorized, unlawful or accidental loss, corruption, access, modification, destruction, alteration, acquisition or disclosure of sensitive data, such as clinical trial data, reputational harm, litigation (including class-action claims), indemnification obligations, monetary fund diversions, financial loss and other harms. In particular, ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant disruptions to operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm and diversion of funds. Additionally, theft of our intellectual property or proprietary business information could require substantial expenditures to remedy. Such theft could also lead to loss of intellectual property rights through disclosure of our proprietary business information, and such loss may not be capable of remedying. In addition, such a breach may require notification of the breach to relevant stakeholders. Such disclosures are costly and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Implementation of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies may result in legal and regulatory risks, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences to our business. We have incorporated, and continue to explore ways to further incorporate, artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies, including generative AI and machine learning, into certain of our internal operations. AI tools are complex and rapidly evolving and may prove flawed, incomplete, biased, or inaccurate in their outputs, which could adversely affect business decisions, expose us to legal claims, and harm our reputation; additionally, employees using AI tools could inadvertently disclose Company confidential information or trade secrets. Also, as a small company with limited resources, we may be unable to access or deploy the most advanced AI tools available, potentially placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to better-resourced competitors. Moreover, the regulatory landscape governing AI use is subject to rapid and ongoing change, and this risk is particularly acute for us as a medical device company operating in the healthcare industry, where AI regulation is developing especially quickly — including through the EU AI Act, emerging U.S. state AI laws, executive orders imposing transparency requirements on AI used in certified health information technology, and evolving FDA guidance. Our limited resources may make it especially difficult to monitor and achieve timely compliance with new or evolving obligations, and failure to do so could subject us to enforcement actions, fines, or litigation. Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit commercialization of our products or any future products that we may develop. We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of our products and the future sale of planned products and the use of these in human clinical studies. For example, we may be sued if our products or any of our product candidates, including any that are developed in combination therapies, allegedly cause injury, or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing, or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability, or a breach of warranties. We may also be subject to liability for a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our products or planned products caused injuries, we may incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in, among other things: ● decreased demand for our product or any planned products that we may develop; ● injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; ● withdrawal of patients from our clinical studies or cancellation of studies; ● significant costs to defend the related litigation and distraction to our management team; ● substantial monetary awards to patients; ● loss of revenue; ● government investigations or enforcement actions; and ● the inability to commercialize any future products that we may develop. 30 Table of Contents For example, during the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events for reasons that may or may not be related to the nPulse System or our NPS technology. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact, or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market those products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even if we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval processes, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our products could receive or maintain. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could harm our business. We currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, which may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. Risks Related to Government Regulation We are subject to stringent domestic and foreign regulation. Any unfavorable regulatory action or adverse change in law may materially and adversely affect our future financial condition and business operations and prospects. The nPulse System and any other potential devices and products we develop are, and will continue to be, subject to extensive, rigorous, and ongoing regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities. To varying degrees, each of these agencies monitors and enforces our compliance with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, distribution, and the safety and effectiveness of our medical technology. The process of obtaining and maintaining marketing approval or clearance from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities for new devices and products, or for enhancements, expansion of the indications or modifications to existing products, could: ● take a significant indeterminate amount of time; ● require the expenditure of substantial resources; ● involve rigorous preclinical and clinical testing, and possibly post-market surveillance; ● involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products; ● require design changes of our products; ● result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products; and ● result in our never being granted the regulatory approval or clearance we seek. If we experience any of these occurrences, our operations may suffer and we might experience harm to our competitive standing, which could adversely affect our financial condition. We are subject to, and will have ongoing responsibilities under, FDA and international regulations, both before and after a product is approved or cleared and commercially released. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections. If an inspection were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities could ban such devices or products, detain or seize such devices or products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such devices or products, or require us to notify health professionals and others that the therapies, devices or products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. Additionally, the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may impose other operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining to our devices and products or assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees, or us. The FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities have been increasing their scrutiny of the industry and governments are expected to continue to scrutinize the industry closely with inspections and possibly enforcement actions. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our devices and products, including the nPulse System. In addition, negative publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 31 Table of Contents Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs, decrease our revenue, and impact sales of, and reimbursement for, our current and future products. For example, the Affordable Care Act substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted our industry, while recent changes in U.S. federal law and policy, including the expiration of enhanced Affordable Care Act subsidies and reductions in Medicaid funding, as well as Congressional deadlock over healthcare funding, have increased the likelihood that fewer patients in the United States will be insured and that insured patients will face higher out-of-pocket costs, which could result in downward pressure on prices for medical products such as ours. There will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators, and third-party payors to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Certain of these changes could impose additional limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our current and future products or the amounts of reimbursement available for our current and future products from governmental agencies or third-party payors. Disruptions in the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel or otherwise prevent new product candidates and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA’s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, such as those that occurred in October and November 2025, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, disruptions may result from events similar to the COVID-19 pandemic. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA’s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. In the event of a similar public health emergency in the future, the FDA may not be able to continue its current pace and review timelines could be extended. Regulatory authorities outside the United States facing similar circumstances may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to a similar public health emergency and may also experience delays in their regulatory activities. Furthermore, given changes to the U.S. government's policies and priorities since January 2025, there is substantial uncertainty as to how, if at all, the current administration will seek to modify or revise the requirements and policies of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over our product candidates. There is also uncertainty as to how other measures being implemented by the current administration across the government will impact our activities and those of the FDA and its operations. For example, the potential loss of FDA personnel could lead to further disruptions and delays in FDA review of our product candidates and FDA guidance regarding our or our collaborators’ clinical development programs. Similarly, efforts by the new administration to substantially reduce federal funding of medical research could have substantial indirect impacts on our research activities. Accordingly, if a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Future shutdowns or other disruptions could also affect other government agencies such as the SEC, which may also impact our business by delaying review of our public filings, to the extent such review is necessary, and our ability to access the public markets. 32 Table of Contents All our product development depends upon maintaining strong working relationships with physicians. The development, marketing, and sale of any future products in development depends upon our ability to maintain strong working relationships with physicians. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding the development, marketing, and sale of our products. Physicians assist us in clinical trials and as researchers, marketing and product consultants and public speakers. If we cannot maintain our strong working relationships with these professionals and continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The medical device industry’s relationship with physicians is under increasing scrutiny by the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”), the Department of Justice (“DOJ”), state attorneys general, and other foreign and domestic government agencies. Our failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations governing our relationships with physicians, or an investigation into our compliance by the OIG, DOJ, state attorneys general, and other government agencies, could significantly harm our business, including compromising the use or integrity of our clinical data in regulatory submissions to the FDA or similar regulatory authorities. We are subject to healthcare and other laws and regulations relating to our business and could face substantial penalties if we are determined not to have fully complied with such laws, which could have an adverse impact on our business. We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, consultants, any commercial collaborators, service providers and other vendors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or other unauthorized activities that violate applicable laws or regulations. There are many federal and state laws and regulations prohibiting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry that can result in significant criminal and civil penalties. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell, and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval or clearance. Such laws include: ● U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. The term “remuneration” has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, and the government can find a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute without proving that a person or entity had actual knowledge of the law or a specific intent to violate it. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; ● U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which, among other things, impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. government; ● HIPAA imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; ● HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH"), and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by covered entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers as well as their business associates that perform certain services for or on their behalf involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information; 33 Table of Contents ● the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the government information related to payments or other “transfers of value” made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and requires applicable manufacturers and group purchasing organizations to report annually to the government ownership and investment interests held by these physicians and their immediate family members; ● anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or FCPA, and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery laws in other non-U.S. jurisdictions, as well as export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations, all of which expose us to trade and economic sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the United States, the European Union, and other governments and organizations, as we grow our international presence and global operations; additionally, the FCPA imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded U.S. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments, and numerous other laws restrict, and in some cases prohibit, U.S. companies from directly or indirectly selling goods, technology or services to people or entities in certain countries; ● the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), which require covered companies, such as companies with over $25 million in annual gross revenue, to, among other things, provide certain disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers certain abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, conduct and document data protection assessments for high-risk processing, maintain systems to respond to consumer requests, and provide detailed privacy notices explaining data collection, use, retention, and disclosure practices; ● federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and ● analogous state and non-U.S. laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales, and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and pricing information; and state and non-U.S. laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. We have implemented compliance related programs and procedures consistent with our stage of development to help identify and deter healthcare and other violations by employees and other third parties that perform services for us. Notwithstanding our efforts, however, it is possible that governmental authorities may conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance, or case law involving applicable healthcare or other applicable laws. Also, any material changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to our business could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. To obtain the necessary device approvals or clearances from regulatory authorities for our future product candidates, we will have to conduct various preclinical and clinical tests, which may be costly and time consuming, and may not provide results that will allow us to seek regulatory approval or clearance. The number of preclinical and clinical tests that will be required for regulatory clearance or approval varies depending on the disease or condition to be treated, the method of treatment, the nature of the device, the jurisdiction in which we are seeking approval or clearance and the applicable regulations. Regulatory agencies, including those in the United States, Canada, Europe, and other jurisdictions where medical devices and products are regulated can delay, limit or deny approval of a product for many reasons. For example, regulatory agencies: 34 Table of Contents ● may not deem a technology or device to be reasonably safe or effective for any intended use or indication; ● may interpret data from preclinical and clinical testing differently than we do; ● may determine our manufacturing facility or processes do not comply with quality system regulations; ● may conclude that our products do not meet quality standards for durability, long-term reliability, biocompatibility, electromagnetic compatibility, or electrical safety; or ● may change their approval or clearance policies or adopt new regulations in a manner that is adverse to us. These regulators may make requests or disagree with us regarding the design or conduct of our clinical trials, resulting in an increased risk of difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory approval or clearance on future product candidates, or expanded indications of use for our existing products, and increased costs. Even if a potential device or product ultimately is cleared or approved by regulatory authorities, it may be cleared or approved only for narrow indications which may render it commercially less viable. Even if we complete clinical testing and a potential device or product of ours is cleared or approved, it may not be cleared or approved for the indications that are necessary or desirable for a successful commercialization. Regulators may grant marketing authorization contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials which may be required after approval or clearance. Regulators also may approve or clear our lead product candidates, including the nPulse System, for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested. Our preference will be to obtain as broad an indication as possible for use in connection with the particular disease or treatment for which it is designed. However, the final indication or labeling may be more limited than we originally seek. Any limitation on use may make the device or product commercially less viable and more difficult, if not impractical, to market. Therefore, we may not obtain the revenue that we seek in respect of the proposed product, and we will not be able to become profitable and provide an investment return to our investors. We will be subject to ongoing requirements and inspections that could lead to the restriction, suspension or revocation of our clearance. We, as well as any potential third-party manufacturer, will be required to adhere to FDA quality systems requirements, which include testing, control, and documentation requirements. We will be subject to similar regulations in foreign countries. Even when regulatory approval or clearance of a product is granted, the approval or clearance may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval or clearance, or contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. Ongoing compliance with quality system regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements is strictly enforced in the United States through periodic inspections by state and federal agencies, including the FDA, and in international jurisdictions by comparable agencies. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in, among other things, warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, failure to obtain premarket clearance or premarket approval for devices, withdrawal of approvals or clearances previously obtained, and criminal prosecution. The restriction, suspension or revocation of regulatory approvals or clearances, or any other failure to comply with regulatory requirements would limit our ability to operate and could materially increase our costs. Our employees, collaborators and other personnel may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, collaborators and other personnel, which could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure that violates: (i) the laws of the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such regulators; (ii) manufacturing standards; or (iii) healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws. These laws may impact, among other things, future sales, marketing and education programs. The promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud and abuse, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commissions, certain customer incentive programs, and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. 35 Table of Contents We adopted a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent unlawful activities may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. Whether or not we are successful in defending against any such actions or investigations, we could incur substantial costs, including legal fees, and divert the attention of management in defending ourselves against any of these claims or investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We are subject to environmental regulations and any failure to comply with applicable laws could subject us to significant liabilities and harm our business. We are subject to a variety of local, state, federal, and foreign government regulations relating to the storage, discharge, handling, emission, generation, manufacture, and disposal of toxic or other hazardous substances used in the manufacture of our products. The failure to comply with past, present, or future laws could result in the imposition of fines, third-party property damage and personal injury claims, investigation and remediation costs, the suspension of production, or a cessation of operations. We also expect that our operations will be affected by other new environmental and health and safety laws on an ongoing basis. Although we cannot predict the ultimate impact of any such new laws, they will likely result in additional costs and may require us to change how we manufacture our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock The price of our common stock has been, and we expect it to continue to be, highly volatile, and you may be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid to acquire them. The market price of our common stock has been highly volatile, and we expect it to continue to be highly volatile for the foreseeable future in response to many

