TICKER: PLUS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain with whom we do not have long-term supply agreements, guaranteed price agreements, or assurance of stock availability; ● the possibility of a reduction of vendor incentives provided to us; ● our inability to identify acquisition candidates, perform sufficient due diligence prior to completing an acquisition, successfully integrate a completed acquisition, or identify an opportunity for or successfully completing a business disposition, may affect our earnings; ● our ability to remain secure during a cybersecurity attack or other information technology (“IT”) outage, including disruptions in our, our

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, including decreased account profitability, reductions in contracted services, or a loss of such relationships; ● increases to our costs including wages and our ability to increase our prices to our customers as a result, or experience negative financial impacts due to the pricing arrangements we have with our customers; ● the loss of our key lenders or constricting credit availability as a result of changing interest rates or other economic conditions, which may result in adverse changes in our results of operations and financial position; ● a material decrease in the credit quality of our customer base, or a material increase in our credit losses, including by the federal government’s actual or attempted termination for convenience, other contract termination or non-performance; ● reliance on third parties to perform some of our service obligations to our customers, and the reliance on a small number of key vendors in our supply chain with whom we do not have long-term supply agreements, guaranteed price agreements, or assurance of stock availability; ● the possibility of a reduction of vendor incentives provided to us; ● our inability to identify acquisition candidates, perform sufficient due diligence prior to completing an acquisition, successfully integrate a completed acquisition, or identify an opportunity for or successfully completing a business disposition, may affect our earnings; ● our ability to remain secure during a cybersecurity attack or other information technology (“IT”) outage, including disruptions in our, our vendors or a third party’s IT systems and data and audio communication networks; ● our ability to secure our own and our customers’ electronic and other confidential information, while maintaining compliance with evolving data privacy and cybersecurity regulatory laws and regulations and appropriately providing required notice and disclosure of cybersecurity incidents when and if necessary; ● our dependence on key personnel to maintain certain customer relationships, and our ability to hire, train, and retain sufficient qualified personnel by recruiting and retaining highly skilled, competent personnel, and vendor certifications; ● risks relating to use or capabilities of artificial intelligence (“AI”) including social and ethical risks; ● our ability to manage a diverse product set of solutions, including AI products and services, in highly competitive markets with a number of key vendors; ● changes in the IT industry and/or rapid changes in product offerings, including the proliferation of the cloud, infrastructure as a service (“IaaS”), software as a service (“SaaS”), platform as a service (“PaaS”), and AI which may affect our financial results; ● our ability to increase the total number of customers and our ability to increase the total number of customers who use our managed services and professional services and continuing to enhance our managed services offerings to remain competitive in the marketplace; 1 Table of Contents ● supply chain issues, including a shortage of IT component parts and products, may increase our costs or cause a delay in fulfilling customer orders, or increase our need for working capital, or delay completing professional services, or purchasing IT products or services needed to support our internal infrastructure or operations, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial results; ● ongoing remote work trends, and the increase in cybersecurity attacks that have occurred while employees work remotely and our ability to adequately train our personnel to prevent a cyber event; ● exposure to changes in, interpretations of, or enforcement trends in, and customer and vendor actions in anticipation of or response to, legislation and regulatory matters; ● our service agreements may require external audits and deficiencies in any such reports could negatively affect our client engagements, and our professional and liability insurance policies coverage may be insufficient to cover a claim; ● a natural disaster or other adverse event at one of our primary configuration centers, data centers, or a third-party provider or vendor location could negatively impact our business; ● failure to comply with public sector contracts, or applicable laws or regulations; ● our ability to raise capital, maintain or increase as needed our lines of credit with vendors or our floor plan facility, obtain debt for our financing transactions, or the effect of those changes on our common stock price; and ● our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and successfully defend any challenges to the validity of our patents or allegations that we are infringing upon any third-party patents, and the costs associated with those actions, and, when appropriate, the costs associated with licensing required technology. We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these and other challenges, risks, and uncertainties. For a further list and description of various risks, relevant factors, and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements, see Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials or components, delays in shipping, failure of vendors to accurately forecast customer demand or to manufacture or otherwise obtain sufficient quantities of product or component parts to meet customer demand, among other reasons. If we experience significant supply chain disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly on favorable terms, if at all, which could result in increased inventory costs, delay the completion of related services, a loss of sales and a loss of customers adversely impacting our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be at risk for customers’ cancelling orders due to delays and we may not be able to cancel our corresponding order with the supplier. If we are unable to mitigate these disruptions, our financial results may be adversely impacted. As we do not stock
inventory that is not related to an order we have received from our customers,
we depend upon the supply of products available from our vendors to fulfill
orders from our customers on a timely basis. 11 Table of Contents Supply chain issues, including a shortage of IT products and available services, may increase our costs or cause a delay in purchasing IT products needed to support our internal infrastructure or operations, resulting in an impact on our technology operations and availability of our IT systems, which could result in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. We rely on arrangements with vendors to perform certain professional services, staffing services, managed services, maintenance, warranties, configuration services, and other services for our customers. If these vendors do not perform these services in accordance with the terms of our agreement and to a professional standard customary for the services, including if their services include an error or omission, or if they cause disruption of, or security weaknesses within, our customers’ businesses, results to our organization could include legal claims and associated costs, monetary damages paid to our customers, and an adverse effect on our customer and other business partner relationships, our brand, our reputation, and our results of operations or cash flows could be affected. In addition, the acquisition by our competitors of third-party companies that we are relying upon to perform certain of our customer obligations may impact our revenue. We rely on independent shipping vendors to deliver products from us and our vendors to our customers. The failure or inability of these shipping vendors to deliver products, or the lack of availability of their shipping services, even temporarily, could have an adverse effect on our business. We may also be adversely affected by an increase in freight charges and shipping delays that may result from economic, supply-chain, geopolitical, or other disruptions. The loss of a key vendor or changes in its policies could adversely impact our financial results. Alleged or actual violations of a contract that results in either the termination of our ability to sell the product or a decrease in our certification level with the vendor could adversely impact our financial results. In addition, a reduction in the trade credit lines or the favorable terms granted to us by our vendors and financial partners could increase our need for, and the cost of, working capital and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Breaches of data security and the failure to protect our information technology systems and confidential information from cybersecurity threats, our inability to maintain compliance with data privacy laws and regulations, or misuse of our customers’ or employees’ information could adversely impact our business. Our business involves the storage and/or transmission of
proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal
information of our employees, customers, and others. In addition, we rely on
our vendors that provide goods and services to us to maintain appropriate
security measures to protect our operations. Also, we operate data centers for
our customers that host their technology infrastructure and may store and
transmit both business-critical data and confidential information. In connection
with our services business, some of our employees also may have access to our
customers’ confidential data and other information. We have privacy and data
security policies in place that are designed to prevent security breaches;
however, as newer technologies emerge such as AI, and the portfolio of the
service providers with whom we share sensitive information grows, we could be
exposed to increased risk of breaches in data security and other illegal or
fraudulent acts, including ransomware attacks and other types of cyberattacks.
The evolving nature of such threats, considering new and sophisticated methods
used by criminals and cyberterrorists, including computer viruses, malware,
phishing, social engineering, AI, and forgery, are making it increasingly
challenging to anticipate and adequately mitigate these risks. As a high percentage of our employees work from home more often than in our offices, we are highly reliant on the availability and functionality of our information systems to enable our operations. Working from home may increase risk of data loss, including privacy-related events. If our information systems are not operational for reasons which may include cybersecurity attacks, data center failures, failures by telecom providers to provide services to our business and to our employees’ homes, as well as the home offices of our vendors’ and customers’ employees, power failures, or failures of cloud application software such as SaaS based software, our business and financial results may be adversely impacted. 12 Table of Contents If third parties or our employees are able to maliciously penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate our customers’ information or employees’ personal information, or other information for which our customers may be responsible and for which we agree to be responsible in connection with service contracts into which we may enter, or if we give third parties or our employees improper access to certain information, we could be subject to liability. This liability could include claims for unauthorized access to devices on our network; unauthorized access to our customers’ or suppliers’ networks, hardware, applications, data, devices, or software; unauthorized purchases with credit card information; and identity theft or other similar fraud-related claims. This liability could also include claims for other misuses of or inappropriate access to personal information. Other liability could include claims alleging misrepresentation of our privacy and data security practices. Any such liability could decrease our profitability. We could incur additional expenses when new laws or regulations regarding the use, safeguarding, or privacy of information are enacted or interpreted if governmental agencies require us to substantially modify our privacy or security practices. We could fail to comply with international and domestic data privacy laws, the violation of which may result in audits, fines, penalties, litigation, or administrative enforcement actions with associated costs. Third parties, such as hackers, could circumvent or sabotage the security practices and products used in our product and service offerings, and/or the security practices or products used in our internal IT systems, which could result in disclosure of sensitive or personal information, unauthorized procurement, or other business interruptions that could damage our reputation and disrupt our business, as well as that of our customers. Attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. Advances in technology, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, quantum computing, or AI, other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of the security practices we use to protect sensitive customer transaction information and employee information. A party that can circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. Further, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, or other information or otherwise compromise the security of our internal networks and/or our customers’ information. Since techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and the impact and severity of security breaches are increasing, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or timely identify or stop security breaches while they are occurring. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against security breaches or to remediate the subsequent risks and issues caused by such breaches. Our security measures are designed to protect against security breaches, but our failure to prevent such security breaches could cause us to incur significant expense to investigate and respond to a security breach and remediate any problems caused by any breach, subject us to liability, damage our reputation, and diminish the value of our brand. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage for errors and omissions or security breaches will continue to be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including additional exclusions, premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not be able to hire and/or retain personnel that we need. To increase market awareness and sales of our offerings, we may need to expand our marketing efforts and sales operations in the future. Our products and services require a sophisticated sales effort and significant technical engineering talent. For example, our sales and engineering candidates must possess consultative experience and a high degree of technical acumen, including hardware and software knowledge, to create customized solutions for our customers’ business processes. Competition for qualified sales, marketing and engineering personnel fluctuates depending on market conditions. We are currently experiencing a competitive labor market for certain sales and technical roles. New laws requiring public posting of compensation information may also contribute to wage increases. If we are unable to pass these increases to our customers, our financial results may be adversely affected. We provide certain professional and managed services under fixed price contracts. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs, including due to wage or other inflation, then the profitability of our contracts may be adversely affected. Wage inflation may adversely impact our ability to hire and retain personnel, which may impact our ability to acquire, retain and serve our customers. Additionally, operating platforms are becoming increasingly technologically
advanced, providing more automation, which will require personnel with digital,
data analytics, machine learning, robotic process automation and AI experience.
This type of talent may be highly sought after by other employers, and may be
unavailable, or only available at a higher cost to us. 13 Table of Contents The loss of senior leaders or the failure to successfully implement a succession plan, particularly for the Chief Executive Officer, could adversely affect our ability to execute strategies and manage operations. In addition, changes in our Board of Directors (“Board”) could impact our business including formulation, alignment or execution of strategy or appropriate oversight as tasked by our Board. In addition, changes to immigration laws and interpretations thereof may impact our ability to hire or retain talent. In some cases, our competitors have required their employees to agree to non-compete and/or non-solicitation agreements as part of their employment, and in some cases, we may not be able to enforce similar restrictions. Both scenarios present challenges and potential costs. Additionally, in some cases our relationship with a customer may be impacted by turnover in our sales or engineering teams. We depend on having creditworthy customers to avoid an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. Our financing business segment and our technology business segments require capital to fund our equipment purchases. If the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if macroeconomic conditions drive a material tightening of the availability of credit, or if we experience a material increase in our credit losses, including by the federal government’s actual or attempted termination for convenience or other contract termination, we may find it difficult to continue to obtain the required capital for our business, and our results from operations may be affected. In addition to the impact on our ability to acquire capital, a material increase in our delinquency and default experience would itself have a material adverse effect on our business, and results from operations. Many of our customers may experience financial losses and may be unable to pay for their purchases or repay the leases or notes receivable or multi-year agreements such as maintenance or software subscription agreements to us or repayment may be extended by our customers or us. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase, and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record our investments at their current fair value. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net earnings, and assets in our financing segment. Unfavorable economic conditions including inflation and/or an increase in interest rates also could increase our financing segment’s funding costs, limit our access to capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing our financing portfolio and harm our operating results. We may experience a reduction in incentives offered to us and earned by us from our vendors that would affect our earnings. We receive payments and credits from vendors, including consideration pursuant to volume incentive programs, shared marketing expense programs, and early pay discounts. These programs are usually of finite terms and may not be renewed or may be discontinued or changed in ways that adversely affect us. Vendor funding is used to offset inventory costs, costs of goods sold, marketing costs and other operating expenses. Certain of these funds are based on our volume of purchases, growth rate of purchases, and marketing programs. Supply chain constraints may affect our ability to meet purchase requirements and may affect our and our vendors’ ability to engage in marketing programs. We may not be able to collect outstanding amounts relating to these incentives in a timely manner, or at all. Any sizeable reduction in, the discontinuance of, a significant delay in receiving, or the inability to collect such incentives, particularly related to incentive programs with our largest vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to identify acquisition candidates, or perform sufficient due diligence prior to completing an acquisition, or fail to successfully integrate a completed acquisition, or identify an opportunity for or successfully complete an asset disposition, our earnings may be affected. Mergers and acquisitions are significant factors in our growth strategy. If we fail to identify businesses available for purchase or at an acceptable valuation, our growth strategy may be negatively affected and, as such, may negatively affect our results of operations. Additionally, if we fail to identify an opportunity or successfully complete an intended asset disposition at a fair valuation or successfully operationally transition the asset, our operations or earnings may be negatively affected. After disposition of the asset, we may fail to make the appropriate strategic decisions relating to investment of proceeds from the disposition or we may fail to properly protect ourselves from liabilities arising from the disposition. 14 Table of Contents Our ability to successfully integrate the operations we acquire, reduce costs, or leverage these operations to generate revenue and earnings growth, could significantly impact future revenue and earnings. Integrating acquired operations is a significant challenge, and integration may divert management’s attention from other business concerns, and there is no assurance that we will be able to complete the integrations successfully. Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our cost structure thereby reducing our earnings and return on investment. In addition, we may fail to perform adequate due diligence and acquire entities with unknown liabilities, fraud, cultural, data security, or business environment issues, or that may not have adequate internal controls. If we acquire a company that does not fit culturally, strategically, or in some other fashion, the acquisition may not produce the expected results or may negatively affect our reputation, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, or cash flows. The unpredictability of the economy, order backlogs, and inflation will also make it difficult to properly value or anticipate the future success of acquisition targets and impact our overall growth strategy. The terms of our WFCDF Credit Facility or loss thereof may restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and to manage our operations. Our technology business, primarily through our subsidiary e Plus Technology, inc., finances its operations with funds generated from operations, and with a credit facility with Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC, and its agents (“WFCDF”). This facility provides short-term capital for certain of our technology business entities. There are two components of the WFCDF credit facility (collectively, the “WFCDF Credit Facility”): (1) a floor plan facility and (2) a revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2025, the facility agreement had an aggregate limit of the two components of $500 million, together with a sublimit for the revolving credit facility component for up to $200 million. The loss of or reduction in the WFCDF Credit Facility could have a material adverse effect on our future results as we rely on this facility and its components for daily working capital and the operational function of our accounts payable process. Our credit agreement contains various covenants that must be met and either party may terminate the agreement for any reason with 90 days’ notice. There can be no assurance that we will continue to meet those covenants and failure to do so may limit availability of, or cause us to lose, such financing. There can be no assurance that such financing will continue to be available to us in the future and on acceptable terms. Issues relating to the use or capabilities of AI, including legal, social, ethical, and accuracy issues, in hardware, software and services offerings may result in reputational harm and liability and increased costs. Legal, social, ethical, and accuracy issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI in our hardware, software, and service offerings, as well as in our internal platforms, may result in reputational harm and legal liability. The hardware, software, and services we offer increasingly utilize AI, and, as with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. If we use, enable, or offer AI solutions that cause damage to systems or data or draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on individuals, entities, or society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. Increased focus and potential government regulation in the space of AI ethics and efficacy may also increase the burden and cost of research and development in this area, subjecting us to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. Failure by us or others in our industry to address AI ethical and legal issues could undermine public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products and services. Additionally, the
development, adoption and use of AI is growing, and ineffective or inadequate
AI development or deployment practices by us or our vendor partners could
result in unintended consequences. AI technologies are complex and rapidly
evolving, and we face significant competition in the market and from other
companies regarding such technologies. We may not have adequately designed or maintained our IT platforms for internal use or solutions we offer to our customers or have adequate or competent IT personnel to support our business, or we may have inadequate training and technology safeguards to prevent a cyber event. 15 Table of Contents We depend heavily upon the accuracy and reliability of our IT,
telecommunication, cybersecurity, and other platforms which are used for
customer management, sales, distribution, marketing, purchasing, inventory
management, order processing and fulfillment, customer service and general
accounting functions. We must continually maintain, secure, and improve our
systems. We may not properly select or implement software which may result in
the lack of data integrity within or between systems, increase our costs or
impair our control environment or may lead to other negative impacts on our
business or results. We may need to implement new software, or update existing
software and processes, to be compliant with rapidly evolving regulation,
including data privacy laws, which may incur costs and impact data integrity.
The protections we have in place address a variety of threats to our
information technology systems, both internal and external, including human
error. Inadequate security practices or design of our IT systems, or IT systems
from third parties which we utilize, or third-party service providers’ failure to
provide adequate services could result in the disclosure of sensitive or
confidential information or personal information or cause other business
interruptions that could damage our reputation and disrupt our business.
Inadequate design or interruption of our information systems,
telecommunications systems or power failures could have a material adverse
effect on our business, our reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or
results of operations. Our managed services segment requires us to monitor our customers’ devices on their networks across varying levels of service. If we have not designed our IT systems to provide this service accurately or if there is a security breach in our IT system or the customers’ systems, we may be liable for claims. In addition, we rely on our managed services personnel to perform this monitoring service. Insufficient staffing, or improper training, performance, or supervision may negatively affect the services we provide our customers resulting in decreased revenue and the potential for litigation. Products as complex as those used to provide our solutions and
services, including our cloud automation solutions, can contain unknown and
undetected errors, performance problems, or use open-source code. We may
identify serious defects following the introduction of new products or
enhancements to existing products. Undetected errors or performance problems
may be discovered in the future and certain errors we consider to be minor may
be deemed serious by our customers. Our products and our automation solutions may be inadvertently harmed, such as during a product integration or upgrade, or may be circumvented or sabotaged by third parties such as hackers, which could result in the disclosure of sensitive information or personal information, unauthorized procurement, or cause other business interruptions that could damage our reputation and disrupt our business. Attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. In addition, our customers may experience a loss in connectivity to our proprietary solutions because of a power loss at our data center, interruption in internet availability, or defects in our solutions. This could result in lost revenues, business interruption, delays in customer acceptance, security breaches, and unforeseen liabilities that could be detrimental to our reputation and to our business. We rely on the competency of our internal IT personnel. Our failure to hire, develop, retain, and supervise competent IT personnel to secure our data, as well as design and maintain a resilient technology ecosystem including our data and voice networks, infrastructure, and applications, could significantly interrupt our business causing a negative impact on our results. Additionally, along with our technological safeguards, we rely on our employees’ vigilance and security awareness to protect against cyber-based attacks. Our failure to sufficiently train and supervise our employees to guard against such attacks could result in a significant interruption in our business, and negative impact on our results of operations. Our results of operations are subject to financial losses due to translation of foreign currency. We have several foreign subsidiaries and conduct business in various countries and currencies. As result of these foreign operations, we have exposure to financial losses on translation due to fluctuations in foreign currency rates resulting primarily from the translation exposure associated with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. While our consolidated financial statements are reported in US dollars, the financial statements of our subsidiaries outside the US are prepared using the local currency as the functional currency and translated into US dollars. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the US dollar relative to the functional currencies of our subsidiaries could cause financial losses in our results of operations. However, our operations in foreign countries are not material. We also have foreign currency exposure to the extent net sales and purchases are not denominated in a subsidiary’s functional currency, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or cash flows. 16 Table of Contents A natural disaster or other adverse event at one of our primary configuration centers, warehouses, data centers, or a third-party provider location could negatively impact our business. We have configuration centers, warehouses, and data centers in the US, as well as through third-party providers in the UK and Netherlands. The configuration centers and warehouses contain inventory owned by us and our customers and serve as distribution centers for orders we do not dropship directly to the customer. We perform services in these facilities such as product configuration services, and warehouse and logistics services. If the configuration centers or surrounding infrastructure were to be seriously damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster or other adverse event, including disruption related to political or social unrest, we could utilize another distribution center or third-party distributors to ship products to our customers. However, this may not be sufficient to avoid interruptions in our service, or the loss of inventory at that location may prevent us from meeting all the needs of our customers and may cause us to incur incremental operating costs. In addition, we operate in facilities which may contain both business-critical data and confidential information of our customers and third parties, such as data center colocation and hosted solution partners. A natural disaster or other adverse event at locations such as these or third-party provider locations could negatively impact our business, results of operations or cash flows. We may not be able to realize our entire investment in the equipment we lease. The realization of the residual value of the equipment we lease, predominantly at the end of the term of a lease, as well as during the life of the lease, is an important element in our financing business segment. At the inception of certain leases, we record a residual value for the leased equipment based on our estimate of the value of the equipment at the expected disposition date. A decrease in the market value of leased equipment at a rate greater than the rate we projected, whether due to rapid technological or economic obsolescence, excessive or unusual wear and tear on the equipment, or other factors, would adversely affect the recoverability of the estimated residual values of such equipment. Further, certain equipment residual values are dependent on the vendor’s warranties, reputation, rules regarding relicensing of software to operate the equipment, and other factors, including market liquidity. In addition, we may not realize the full market value of equipment if we need to sell it to meet liquidity needs or for other reasons outside of the ordinary course of business. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will realize our estimated residual values for equipment. The degree of residual realization risk varies by transaction type. Sales-type leases bear less risk because contractual payments typically cover 90% or more of the equipment’s lease cost at inception. Operating leases have a higher degree of risk because a smaller percentage of the equipment’s value is covered by contractual cash flows at lease inception. We primarily lease equipment to our customers through sales-type leases. We may be required to take impairment charges for goodwill or other intangible assets related to acquisitions. We have acquired certain portions of our business and assets through acquisitions. Further, as part of our long-term business strategy, we may continue to pursue acquisitions of other companies or assets. In connection with prior acquisitions, we have accounted for the portion of the purchase price paid in excess of the book value of the assets acquired as goodwill or intangible assets, and we may be required to account for similar premiums paid on future acquisitions in the same manner. Under the applicable accounting principles, goodwill is not amortized and is carried on our books at its original value, subject to annual review and evaluation for impairment, whereas intangible assets are amortized over the life of the asset. Changes in the business itself, the economic environment (including business valuation levels and trends), or the legislative or regulatory environment may trigger a review and evaluation of our goodwill and intangible assets for potential impairment outside of the normal review periods. These changes may adversely affect either the fair value of the business or our individual reporting units and we may be required to take an impairment charge. If market and economic conditions deteriorate, this could increase the likelihood that we will need to record impairment charges to the extent the carrying value of our goodwill exceeds the fair value of our overall business. Such impairment charges could materially adversely affect our net earnings during the period in which the impairment is realized. As of March 31, 2025, we had a carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets of $202.9 million and $82.0 million, respectively. 17 Table of Contents Actual or anticipated epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks, or other public health crises may adversely affect our customers’ and suppliers’ financial condition and the operations of our business. Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis. The risk of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis could cause customers to delay or cancel orders and could cause temporary or long-term disruptions in our supply chains and/or delays in the delivery of our products and services to our customers. Quarantines or other cancellations of public events as well as governmental containment actions could also adversely affect our customers’ financial condition, resulting in reduced spending for the products and services we sell or uncollectible accounts receivable, leases or notes receivable or our customers’ ability to receive goods we ship to their locations. Moreover, any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis could adversely affect our ability to adequately staff and manage our businesses. Risks or regulations related to an epidemic, pandemic, or other health crisis may continue to lead to the complete or partial closure of one or more of our offices, configuration centers, or warehouse, or the operations of our customers or our sourcing partners. Office closures of our customers may reduce our ability to provide onsite professional services and staffing. RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY AND OUR INDUSTRY General economic weakness may harm our operating results and financial condition. Our results of operations are largely dependent upon the state of
the economy. Global and domestic economic weakness, economic recession, trade
wars or trade disruption, inflation, rising cost and interest rates, and other
economic uncertainties may result in decreased sales, gross margin, earnings,
and/or growth rates from our US-based customers and from customers outside the
US. Actions taken by central banks to counter inflation or weakness in the
global banking industry, sustained uncertainty about global political
conditions, the downgrade of the US debt rating, periods of intense diplomatic
or armed conflict, government spending cuts including efforts from The
Department of Government Efficiency (“DOGE”) and the impact of new laws,
regulations, or government policies (including the introduction of new or
increased taxes, the imposition of minimum taxes or new or increased
limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits), or a tightening of
credit markets, or rising interest rates, could cause our customers and
potential customers to postpone, reduce or stop spending on technology products
or services which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations or cash flows. We depend on continued competitive innovations in hardware, software, and service offerings by our vendors, and our ability to partner with new and emerging technology providers and adapt to changes in the IT industry. The technology industry is characterized by rapid innovation and
the frequent introduction of new and enhanced hardware, software, and service
offerings, such as generative and agentic AI, and cloud-based solutions,
including IaaS, SaaS, and PaaS. We depend on innovations in hardware, software,
and service offerings by our vendors, as well as the acceptance of those
innovations by our customers for the offerings we sell. A decrease in the rate
of innovation by our vendors, or the lack of acceptance of innovations by our
customers, or a shift by customers to technology platforms that we do not sell
could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash
flows. In addition, if we are unable to keep up with changes in technology and new hardware, software, and service offerings––for example by not providing the appropriate training to our account managers, sales technology specialists and engineers to enable them to effectively sell and deliver such new offerings to customers––our business, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. We also depend upon our vendors for the development and marketing of hardware, software, and services to compete effectively with hardware, software, and services of vendors whose products and services we do not currently offer or are not authorized to offer in one or more customer channels. In addition, our success depends on our ability to develop relationships with and sell hardware, software, and services from emerging vendors, as well as vendors that we have not historically represented in the marketplace. To the extent that a vendor’s offering that is highly in demand is not available to us for resale in one or more customer channels, and there is not a competitive offering from another vendor that we are authorized to sell in such customer channels, or we are unable to develop relationships with new technology providers or companies that we have not historically represented, or we partner with a vendor that is not in demand or the demand for whose products significantly decreases, our business, results of operations, or cash flows could be adversely impacted. 18 Table of Contents Cloud offerings may influence our customers to move workloads to cloud providers, which may reduce the procurement of products and services from us. Changes in the IT industry may also affect the demand for our advanced professional and managed services. These ‘as a service’ offerings in many cases are recorded on a net basis which results in a reduction of net sales and an increase in gross margin, or on a ratable basis. Over the past several years, we have seen a significant increase in gross billings recorded on a net basis and a ratable basis due to the industry shift to ‘as a service’ offerings. In addition, these ‘as a service’ offerings that are billed over time decrease the demand for financing these types of transactions and do not provide post contract revenue opportunities due to the intangible nature of the offering as well as similar other software offerings. We have invested a significant amount of capital in our strategy to provide certain products and services, and this strategy may adversely impact our financial position due to competition or changes in the industry or improper focus or selection of the products and services we decide to offer. If we fail to react in a timely manner to such changes, such as generative AI, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Our sales can be dependent on demand for specific product categories, and any change in demand for, or supply of, such products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Changes in interest rates or the loss of key lenders or the constricting of credit markets may affect our future profitability and our ability to monetize our financing receivables and investments in operating leases. We finance transactions with our customers utilizing fix-rate borrowing. If we fund such transactions at inception with a third-party lender, we can lock in an interest rate spread on the transaction between the customer rate and third-party rate. However, we may delay funding the transaction, and if interest rates increase in the interim, the interest rate spread will decrease, which will adversely impact our profitability, or we may not choose to fund the transaction due to higher interest rates, thus inhibiting our ability to monetize our portfolio to generate cash and increasing our credit loss exposure. Historically, our financing business segment is very
transaction-based and has had volatility in its results of operations primarily
due to large transaction gains derived from significant transactions with
system integrators where the federal government is the end user, and
customer-driven events such as early buyouts or terminations. We rely on
lenders to fund financing transactions we originate with our customers. Loss of
any lender or group of lenders may significantly impact our ability to
originate financing transactions, which may negatively impact our financial
condition. In addition, our lenders may no longer be willing to provide funding
under our current terms and conditions and may demand updated terms and
conditions that negatively impact our ability to consummate a financing
transaction with our customers. The DOGE is currently reducing federal
government spend resulting in early terminations of financing contracts. Many
of these contracts have been sold to lenders and they are experiencing
litigation and losses as a result. This may substantially limit the number of
lenders interested in purchasing these contracts, which would in turn put
negative pressure on the transaction gains we receive in the future, if any.
Transactions gains and customer-driven events are unpredictable and often
outsized and there is no guarantee that we will continue to realize transaction
gains and post contract earnings in the future. We are also subject to changes, if any, in our lenders’
willingness to provide financing for different, particularly lower, credit
quality lessees, or lessees in certain market segments that may experience headwinds.
Changes in interest rates, which may be driven by the downgrade of the US debt rating, the federal
government’s early termination of contracts, or other factors may make it more
difficult or impossible for us to find or maintain lenders needed for us to
profitably finance leasing solutions where the government may be the end-user,
which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash
flows. 19 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS Failure to comply with new laws or changes to existing laws may adversely impact our business. Our operations are subject to numerous US and foreign laws and regulations in several areas including, but not limited to, areas of labor and employment, immigration, advertising, e-commerce, patent and copyright, tax, import and export requirements, financing, anti-corruption, data privacy requirements, anti-competition, and environmental, health, and safety. We are also subject to a vast number of evolving laws at the local, state and federal levels, including employment and data privacy laws, and securities laws. We, our customers, vendors, and industry are experiencing significant changes in the enforcement of, guidance relating to, and the application of, laws. Rapid changes in trade-related laws and Executive Orders including tariffs, import/export regulations, and sanctions is creating uncertainty and complexity in supply chain management. We anticipate that these changes will materially impact our costs and will largely result in our passing tariffs onto our customers. Compliance with these laws, regulations, and Executive Orders may be onerous and expensive. The laws and regulations may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be repeatedly and unpredictably modified, rescinded, or stayed by legislative bodies, regulatory agencies, and/or courts, further increasing the cost of compliance, and doing business, and the risk of noncompliance. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to help comply with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no certainty that our employees, contractors, or agents will fully comply with laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. Additionally, as our customers and vendors implement policies and processes for their own compliance with current, anticipated, and pending laws and regulations, they may impose requirements on us, which we may not be able to timely and cost-effectively fulfill. We may not adequately protect ourselves through our contract vehicles, or our insurance policies may not be adequate to address potential losses or claims. Our contracts may not protect us against the risks inherent in our business including, but not limited to, warranties, limitations of liability, indemnification obligations, human resources and subcontractor-related claims, patent and product liability, regulatory and compliance obligations, data security and privacy, and financing activities. Also, we face pressure from our customers for competitive pricing and contract terms. In addition, order cancellations by our customers may result from product constraints, or other economic concerns. While we may mitigate risk through our contracts, if orders are cancelled by our customers, we may have an increased risk of dispute resulting in non-payment. Such disputes may be complicated by novel legal arguments relating to contract enforceability, such as the application of force majeure, impossibility or impracticability of performance, and frustration of purpose. Despite the non-recourse nature of the loans financing certain of our activities, non-recourse lenders may file suit if the underlying transaction turns out poorly for the lenders. We are currently experiencing an increase in federal contract terminations, some arising from the mission of the DOGE. While most of these contracts were sold to a lender, we may be subject to claims and the cost of defending such claims due to the nature of our business. We also are subject to audits by various vendor partners and customers, including government agencies, relating to purchases, sales, data privacy and compliance under various contracts. In addition, we are subject to indemnification claims under various contracts. Failure to comply with our public-sector contracts or applicable laws and regulations could result in, among other things, termination, fines or other liabilities, and changes in procurement regulations could adversely impact our business. Revenues in our public sector are derived from sales to SLED customers, through various contracts and open market sales of products and services. Sales to SLED customers are highly regulated and SLED customer purchases are subject to availability of funds from taxation, grants, or other sources including the federal government. The DOGE is cancelling certain funding mechanisms and continuing to seek spending cuts in the federal government which have and most likely will continue to decrease funds from the federal government to our SLED customers. This may decrease SLED customers spend with us. Noncompliance with contract provisions, government procurement regulations, or other applicable laws or regulations could result in civil, criminal, and administrative liability, including substantial monetary fines or damages, termination of SLED sector customer contracts, and suspension, debarment, or ineligibility from doing business with the government and other customers in the SLED sector. Contracts in the SLED sector are generally terminable at any time for convenience of the contracting agency or upon default and are subject to audits. In addition, most contracts require successfully bidding and award of the contract. These bid processes can be complex and require extensive review of terms and conditions and data compilation. Multiple bidders may win a product category, which creates aggressive competition even after contract award. The effect of any of these possible actions could adversely affect our business, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, the adoption of new or modified procurement regulations and other requirements may increase our compliance costs and reduce our gross margins, which could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, or cash flows. 20 Table of Contents We face risks of claims from third parties for intellectual property infringement, including counterfeit products, which could harm our business. We may be subject to claims that our products and services, or products that we resell, infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties and/or are counterfeit products. In addition, decreased product accessibility may foster more counterfeit product availability, including components within products that we purchase, and we may be subject to claims by our customers, vendors, or suppliers for unknowingly selling these types of products. The vendor of certain products or services we resell may not provide us with indemnification for infringement or otherwise; however, our customers may seek indemnification from us. We could incur substantial costs in defending infringement claims against ourselves and our customers. In the event of such claims, we and our customers may be required to obtain one or more licenses from third parties. We may not be able to obtain such licenses from third parties at a reasonable cost or at all. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any such required license could significantly increase our expenses and/or adversely affect our ability to offer one or more of our services. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property and costs to protect our intellectual property may affect our earnings. The success of our business strategy depends, in part, upon proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws, and contractual provisions with our customers, subcontractors, and employees to protect our proprietary technology. It may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy certain portions of our products or reverse engineer or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Some of our agreements with our customers and technology licensors contain residual clauses regarding confidentiality and the rights of third parties to obtain the source code for our products. These provisions may limit our ability to protect our intellectual property rights in the future that could seriously harm our business and operating results. Our means of protecting our intellectual property rights may not be adequate. The legal and associated costs to protect our intellectual property in the US and foreign jurisdictions may significantly increase our expenses and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We may deem it necessary to protect our intellectual property rights and significant expenses could be incurred with no certainty of the results of these potential actions. Costs relative to lawsuits are usually expensed in the periods incurred and there is no certainty of recouping any of the amounts expended regardless of the outcome of any action. RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR STOCK Our common stock price may be volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance, and holders of our common stock could lose a significant portion of their investment. The market price for our common stock may be volatile. Our stockholders may not be able to resell their shares of common stock at or above the price at which they purchased such shares, due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock, which may be caused by several factors, many of which we cannot control, including the

