TICKER: PNR
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain stability, possible tariff increases, unemployment rates, availability of consumer and commercial financing, interest rates, inflation rates and energy and commodity prices. Recessions, economic downturns, inflation, slowing economic growth and social and political instability in the industries and/or markets where we compete could negatively affect our revenues and financial performance in future periods, result in future restructuring charges and adversely impact our ability to grow or sustain our business. For example, current macroeconomic and political instability, inflation and the strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar have, and could continue to, adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, military conflicts, such as those between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, and their impact on economies, may adversely impact our results of operations. The businesses of many of our industrial customers are to varying degrees cyclical and have experienced periodic downturns. While we attempt to minimize our exposure to economic or market fluctuations by serving a balanced mix of end markets and geographic regions, any of the above factors, individually or in the aggregate, or a significant or sustained downturn in a specific end market or geographic region could reduce demand for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We compete in attractive markets with a high level of competition, which may result in pressure on our profit margins and limit our ability to maintain or increase the market share of our products. The markets for our products and services are geographically diverse and highly competitive. We compete against large and well-established national and global companies, regional and local companies, diversified and pure-play companies, and lower-cost manufacturers. Competition may also result from new entrants into, or consolidation among competitors in, the markets we serve offering products and/or services that compete with ours. We compete based on technical expertise, intellectual property, reputation for quality and reliability, timeliness of delivery, previous installation history, contractual terms, service offerings, customer experience and service and price. Some of our competitors attempt to compete based primarily on price, localized expertise and local relationships, especially with respect to products and applications that do not require a great deal of engineering or technical expertise. In addition, during economic downturns, average selling prices tend to decrease as market participants compete more aggressively on price. Moreover, demand for our products, which impacts profit margins, is affected by changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases, adoption of new technology and connected products, and changes in customers’ preferences for our products, including the success of products offered by our competitors. Customer purchasing behavior may also shift by product mix in the market or result in a shift to new distribution channels. Furthermore, new entrants into, or consolidation among competitors in, the markets we serve may result in new ways to bring products and services to market, which, in turn may negatively impact our profit margins. If we are unable to continue to differentiate our products, services and solutions or adapt to changes in customer purchasing behavior or shifts in distribution channels, or if we are unable to maintain our desired pricing or forced to incur additional costs to remain competitive, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to transform and adapt our products, services, solutions and organization to meet the demands of local markets in both developed and emerging economies and by developing or acquiring new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. We operate in global markets that are characterized by customer demand that is often global in scope but localized in delivery. We compete with numerous smaller regional and local companies that may be positioned to offer products produced at lower cost than ours, or to capitalize on highly localized relationships and knowledge that are difficult for us to replicate. Also, in several markets, potential customers prefer local suppliers, in some cases because of existing relationships and in other cases because of local legal restrictions or incentives that favor local businesses. In addition, we need to be flexible to adapt our products to ever changing customer preferences, including those relating to climate change and sustainability matters as well as regulatory requirements. We have identified specific product and geographic market opportunities that we find attractive and 7 continue to pursue, both within and outside the U.S. We expect to continue investing in our businesses to drive these opportunities through research and development and additional sales and marketing resources. Unless we successfully penetrate these markets, our core sales growth will likely be limited or may decline. Accordingly, our future success depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to transform and adapt our products, services, solutions, organization, workforce and sales strategies to fit localities throughout the world; identify emerging technological and other trends in our target end markets; and develop or acquire competitive technologies, products, services and solutions and bring them to market quickly and cost-effectively. We must also monitor emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, and business models, and we may not be able to take advantage of such technologies, which could include not being able to attract and retain talent that would enable us to leverage such technologies. Our competitors may be more successful in their technology strategy and develop superior products and services with the aid of emerging technologies. In addition, the markets for our products, services and solutions may not develop or grow as we anticipate. The failure of our products, services or solutions to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our competitors, the introduction of new competitors to the market with new or innovative product offerings or the failure to address any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may not be able to identify, finance and complete suitable acquisitions and investments, and any completed acquisitions and investments may be unsuccessful or consume significant resources. Our business strategy includes acquiring businesses and making investments that complement our existing businesses. We continue to analyze and evaluate the acquisition of strategic businesses or product lines with the potential to strengthen our industry position or enhance our existing set of product, service, and solution offerings. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, obtain financing or have sufficient cash necessary for acquisitions or successfully complete acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrences, equity issuances, operating losses and expenses. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: • diversion of management time and attention from daily operations; • difficulties integrating acquired businesses, technologies and personnel into our business; • difficulties in obtaining and verifying the financial statements and other business information of acquired businesses; • inability to obtain required regulatory approvals; • potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships or key customers of acquired companies or of ours; • assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies; and • dilution of interests of holders of our shares through the issuance of equity securities or equity-linked securities. It may be difficult for us to integrate acquired businesses efficiently into our business operations or to realize expected financial benefits of acquired businesses. Any acquisitions or investments may not be successful or realize the intended benefits and may ultimately result in impairment charges or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our business initiatives. During 2025, we executed certain business restructuring initiatives aimed at reducing our fixed cost structure and realigning our business. Additionally, in 2025, we made progress on our Transformation Program designed to accelerate growth and drive margin expansion by driving operational excellence, reducing complexity and streamlining our processes. As a result, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur in the future, substantial expense, including transformation costs that include professional services, project management and related design and execution charges, as well as costs related to both labor and non-labor restructuring and IT investments, and restructuring charges. In 2025, we implemented 80/20 guiding principles, which focus on key customers and products through quadrant-based strategies, and we expect this approach to result in improved operating performance by driving margin growth with our highest value customers, reducing lower margin sales and removing complexity in the future. As a result, it is possible our revenues could be reduced by exiting certain customers and products. In addition, we may not be able to achieve accelerated growth or ongoing margin expansion and operating efficiencies to reduce costs or realize benefits that we anticipate in connection with the foregoing initiatives. If we are unable to execute these initiatives as planned, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . 8 We may experience cost increases and other inflation. In recent years, we have experienced inflationary cost increases of raw materials, such as metals and resins, drives and motors, as well as increases in logistics, transportation, energy, insurance and labor costs (including wages, pensions and health care benefits). The ongoing volatile market for commodities has the potential to continue to drive price increases in our supply chain. The current U.S. administration has implemented tariffs with an ongoing possibility of implementing additional, or increasing current, tariffs, which have also triggered reactionary tariff adjustments by other countries; these actions and any additional reactionary tariff adjustments by other countries may continue to contribute to inflationary cost increases. We strive for productivity improvements and implement increases in selling prices to help mitigate cost increases. We also implement operational initiatives to mitigate the impacts of inflation and reduce our costs. However, these actions may not be successful in managing our costs or increasing our productivity. We anticipate supply chain pressures and inflationary cost increases due to potential tariffs and pressure on global manufacturing to continue into 2026. Continued cost inflation, new or increased tariffs, or our failure to increase prices, generate cost savings or improve productivity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Interruption of our supply chain could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. In recent years, we have experienced supply chain challenges, including increased lead times for raw materials due to availability constraints and high demand for these materials. These disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them may increase product, logistics or labor costs, limit availability of raw materials or cause delays in delivering our backlog, or may cause an inability to deliver products to our customers or meet customer demand. While we have elevated our engagement with our suppliers and used secondary suppliers and new methods of procurement where available to mitigate supply chain pressures, supply chain challenges may continue in the future. In addition, as we execute on our ongoing Transformation Program, we may incur additional costs as a result of changing to new suppliers and investing in alternative fixtures and tools. Any material interruption in our supply chain, such as: material interruption of the supply of raw materials and components due to the casualty loss of any of our manufacturing plants; interruptions in service by our third-party logistic service providers or common carriers that ship goods within our distribution channels; unexpected delays in shipping or processing through customs of goods; increased logistics costs, including air freight; lack of availability of marine cargo insurance for shipments in certain geographies due to hostilities; trade restrictions, such as increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes or customs restrictions or inspections; or other unexpected or uncontrollable events that cause a material interruption in our supply chain such as pandemics, social or labor unrest, natural disasters, or political disputes, international hostilities, and military conflicts could negatively affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and have a negative material impact on our business and our profitability. Additionally, our raw materials and components are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international business partners. We rely on these suppliers to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner may be a challenge, especially with respect to raw materials and components sourced from outside the U.S. and from countries or regions with diminished infrastructure, developing or failing economies or which are experiencing political instability or social unrest. For certain products, we may rely on one or very few suppliers. A supplier's failure to meet our standards, provide products in a timely and efficient manner or comply with applicable laws is beyond our control. In addition, our competitors may be less reliant on third-party suppliers than we are or have suppliers in a region that has a better cost position or an enhanced logistical advantage than we have, which may give such competitors more control over their supply chain and lead times for manufacturing products. These issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are exposed to political, regulatory, economic, trade, and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. Sales outside of the U.S. for the year ended December 31, 2025 accounted for 30% of our net sales. Further, most of our businesses obtain some products, components and raw materials from non-U.S. suppliers. Accordingly, our business is subject to the political, regulatory, economic, trade, and other risks that are inherent in operating in, and purchasing from, numerous countries. These risks include: • changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate or purchase from, particularly in emerging markets; • relatively more severe or unpredictable economic conditions in some international markets than in the U.S.; • the imposition of sanctions, tariffs, duties, exchange controls, currency restrictions or other trade restrictions; • changes in tax treaties, laws or rulings that could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate; • the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through non-U.S. legal systems; 9 • the difficulty of communicating and monitoring evolving regulations, standards and directives across our sales channels, product lines, services and global facilities; • the difficulty of ensuring that our products, services, sales channels and supply chains meet ever-changing regional regulations and requirements; • trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements and restrictions; • the possibility of international hostilities, military conflicts or terrorist action affecting us, our operations, supply chains, our end-markets or economies generally; • the threat of nationalization and expropriation; • changes due to nationalist consumer sentiment; • the difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations in non-U.S. labor markets; • limitations on repatriation of earnings or other regionally-imposed capital requirements; • the difficulty of protecting intellectual property in non-U.S. countries; and • changes in and required compliance with a variety of non-U.S. laws and regulations, some of which may be incompatible with each other or U.S. laws and regulations. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks. We cannot provide assurance that these and other factors will not have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business as a whole. Changes in U.S. or foreign government administrative policy, including the imposition of, or increases in, tariffs and changes to existing trade agreements, could have a material adverse effect on us. As a result of changes to U.S. or foreign government administrative policy, there may be changes to existing trade agreements; greater restrictions on free trade generally; imposition of or significant increases in tariffs on goods, including those imported into the U.S., particularly tariffs on steel, aluminum and copper and products manufactured in Mexico, China and the European Union, or other countries where we purchase, have operations or manufacture or sell products; prohibitions or restrictions on doing business with certain entities, including those with certain relationships with China; and adverse responses by foreign governments to U.S. trade policy, among other possible changes. The current U.S. administration has implemented tariffs with an ongoing possibility of implementing additional, or increasing current, tariffs, and it remains unclear what the U.S. administration or foreign governments, including China, will or will not do with respect to tariffs or international trade agreements and policies, including the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the current version of which is due for review in 2026. Additionally, the U.S. government has announced enhanced focus on customs enforcement, including through the creation of a Trade Fraud Task Force, a cross-agency initiative of the U.S. Departments of Justice and Homeland Security to address trade fraud, tariff evasion and customs violations. This heightened enforcement paradigm, along with the recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to strike down certain tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, have created additional uncertainty as to the scale and short and long-term effect these tariffs will have. A trade war; other governmental action, including threatened actions and uncertainty, related to tariffs or international trade agreements; additional changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently purchase, have operations or manufacture and sell products; and any negative sentiments towards the U.S. as a result of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and on-time delivery could damage our reputation with customers and negatively impact our results. Product and service quality issues could harm customer confidence in our company and our brands. If certain of our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding quality, safety or performance, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and we could be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks. In addition, a recall or claim could require us to review some or all of our product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other products, which could result in a significant disruption to our business and our results of operations. We have experienced such quality issues in the past and may experience such issues in the future. We cannot be certain that our quality controls and procedures will reveal defects in our products or their raw materials, which may not become apparent until after the products have been placed in use in the market. Accordingly, there is a risk that products will have defects, which could result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance and require a product recall or field corrective action. Such remedial actions can be expensive to implement and may damage our reputation and customer relationships. We have conducted product recalls and field corrective actions in the past and may do so again in the future. Our ability to compete and generate sales 10 depends in part on our capacity to meet customer demand and ensure that products and services are delivered to the customer on time. If we are unable to manufacture and deliver products to customers on time, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and we could be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks. The inability to deliver our products to customers on time could also restrict our manufacturing capacity, which could lead to the loss of customers and restrict our ability to grow sales. The failure to address any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Intellectual property challenges may hinder our ability to develop, engineer and market our products. Patents, non-compete agreements, proprietary technologies, customer relationships, trademarks, trade names and brand names are important to our business. Intellectual property protections, however, may not preclude competitors from developing products like ours, or from challenging our names or products. Our pending patent, copyright and trademark registration applications may not be accepted, or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents, copyrights or trademarks. In addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. Furthermore, our business strategy also includes expanding our smart product offerings and there are many other companies that hold patents in this space. We have noticed an increasing tendency for participants in our markets, including competitors, to use challenges to intellectual property to compete. Patent and trademark challenges increase our costs to develop, engineer and market our products. We may need to spend significant resources monitoring, enforcing and defending, including through litigation, our intellectual property rights, and we may or may not be able to detect infringement by third parties. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights or register new patents, our competitive position could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have significant goodwill and intangible assets and future impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on at least an annual basis, and more frequently if circumstances warrant. As of December 31, 2025, our goodwill and intangible assets were $4,611.4 million and represented approximately 67% of our total assets. A decline in fair market value could result in future goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. A loss of, or material cancellation, reduction, or delay in purchases by, or delivery of products to, one or more of our largest customers could harm our business. Our net sales to our largest customer represented approximately 18% of our consolidated net sales in 2025. While we do not have any other customers that accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales in 2025, we have other customers that are key to the success of our business. Our concentration of sales to a relatively small number of larger customers makes our relationship with each of these customers important to our business. Our success is dependent on retaining these customers, which requires us to successfully manage relationships and anticipate the needs of our customers in the channels in which we sell our products. Our customers also may be impacted by economic conditions in the industries of those customers, which could result in reduced demand for or a delay in purchases of our products. In addition, our customers may cancel orders for purchases of our products or may not order products at rates consistent with past order levels, including due to inventory rebalancing or corrections in channels. In addition, we may not be able to timely deliver products to our largest customers due to supply chain interruptions or otherwise. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to retain our largest customers. In addition, some of our customers may shift their purchases to our competitors in the future. The loss of one or more of our largest customers, any material cancellation of, reduction to, or delay in purchases by, or delivery of products to, these customers or our inability to successfully develop relationships with additional customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Catastrophic and other events beyond our control may disrupt operations at our manufacturing facilities and those of our suppliers, which could cause us to be unable to meet customer demands or increase our costs, or reduce customer spending. If operations at any of our manufacturing facilities or those of our suppliers were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, earthquakes, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, political disputes, international hostilities, military conflicts, cybersecurity incidents, adverse weather conditions, labor disputes, public health epidemics or pandemics or other catastrophic events or disruptions outside of our control, we may be unable to fill customer orders and otherwise meet customer demand for our products. Some of our operations, including our pool business operations in North Carolina, Florida and California, are in areas that are more susceptible to natural disasters such as hurricanes, wildfires and earthquakes. These types of events may negatively impact residential, commercial and industrial spending in impacted regions or, depending on the severity, global spending. As a result, any of such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We maintain property insurance that we believe to be adequate to provide for reconstruction of facilities and equipment, and to cover business interruption losses resulting from any production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss. However, any recovery under our insurance policies may not offset the lost sales or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations and may also affect the price 11 and availability of insurance in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Seasonality of sales and weather conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We experience seasonal demand with end customers and end users within each of our business segments. Demand for pool equipment in the Pool segment and water solution, residential water supply and agricultural products in the Water Solutions segment follows warm weather trends, with seasonal highs ranging from April to September. While historically we have attempted to mitigate the magnitude of the sales spikes in the Pool segment by employing advance sale “early buy” programs (generally including extended payment terms and/or additional discounts), we cannot provide assurance that these programs will be successful should we continue to use them in the future. In addition, seasonal effects associated with products within our Water Solutions and Pool segments may vary from year-to-year and be impacted by weather patterns, such as temperature, heavy flooding and droughts. Moreover, adverse weather conditions, such as cold or wet weather, may negatively impact demand for, and sales of, products within our business segments. Volatility in currency exchange rates and failure to effectively hedge our exposure to fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Sales outside of the U.S. for the year ended December 31, 2025 accounted for approximately 30% of our net sales. Our financial statements reflect translation of items denominated in non-U.S. currencies to U.S. dollars. Therefore, if the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the principal non-U.S. currencies from which we derive revenue as compared to a prior period, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will effectively be decreased to the extent of the change in currency valuations, and vice-versa. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, most notably the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro, could have a material adverse effect on our reported revenue in future periods. In addition, currency variations could have a material adverse effect on margins on sales of our products in countries outside of the U.S. and margins on sales of products that include components obtained from suppliers located outside of the U.S. Periodically, we use derivative financial instruments to manage or reduce the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. If we are not successful in monitoring our foreign currency exchange exposures and conducting an effective hedging program, our foreign currency hedging activities may not offset the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on our results of operations and financial position. Our business may be adversely affected by matters associated with our labor force. Certain of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements or represented by works councils. Although we believe that our relations with the labor unions and works councils that represent our employees are generally good and we have experienced no material work stoppages recently, we may experience these and other types of conflicts with labor unions, works councils, or other groups representing our employees. Any future negotiations with these groups may result in significant increases in our cost of labor. In addition, an important aspect of attracting and retaining qualified personnel is continuing to offer competitive wages, employee healthcare, retirement plans and other benefits. The expenses we record for our employee benefit plans depend on factors such as changes in market interest rates and healthcare cost inflation, and significant unfavorable changes in these factors could increase our expenses and funding requirements. An inability to control costs and funding requirements related to employee benefits could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Complications with the design or implementation of our updated enterprise resource planning system could adversely impact our business and operations. We rely extensively on information systems and technology to operate and manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of an updated global enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system in connection with moving to digital processes under our Transformation Program. Ultimately, this ERP system will modernize several of our existing operating and transactional financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to our management team related to the operation of the business. The ERP system implementation process has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP system without experiencing delays, increased costs and other difficulties. If we are unable to successfully design and implement the updated ERP system as planned, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned or the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected or our ability to assess those controls adequately could be delayed. Risks Relating to Our Debt and Financial Markets Increased leverage may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, we had $1,652.7 million of total debt outstanding on a consolidated basis. Subject to restrictions in our debt agreements, we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including in connection with 12 acquisitions. Our level of indebtedness and any future increases in our level of indebtedness may have important effects on our future operations, including, without limitation: • additional cash requirements in order to support the payment of interest on our outstanding indebtedness; • increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, as well as to competitive pressure; • reduced ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate and other purposes; • reduced flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and • limited flexibility to make acquisitions and develop technology. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on and to refinance our indebtedness, including our existing debt as well as any future debt that we may incur, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from operations, financings or sales of assets or businesses. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements, we may be required, among other things: • to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; • to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; • to sell selected assets or businesses; or • to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements. In addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets or businesses might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms. Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us. Our credit agreements and indentures contain customary financial covenants, including those that limit the amount of our debt, which may restrict the operations of our business and our ability to incur additional debt to finance acquisitions. Our ability to meet the financial covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot provide assurance that we will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreements or indentures. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our credit facilities or indentures, the lenders or trustees could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and, in the case of credit facility lenders, terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders or trustees accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our credit facilities and our other indebtedness. Furthermore, acceleration of any obligation under any of our material debt instruments will permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We may increase our debt or raise additional capital, our credit ratings may be downgraded in the future, or our interest rates may increase, each of which could affect our financial condition, and may decrease our profitability. As of December 31, 2025, we had $1,652.7 million of total debt outstanding on a consolidated basis. We may increase our debt or raise additional capital in the future, subject to restrictions in our debt agreements. If our cash flow from operations is less than we anticipate, if our cash requirements are more than we expect, or if we intend to finance acquisitions, we may require more financing. However, debt or equity financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of additional capital shares, the terms of the debt or capital shares issued may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our ordinary shares, particularly in the event of liquidation. The terms of the debt may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on our operations than we currently have. If we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, the percentage ownership of existing shareholders in our company would decline. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, our financial condition could be adversely affected. Unfavorable changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the debt capital markets may become restricted. Additionally, our credit agreements generally include an increase in 13 interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. To the extent that our interest rates increase, our interest expense will increase, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect us, our customers and our suppliers by increasing funding costs or reducing availability of credit. In the normal course of our business, we may access credit markets for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of indebtedness, acquisitions, additions to working capital, repurchase of shares, capital expenditures and investments in our subsidiaries. Although we expect to have sufficient liquidity to meet our foreseeable needs, our access to and the cost of capital could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the credit markets, including due to failures of financial institutions, which have occurred in the past and made financing terms for borrowers unattractive or unavailable. These factors may make it more difficult or expensive for us to access credit markets if the need arises. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for our suppliers to meet demand for products or for customers to purchase products or commence new projects as suppliers and customers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. Disruptions in the financial markets may have adverse effects on various areas of the economy, which could lead to a slowdown in general economic activity and adversely affect our businesses. One or more of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Matters Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption laws outside the U.S. could have a material adverse effect on us. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC, increased enforcement activity by non-U.S. regulators, and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from negligent, reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or third-party intermediaries. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees, suppliers, customers or agents have or may have violated applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, we may be required to investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Violations of these laws may require self-disclosure to government agencies and result in criminal or civil sanctions, which could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our failure to satisfy international trade compliance regulations, and changes in U.S. government and other applicable sanctions, could have a material adverse effect on us. Our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. Certain of the products we sell are “dual use” products, which are products that may have both civil and military applications, or may otherwise be involved in weapons proliferation, and are often subject to more stringent export controls. From time to time, we obtain or receive information alleging improper activity in connection with imports or exports. Our policies mandate strict compliance with U.S. and non-U.S. trade laws applicable to our products. However, even when we are in strict compliance with law and our policies, we may suffer reputational damage if certain of our products are sold through various intermediaries directly to sanctioned entities, to entities that may utilize sanctioned entities to complete transactions, or to entities operating in sanctioned countries. When we receive information alleging improper activity, our policy is to investigate that information and respond appropriately, including, if warranted, reporting our findings to relevant governmental authorities. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures may not always protect us from actions that would violate applicable laws. Any improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, including material monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges, and could damage our reputation and business prospects. We are exposed to environmental, health and safety laws, liabilities and litigation. We are subject to U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing protection of the environment and worker health and safety. Compliance with these environmental, health and safety regulations could require us to satisfy environmental requirements, increase the cost of manufacturing our products or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any violations of these laws by us could cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities. We are also required to comply with various environmental laws and maintain permits, many of which are subject to renewal from time to time, for many of our businesses, and we could be adversely impacted if we are unable to renew existing permits or to obtain any additional permits that may be required. Compliance with environmental requirements 14 also could require significant operating or capital expenditures or result in significant operational restrictions. We cannot provide assurance that we have been or will be at all times in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We have been named as a defendant, target or a potentially responsible party (“PRP”) in environmental matters relating to our current or former businesses. We have disposed of a number of businesses and in certain cases, we have retained responsibility and potential liability for certain environmental obligations. We have received claims for indemnification from certain purchasers of businesses from us. We may be named as a PRP at other sites in the future for existing business units, as well as both divested and acquired businesses. In addition to clean-up actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring individual or class-action lawsuits due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, including at sites where we did not have operations but may have acquired liability through an acquisition of a business. Certain environmental laws impose liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at their properties or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. We have projects underway at current and former manufacturing facilities to investigate and remediate environmental contamination resulting from our past operations or by the operations of divested or acquired businesses or other businesses that previously owned or used the properties. The cost of remediation and other environmental liabilities can be difficult to accurately predict and may be excluded by insurance. In addition, environmental requirements change and tend to become more stringent over time. Our eventual environmental remediation costs and liabilities could exceed the amount of our current reserves. Our subsidiaries are party to asbestos-related litigation that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our subsidiaries, along with numerous other companies, are named as defendants in a substantial number of lawsuits based on alleged exposure to asbestos-containing materials, substantially all of which relate to our discontinued operations. These cases typically involve product liability claims alleging manufacture, sale or distribution of industrial products that either contained asbestos or were attached to or used with asbestos-containing components manufactured by third parties or to which asbestos insulation was applied after installation. It is possible that cases could be brought against us alleging that asbestos was present at facilities we own or used to own. Each case typically names a large number of product manufacturers, service providers and premises owners. Historically, our subsidiaries have been identified as defendants in asbestos-related claims. Our strategy has been, and continues to be, to mount a vigorous defense aimed at having unsubstantiated suits dismissed, and settling claims before trial only where appropriate. As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately 795 asbestos-related claims pending against our subsidiaries, substantially all of which relate to our discontinued operations. We cannot predict with certainty the extent to which we will be successful in litigating or otherwise resolving lawsuits in the future, and we continue to evaluate different strategies related to asbestos claims filed against us. Unfavorable rulings, judgments or settlement terms could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, while most of the asbestos claims against us are covered by liability insurance policies from many years ago, not all claims are insured. As our insurers resolve claims relating to past policy periods, the aggregate coverage provided by those policies erodes. If we exhaust our coverage under those policies, we will be exposed to potential uninsured losses. Over time, the uninsured portion of our asbestos docket may increase, which may require us to set greater reserves to resolve future asbestos cases. Failure to comply with the broad range of standards, laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate may result in exposure to substantial disruptions, costs and liabilities. Our products, manufacturing facilities and business operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local statutory and regulatory requirements, both within and outside the U.S. These laws and regulations impose on us increasingly complex, stringent and costly monitoring and compliance activities, including but not limited to environmental, health and safety protection standards and permitting, labeling and other requirements regarding (among other things) product efficiency and performance, material makeup, air quality and emissions, and wastewater discharges; the use, handling and disposal of hazardous or toxic materials and substances, including perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”) and other substances of concern; remediation of environmental contamination; and working conditions for and compensation of our employees. We may also be affected by future standards, laws or regulations, including those imposed in response to energy, climate change, product functionality, geopolitical, corporate social responsibility or similar concerns. These standards, laws or regulations may impact our costs of operation, the sourcing of raw materials and the manufacture and distribution of our products and place restrictions and other requirements or impediments on the products and solutions we can sell in certain geographical locations or on the willingness of certain investors to own our shares. We are exposed to certain regulatory, financial and other risks related to climate change and other sustainability matters. Climate change continues to receive attention worldwide. Many scientists, legislators and others attribute global warming to increased levels of greenhouse gases, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) has published findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, 15 methane, and other greenhouse gases (“GHGs”) present a danger to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to the warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other climate changes. Based on these findings, the EPA has implemented regulations that require reporting of GHG emissions, or that limit emissions of GHGs from certain mobile or stationary sources. In addition, certain states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the development of GHG inventories, GHG permitting and/or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs. It is uncertain whether, when and in what form a federal mandatory carbon dioxide emissions reduction program, or other state programs, may be adopted. These and other existing or potential international initiatives and regulations could affect our operations. To the extent our customers, particularly our energy and industrial customers, are subject to any of these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and regulations, we are exposed to risks that the additional costs by customers to comply with such laws and regulations could impact their ability or desire to continue to operate at similar levels in certain jurisdictions as historically seen or as currently anticipated, which could negatively impact their demand for our products and services. As customers become concerned about the environmental impact of their purchases, if we fail to keep up with changing regulations or innovate or operate in ways that minimize the energy use of our products or operations, customers may choose more energy efficient or sustainable alternatives. These actions could also increase costs associated with our operations, including costs for raw materials and transportation. We may also be subject to consumer lawsuits or enforcement actions by governmental authorities if our sustainability claims relating to product marketing are inaccurate. It is uncertain what new laws will be enacted, and therefore we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws on our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The laws and regulations regarding sustainability disclosures and requirements, including the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in the European Union and various U.S. state requirements such as in California, continue to evolve and could have an adverse effect on our operations and the costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs. As part of our strategy regarding environmental, climate change and sustainability matters, we have set and may adjust corporate responsibility strategic targets or set additional targets aimed at reducing our impact on the environment and climate change and/or targets relating to other sustainability matters. In addition, as a leading provider of water treatment solutions, our business strategy includes positioning our products and services as sustainable solutions. Actions we take to achieve our targets or strategy could result in increased costs to our operations. We may not be able to achieve such targets or our desired impact, and any future investments we make in furtherance of achieving such targets and our strategy may not meet investor expectations or standards regarding sustainability performance. Moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our company and our shareholders to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current targets based on economic, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or feedback from investors or other stakeholders. In addition, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on these matters, and as stakeholder expectations and standards are evolving, we may not be able to sufficiently respond to these evolving standards and expectations or investors may not view our products and services as sustainable solutions. Furthermore, we could be criticized for the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure of our corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives. If we are unable to meet our targets or successfully implement our strategy or our corporate responsibility and sustainability reporting is inaccurate or incomplete, then we could suffer from reputational damage and incur adverse reaction from investors and other stakeholders, which could adversely impact the perception of our brand and our products and services by current and potential investors and customers, which could in turn adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. Increased cybersecurity threats and computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services, and we are exposed to potential regulatory, financial and reputational risks relating to the protection of our data. We rely upon information technology systems and networks in connection with a variety of business activities, some of which are managed by third parties. As our business increasingly interfaces with employees, customers, dealers and suppliers using information technology systems and networks, we are subject to an increased risk to the secure operation of these systems and networks. Our evolution into smart and connected products subjects us to increased cyber and technology risks. The secure operation of our information technology systems and networks is critical to our business operations and strategy. Cybersecurity threats designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data are increasing in frequency and sophistication, including the risk that threat actors will leverage emerging technology, such as artificial intelligence, to exploit vulnerabilities. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of the data we process and maintain. Establishing systems and processes to address these threats may increase our costs. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents, and, although we have determined these cybersecurity incidents to be immaterial and to have had no material adverse effect on our business strategy, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, there can be no assurance of similar results in the future. Should future attacks succeed, it could expose us and our employees, customers, dealers and suppliers to the theft of assets, misuse of information or systems, compromises of confidential information, manipulation and destruction of data, product failures, production downtimes and operations disruptions. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, the costs related to cybersecurity threats or incidents may not be fully insured, and future cybersecurity coverage may become more expensive if we experience a cybersecurity incident. In addition, 16 such cybersecurity incidents could result in litigation, reputational impacts, regulatory action and potential liability and additional costs and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures. For information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, see ITEM 1C.- Cybersecurity. Changes in data privacy laws and our ability to comply with them could have a material adverse effect on us. We collect and store data that is sensitive to us and our employees, customers, dealers and suppliers. A variety of U.S. and non-U.S. state and national, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal and other data. Many data privacy regulations outside of the U.S., including the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) in the European Union, are more stringent than federal regulations in the U.S. Within the U.S., many states are considering adopting, or have already adopted privacy regulations, including, for example, the California Consumer Privacy Act. These laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and could have an adverse effect on our operations. Companies’ obligations and requirements under these laws and regulations are subject to uncertainty in how courts and governmental authorities may interpret them. The costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, and/or result in interruptions or delays in the availability of systems. In the case of non-compliance with these laws, including the GDPR, regulators have the authority to levy significant fines. In addition, if there is a breach of privacy, we may be required to make notifications under data privacy laws or regulations, or could become subject to litigation. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may use artificial intelligence in our business and in our products, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. We are incorporating artificial intelligence solutions into our products, services and features, and we are leveraging artificial intelligence, including generative artificial intelligence and machine learning, in our product development, operations and software programming. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate artificial intelligence into their products or operational processes more quickly or more successfully than us, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation and results of operations. In addition, there are significant risks involved in developing and deploying artificial intelligence and there can be no assurance that the usage of artificial intelligence will enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or profitability. The rapid evolution of artificial intelligence, including the regulation of artificial intelligence by government or other regulatory agencies, will require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our platforms, offerings, services and features to implement artificial intelligence ethically and minimize any unintended harmful impacts. The use by our employees of artificial intelligence tools or technology can adversely impact our business by posing risks to our confidential or proprietary information and could give rise to legal actions or reputational damage, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our workforce may use artificial intelligence tools or technology, which may result in the exposure of our confidential or proprietary information to unauthorized third parties and the misuse of our intellectual property. Use of artificial intelligence tools or technology may also result in claims against us alleging violation of third-party intellectual property rights. Use of artificial intelligence tools or technology may also result in inaccurate results that could cause mistakes in the Company’s decision-making or other business activities, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Further, there is no guarantee that our training and enforcement of procedures governing the use of artificial intelligence will be adequate to safeguard against the unauthorized use of artificial intelligence tools or technology. We may be negatively impacted by litigation and other claims. We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to litigation and other claims. These legal proceedings are typically claims that relate to our products or services or to the conduct of our businesses and include, without limitation, claims relating to commercial, regulatory or contractual disputes with suppliers, authorities, customers or parties to acquisitions and divestitures; intellectual property matters; environmental, asbestos, safety and health matters; product quality and liability matters; matters arising from the use or installation of our products; consumer protection matters and employment and labor matters. The outcome of such legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and some may be disposed of unfavorably to us. In addition to insurance costs rising and insurers decreasing coverage, insurance coverage is not available for some of our claims and may be disputed by carriers in others. While we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable product liability insurance, we may not be able to maintain this insurance on our preferred terms or at an acceptable cost. Further, this insurance may not provide adequate protection against potential or previously existing liabilities. In addition, we self-insure a portion of product liability claims and must satisfy deductibles on other insured claims. Some of our business involves the sale of our products to customers that are constructing large and complex systems, facilities or other capital projects, and while we generally try to limit our exposure to liquidated damages, consequential damages and other potential damages in the contracts for these projects, we could be exposed to significant monetary damages and other liabilities in connection with the sale of our products for these projects for a variety of reasons. In addition, some of our businesses, customers, and dealers are subject to 17 various laws and regulations regarding consumer protection and advertising and sales practices, and we have been named, and may be named in the future, as a defendant in litigation, including class action complaints, arising from alleged violation of these laws and regulations. In addition, our indemnification obligations relating to the purchase or sale of businesses could result in litigation or claims of unknown amounts. Successful claims or litigation against us for significant amounts could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Relating to Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation in Ireland and Tax Residency in the U.K. We are subject to changes in law and other factors that may not allow us to maintain a worldwide effective corporate tax rate that is competitive in our industry. While we believe that we should be able to maintain a worldwide effective corporate tax rate that is competitive in our industry, we cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding tax policies of the jurisdictions where we operate. Also, the tax laws and treaties of the U.S., the U.K., Ireland and other jurisdictions could change in the future, and such changes could cause a material change in our worldwide effective corporate tax rate. For example, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Pillar Two Model Rules (“Pillar Two”) for a global 15.0% minimum tax, have been adopted by a number of jurisdictions in which we operate. Pillar Two has negatively impacted our effective tax rate in 2025 and is likely to continue to impact our effective tax rate in the future. We continue to evaluate the enacted legislative changes and new guidance as it becomes available. In addition, legislative action could be taken by the U.S., the U.K., Ireland or the European Union that could override tax treaties or modify tax statutes or regulations upon which we expect to rely and adversely affect our effective tax rate. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. If proposals were enacted that had the effect of disregarding our incorporation in Ireland or limiting our ability as an Irish company to maintain tax residency in the U.K., we could be subject to increased taxation and/or be required to take action to maintain our effective tax rate, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or our effective tax rate in future reporting periods. A change in our tax residency could have a negative effect on our future profitability, and may trigger taxes on dividends or exit charges. Under current Irish legislation, a company is regarded as resident for tax purposes in Ireland if it is incorporated in Ireland. Under current U.K. legislation, a company that is centrally managed and controlled in the U.K. is regarded as resident in the U.K. for taxation purposes unless it is treated as resident in another jurisdiction pursuant to any appropriate double tax treaty with the U.K. Other jurisdictions may also seek to assert taxing jurisdiction over us. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development proposed a number of measures relating to the tax treatment of multinationals, some of which are implemented by amending double tax treaties through the multilateral convention to implement tax treaty-related measures to prevent base erosion and profit shifting (the “MLI”). The MLI has now entered into force for a number of countries, including Ireland and the U.K. Under the Double Taxation Convention between Ireland and the U.K., as amended by the MLI, the residency tie-breaker provides that a company will remain dual resident unless there is a determination otherwise by the tax authorities of the two contracting states. In January 2021, we obtained a determination from the tax authorities in Ireland, the Irish Revenue Commissioners, and in the U.K., HM Revenue & Customs, which states that we are resident for tax purposes only in the U.K. It is possible that in the future, whether as a result of a change in law, the practice of any relevant tax authority or as a result of any change in the conduct of our affairs, we could become, or be regarded as having become, resident in a jurisdiction other than the U.K. If we cease to be resident in the U.K. and become a resident in another jurisdiction, we may be subject to U.K. exit charges, and could become liable for additional tax charges in the other jurisdiction (including dividend withholding taxes or corporate income tax charges). If we were to be treated as resident in more than one jurisdiction, we could be subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. If, for example, we were considered to be a tax resident of Ireland, we could become liable for Irish corporation tax, and any dividends paid by us could be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax. Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of our securities. It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the U.S. against us in Ireland based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. The U.S. currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland. 18 As an Irish company, we are governed by Irish law and the Irish Companies Act 2014, which differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions, mergers and acquisitions and takeovers, and shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of directors. Further, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances and require court permission to do so. Accordingly, holders of our securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S. Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States, which may negatively impact our ability to issue ordinary shares. Under Irish law, we must have authority from our shareholders to issue any ordinary shares, including shares that are part of our authorized but unissued share capital. In addition, unless otherwise authorized by its shareholders or constitutional document, when an Irish company issues shares for cash to new shareholders, it is required first to offer those shares on the same or more favorable terms to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis. If we are unable to continue to obtain these authorizations from our shareholders, or are otherwise limited by the terms of our authorizations, our ability to issue ordinary shares under our equity compensation plans and, if applicable, to facilitate funding acquisitions or otherwise raise capital could be adversely affected. Transfers of our ordinary shares may be subject to Irish stamp duty. Transfers of our ordinary shares effected by means of the transfer of book entry interests in the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. However, if you hold your ordinary shares directly rather than beneficially through DTC, any transfer of your ordinary shares could be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1% of the higher of the price paid or the market value of the shares acquired). Payment of Irish stamp duty is generally a legal obligation of the transferee. We currently intend to pay, or cause one of our affiliates to pay, stamp duty in connection with share transfers made in the ordinary course of trading by a seller who holds shares directly to a buyer who holds the acquired shares beneficially. In other cases, we may, in our absolute discretion, pay or cause one of our affiliates to pay any stamp duty. Our articles of association provide that, in the event of any such payment, we (i) may seek reimbursement from the buyer, (ii) will have a lien against the shares acquired by such buyer and any dividends paid on such shares and (iii) may set-off the amount of the stamp duty against future dividends on such shares. Parties to a share transfer may assume that any stamp duty arising in respect of a transaction in our shares has been paid unless one or both of such parties is otherwise notified by us. Our ordinary shares received by means of a gift or inheritance could be subject to Irish capital acquisitions tax. Irish capital acquisitions tax (“CAT”) could apply to a gift or inheritance of our ordinary shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence or domicile of the parties. This is because our shares will be regarded as property situated in Ireland. The person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. Gifts and inheritances passing between spouses are exempt from CAT. Children have a tax-free threshold of €400,000 per lifetime in respect of taxable gifts or inheritances received from their parents for periods on or after October 2, 2024. The standard rate of CAT for gifts and inheritances received above this threshold is 33%. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and other third parties that access our systems or that process or store our data. 20 Security awareness and training We provide ongoing security awareness and training to educate internal users on how to identify and report potential issues. Professional-level employees receive mandatory cybersecurity education and training. Employee phishing tests are conducted on a regular basis. Employees who do not follow protocol are redirected for additional training. We also provide periodic updates to employees on emerging cybersecurity trends and ways to protect themselves and our company. Security audits and assessments We perform periodic security audits and assessments to test our cybersecurity program. These efforts span across our cybersecurity program, including but not limited to audits, assessments, tabletop exercises, vulnerability scanning and penetration tests. We regularly engage third parties to assess our cybersecurity program, including cybersecurity maturity assessments, penetration testing and independent review of our security control environment and operating effectiveness. As part of our ongoing assessments, we also evaluate emerging cybersecurity threats to ensure our program remains adaptive and forward-looking. The results of the assessments are included for review by the Security Steering Committee and the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board. We look to enhance our cybersecurity program with the results of the audits, assessments and reviews we perform. Governance The Board is responsible for general oversight of our risk management, including cybersecurity risk. The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing our risk exposure to information security, cybersecurity and data protection, as well as the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. Our CIO/CISO reports to the Audit and Finance Committee on a quarterly basis on the status of the cybersecurity program. Our cybersecurity team, which is responsible for assessing and managing our risks from cybersecurity threats, is led by the CIO/CISO , who reports to our Chief Financial Officer. Effective March 1, 2026, the CIO/CISO will assume the role of Executive Vice President, CIO/CISO, reporting directly to our Chief Executive Officer. The Security Steering Committee provides additional oversight for assessing and managing cybersecurity risk. The CIO/CISO has over 20 years of cybersecurity and technology experience and has previously held Chief Information Security Officer positions at a large public retail company, as well as at a public technology company and services organization. The CIO/CISO has an undergraduate degree in Management Information Systems. Members of our cybersecurity team have broad experience in security functions in various industries. Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel each hold degrees in their respective fields, and each have experience managing risks at the Company and at similar companies, including risks arising from cybersecurity threats. Impact of Cybersecurity Threats Previous cybersecurity incidents have not materially affected us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, risks from cybersecurity threats, including but not limited to exploitation of vulnerabilities, ransomware, denial of service, supply chain attacks or other similar threats may materially affect us, including our execution of business strategy, reputation, results of operations and/or financial condition. See

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Raw materials The principal materials we use in manufacturing our products are mild steel, stainless steel, electronic components (including drives and motors), plastics (resins, fiberglass, epoxies), metals and paint (powder and liquid). In addition to the purchase of raw materials, we purchase some finished goods for distribution for resale. We purchase the materials we use in various manufacturing processes on the open market. We believe the majority of such materials are available through multiple sources and in adequate supply. We have certain long-term commitments, principally price commitments, for the purchase of various component parts and raw materials and continue to work with our suppliers to maintain delivery continuity. Alternate sources of supply are available for most materials and we believe that the termination of any of these commitments would not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Certain commodities, such as metals and resins, are subject to commodity market and duty-driven price fluctuations. We manage these fluctuations through several mechanisms, including long-term agreements with price adjustment clauses for significant commodity market movements in certain circumstances. Prices for raw materials, such as metals and other commodities, have trended higher due to volatile market trends and enacted tariffs and may continue to trend higher in the future. Intellectual property Patents, non-compete agreements, proprietary technologies, customer relationships, trademarks, trade names and brand names are important to our business. However, we do not regard our business as being materially dependent upon any single patent, non-compete agreement, proprietary technology, customer relationship, trademark, trade name or brand name. Patents, patent applications and license agreements will expire or terminate over time by operation of law, in accordance with their terms or otherwise. We do not expect the termination of patents, patent applications or license agreements to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 4 Human capital resources We believe our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain strong employees. We believe a deep-rooted culture energizes our employees to make a difference within and beyond the workplace. We strive to be the destination for top talent, and work hard to develop and retain high performers throughout their career. We also believe our Win Right values, positive culture and commitment to inclusion and belonging foster innovation and curiosity, which, in turn, can contribute to us being an industry leader. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 9,000 employees worldwide, of which approximately 49% are located in the U.S. A small portion of our U.S. employees are unionized. Outside the U.S. we have employees in certain countries, primarily in Europe, who are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association. Employee engagement and development We believe engaging our employees and developing their careers is important to our long-term success and ties directly to our Win Right culture and values. We support our Win Right culture by providing dedicated culture training to our employees globally. We engage with our employees and gather feedback about our employee programs, practices and policies through various approaches that include town hall meetings where Pentair leaders share strategies and perspectives and answer questions; quarterly leadership meetings to communicate our results and expectations; and an annual senior leadership meeting to drive growth and productivity initiatives, share best practices, and invest in our leaders. In addition, we conduct employee engagement and pulse surveys during the year to gauge the level of engagement and potential actions needed on culture, the business, employee experience and retention. We believe in transparency with our employees and provide the results of those surveys to the manager level and above, which drive the development of action plans. Additionally, we provide a high-level overview of survey results in the employee town halls following finalization of survey results. Training and development To support employees in their career journey, we have developed and shared, through our dedicated development site, a number of tools and resources. We offer career pathing and development resources for all functions throughout Pentair. We support development annually with a dedicated career week, individual development planning and targeted development experiences supported through live training sessions; on-demand eLearning, virtual classrooms and downloadable materials. Additionally, our annual talent management process supports employees to set objectives, receive feedback and development and build development plans with their leaders. Our talent development efforts span across various levels of our organization, including our early career Leadership Development Program, a 36-month program in which potential future leaders participate in rotations intended to develop their capabilities through organization-wide exposure, and our Growth Manager Development Program that prepares both new and experienced managers to be more effective and inclusive leaders at Pentair. In addition, our Senior Leadership Development Program supports our senior leaders in driving growth and high performance by strengthening enterprise leadership, team effectiveness and business systems. Inclusion Our commitment to inclusion is part of living our Win Right values. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, engage, develop and retain our employees, which includes diverse employees from an array of backgrounds. We believe an inclusive and diverse workforce contributes different perspectives and innovative ideas that enable us to improve. We believe that every employee should be provided the same opportunity to be heard, respected, have a sense of belonging and contribute to our mission. Our Business Resource Groups, which are open to everyone, have been established to help promote a culture of inclusion by providing an additional forum for employee feedback, such as sharing insights that could help the business improve, and sponsoring awareness, education and engagement. We take an integrated approach to supporting and promoting workplace inclusion by fostering a globally aware, inclusive culture; and reinforcing our practices to be fair and nondiscriminatory. We have various training and organizational approaches dedicated to fostering inclusion, including Business Resource Groups led by employees; Pentair’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and other resources on our company’s intranet. Health, safety and wellness We are committed to providing a safe workplace for all of our employees. We encourage employees to stop work anytime there is a potential concern regarding worker safety and promote an open-door policy so that all of our employees feel free to speak to their manager if there are any potential health, safety, compliance or sustainability concerns. Additionally, each site maintains a confidential reporting process, and we encourage the use of the Ethics Hotline for employees to report anonymously potential safety concerns. All locations, enterprise wide, are required to meet regulatory agency standards as applicable to each site’s location. 5 Compensation and benefits In the U.S., non-union full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: short-term and long-term disability insurance; flexible and health savings accounts and wellness programs; health insurance (medical, pharmacy, dental); eight weeks paid parental leave for birth, adoptive and foster parents; two weeks paid caregiver leave; legal services; retirement benefits; employee stock purchase plan; tuition reimbursement; holidays; vacation and sick time. Benefits for union employees may vary. Sustainability Activities As a leading provider of smart, sustainable water solutions and with a foundation of Win Right values, we recognize that the work we do and the products we provide help to improve lives and the environment around the world. We are focused on building on our Win Right values and culture by contributing to the development of a sustainable and responsible society, which we believe will also drive our future growth. We have established formal sustainability programs to further advance environmental sustainability. Additionally, we are dedicated to further integrating our sustainability strategy throughout our business by creating accountability for targets and shared commitments. In 2025, Pentair completed its second environmental, social and governance assessment in alignment with the European Union’s 2023 Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive framework (“CSRD”). This assessment informed our updated Sustainability Strategic Targets which we announced in 2025. We plan to regularly update this assessment to support sustainability strategic planning and risk management, to set future targets and to make disclosures in accordance with the CSRD and other requirements. Annually, we publish a sustainability report on our environmental sustainability efforts, related activities and accomplishments, which can be found on our corporate website, and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Environmental Matters See

