TICKER: POSC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, any of
which would impede our ability to become profitable. Further, we cannot assure you that an improvement in economic conditions will
result in an immediate, if at all positive, improvement in our operating results or cash flows. Dependence upon third-party suppliers
and the availability of certain radiopharmaceuticals. We rely on a limited number of third parties
to manufacture and supply certain key components of our products, including our molecular imaging systems. We have outsourced production
of our molecular imaging systems to a single contract manufacturer. Although we believe alternative sources of supply are available,
transitioning to an alternative supplier would require a ramp-up period during which production could be delayed or interrupted.
The components and supplies we source are not unique or custom, which we believe mitigates, but does not eliminate, this risk. If a disruption in the availability of
parts or in the operations of any of our suppliers were to occur, our business could be materially adversely affected. We have
backup plans designed to prevent delays in production; however, there can be no assurance that these plans will be successful.
Extended delays in the production of our systems could result in a loss of revenue, which could significantly harm our business
and results of operations. No Assurance of Market Acceptance. The
Company’s systems involve new technology that competes with more established technologies. The purchase and installation
of our system involve a significant capital expenditure on the part of the purchaser. A potential purchaser of our system must
have an available patient base that is large enough to provide the utilization rate needed to justify such capital expenditure.
There can be no assurance that the Company’s systems will be accepted by the target markets, or that the Company’s
sales of systems will increase or that the Company will be profitable. Proprietary Technology . The
Company holds certain trade secret rights relating to various aspects of its technologies, which are of material importance to
the Company and its future prospects. Competitors may be able to design alternative techniques or devices with functionalities
that are comparable to ours. In the event a competitor infringes upon our intellectual property rights, litigation to enforce our
intellectual property rights, even if successful, could be expensive and time consuming and could require significant time and
attention from our management. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Company’s products will not infringe on any
patents of others. We may not have sufficient resources to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend ourselves against
challenges from others. In addition, the Company requires each of its consultants
to enter into a confidentiality agreement designed to assist in protecting the Company’s proprietary rights. There can be
no assurance that these agreements will provide meaningful protection or adequate remedies for the Company’s trade secrets
or proprietary know-how in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information, or that others will not independently
develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to the Company’s trade secrets
and proprietary know-how. Government Regulation . We
are directly, or indirectly through our clients, subject to extensive regulation by both the federal government and the states
in which we conduct our business including: the federal Medicare and Medicaid anti-kickback laws, other Medicare laws, regulations,
rules, manual provisions, and policies that prescribe the requirements for coverage and payment for services performed by us and
our DIS customers; the federal False Claims statutes; the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,
or HIPAA; the Stark Law; the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act; federal and state radioactive materials laws; state food and
drug and pharmacy laws and regulations; state laws that prohibit the practice of medicine by non-physicians and fee-splitting arrangements
between physicians and non-physicians; state scope-of-practice laws; and federal rules prohibiting the mark-up of diagnostic tests
to Medicare under certain circumstances. If our customers are unable or unwilling to comply with these statutes, regulations, rules
and policies, utilization rates of our services and products will decline and our business will be harmed. 13 We maintain a compliance program to identify and
correct any compliance issues and remain in compliance with all applicable laws, to train employees, to audit and monitor our operations,
and to achieve other compliance goals. Like most companies with compliance programs, we occasionally discover compliance concerns.
In such cases, we take responsive action including corrective measures when necessary. There can be no assurance that our responsive
actions will insulate us from liability associated with any detected compliance concerns. If our past or present operations are found to
be in violation of any of the laws, regulations, rules or policies described above or the other laws or regulations to which we
or our customers are subject, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from federal or state
health care programs, or the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Similarly, if our customers are found to be non-compliant
with applicable laws, they may be subject to sanctions, which could have a negative impact on us. If we are excluded from federal
or state health care programs, our customers who participate in those programs could not do business with us. Any penalties, damages,
fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations would adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial
results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur
significant legal expenses, divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business, and damage our reputation. All laws and regulations, including those specifically
applicable to the Company, are subject to change. The Company cannot predict what effect changes in laws and regulations might
have on its business. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements could have material adverse effect on
the Company’s business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. Further, sales of medical devices outside the country
may be subject to foreign regulatory requirements. These requirements vary widely from country to country. There is no assurance
that the time and effort required to meet those varying requirements may not adversely affect Positron’s ability to distribute
its systems in some countries. No Dividends . The Company has
never paid cash dividends on its common stock and does not intend to pay cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable
future. Evaluation of Disclosure and Controls and
Procedures. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined) in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(c) and 15d - 15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive
and financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective,
(1) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and (2) to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to us, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. The term disclosure controls and procedures means
controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a, et seq. ) is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer’s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over
financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 14 Because we are a small company with a limited number
of employees, there is an inherent issue of segregation of duties as experienced by all small companies. Our independent outside
financial consultant assists us with our bookkeeping and reporting requirements and is segregated from our operations and management. Because of inherent limitations in all control
systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, and no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the registrant have been detected. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Material weakness identified: ● The Company recognizes that due to its limited number of personnel, there are inherent challenges in achieving complete segregation of duties within the financial reporting process. Management continues to evaluate opportunities to enhance internal controls to mitigate these challenges and identifying and accounting for complex transactions. ● The Company had not documented its risk assessment or entity level controls or formalized our review level controls. We cannot assure you that the measures we have
taken to date, and actions we may take in the future, will be sufficient to remediate the control deficiencies that led to our
material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting or that they will prevent or avoid potential future material
weaknesses. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in
our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting may be discovered in
the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our annual
or interim financial statements. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal
controls over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent
registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls
and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of common stock.

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners
are subject to applicable regulatory requirements, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) Quality
System Regulation, as well as other federal, state, and international standards, including those applicable within the European
Union. Research and Development The Company conducts its research and development
activities in collaboration with its strategic partner, Neusoft Medical Systems, which provides expertise in the design, engineering,
and manufacturing of advanced medical imaging systems. This collaboration enables the Company to leverage established technical
capabilities, development infrastructure, and manufacturing resources in support of its PET and PET-CT product portfolio. The Company’s research and development efforts
are focused on the enhancement of existing systems and the development of next-generation imaging technologies designed to address
evolving clinical and operational requirements. Areas of focus include system performance, workflow efficiency, software capabilities,
and expanded clinical applications. The Company believes that its collaborative approach
to research and development supports efficient product development timelines and access to advanced technologies, positioning it
to respond to changes in clinical practice and market demand within nuclear cardiology and related imaging fields. Regulatory Testing and Evaluation. The Company’s next-generation PET-CT system,
the Affinity™, is currently undergoing required safety and performance testing in support of its U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(“FDA”) regulatory submission. This testing is being conducted in collaboration with Intertek, an internationally recognized
independent testing and certification organization. The evaluation process includes a range of assessments
designed to validate compliance with applicable regulatory and industry standards, including electrical safety, electromagnetic
compatibility, and system performance. These evaluations are intended to confirm the safety of the system for both patients and
operators, as well as its ability to function reliably within a clinical environment. Due to certain physical characteristics of the
system, including patient table configuration, portions of the testing have been conducted at the Company’s facility rather
than in a standard laboratory setting. The testing process involves simulation of both typical operating conditions and stress
scenarios to evaluate system performance under a variety of conditions. The Company has worked collaboratively with its
internal engineering and service teams, technical personnel from its strategic partner Neusoft Medical Systems, and Intertek representatives
to complete the required evaluations. The Company believes it is nearing completion of this phase of testing and continues to advance
toward its regulatory objectives. 8 Patents, Trademarks and Intellectual Property As of the date of this filing, the Company holds
trademark registrations in the United States for, among others, Positron®, Attrius® and Affinity PET-CT™. The Company seeks to protect its intellectual property
through a combination of trademark rights, trade secret protections, and contractual arrangements. The Company requires its employees,
consultants, and advisors to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements that restrict the disclosure of confidential
information and provide for the assignment to the Company of inventions, developments, and other intellectual property created
in connection with their service. The Company relies in part on trade secrets and
proprietary know-how to maintain its competitive position. These protections are intended to safeguard technical information, processes,
and other proprietary assets related to the Company’s business and technology. Despite these measures, there can be no assurance
that such protection will be adequate to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company’s intellectual property. Third
parties may seek to copy or otherwise obtain and use proprietary information, which could adversely affect the Company’s
competitive position. Product Liability and Insurance The Company is subject to risks associated with
product liability and other claims that may arise from the use of its medical devices. Such claims may involve allegations of personal
injury or other adverse outcomes related to the Company’s products. The Company maintains commercial general liability
and other insurance coverage that it believes is appropriate for its operations and industry. While the Company has not experienced
any product liability claims to date, there can be no assurance that such claims will not arise in the future or that existing
insurance coverage will be sufficient to fully mitigate potential liabilities. Employees As of the date of this filing, the Company employed
10 full-time employees. None of the Company’s employees are represented by a union. Available Information Positron Corporation is required to file annual,
quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
Investors may read and copy any document that Positron Corporation files, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, at the SEC’s
Public Reference Room at 450 F Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20549. Investors may obtain information on the operation of the Public
Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC,
from which investors can electronically access Positron’s SEC filings.

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, supply chain disruptions,
                                         and competitive pricing pressures can lead to fluctuations in gross margins and profitability. Given
these uncertainties, the Company faces challenges in accurately forecasting financial performance and may experience material
risks affecting liquidity, business continuity, and long-term strategic growth. The Company continuously assesses these risks
and implements measures to mitigate their potential impact. Fair
Value of Financial Instruments The
Company accounts for financial instruments in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC 820, “Fair
Value Measurements”, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires related disclosures. Fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the Company’s principal market or, if
none exists, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. Fair
Value Hierarchy FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable inputs whenever available and establishes a three-tier hierarchy for measuring fair value: ● Level
                                         1 – Quoted market prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
                                         markets. ● Level
                                         2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets, such as quoted
                                         prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs that are directly or indirectly observable. F- 14 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 ● Level
                                         3 – Unobservable inputs that require significant judgment, including management
                                         assumptions and estimates based on available market data. The
classification of an asset or liability within the hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement. Level 3 valuations generally require more judgment and complexity, often involving a combination of cost,
market, or income approaches, as well as assumptions about market conditions, pricing, and other factors. Fair
Value Determination The
Company assesses the fair value of its financial instruments and, where appropriate, may engage external valuation specialists
to assist in determining fair value. While management believes that recorded fair values are reasonable, they may not necessarily
reflect net realizable values or future fair values. Financial
Instruments Carried at Historical Cost The
Company’s financial instruments—including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued
expenses (including related party balances)—are recorded at historical cost. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively,
the carrying amounts of these instruments approximated their fair values due to their short-term maturities. Cash
and Cash Equivalents and Concentration of Credit Risk For
purposes of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
months or less from the date of purchase, including money market accounts and short-term certificates of deposit, to be cash equivalents. At
December 31, 2025, the Company’s cash equivalents consisted of a money market account. At December 31, 2024, the Company did not hold any cash equivalents. The
Company is exposed to credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents in the event of default by the financial institutions to the
extent account balances exceed the amount insured by the FDIC, which is $ 250,000 . At
December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had cash in excess of the insured FDIC limit of $2,272,502 and $0, respectively. From
time to time the Company has amounts that exceed the FDIC insured amount but does not expect any non-performance. F- 15 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Accounts
Receivable The
Company accounts for accounts receivable in accordance with FASB ASC 326, “Financial Instruments – Credit Losses.
Receivables are recorded at their net realizable value, which represents the amount management expects to collect from outstanding
customer balances. The
Company extends credit to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. The Company does not
require collateral, and interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable. Allowance
for Expected Credit Losses The
Company has elected the practical expedient in Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2025-05 for its current (short-term) accounts
receivable. Under this practical expedient, the Company assumes that current economic conditions as of the balance sheet date
will not change over the remaining life of these receivables when estimating expected credit losses. Management
periodically assesses the collectability of accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for expected credit losses as needed.
The allowance is determined based on: ● A
                                         review of outstanding accounts, ● Historical
                                         collection experience, and ● Current
                                         economic conditions. Accounts
deemed uncollectible are written off against the allowance when determined to be uncollectible. Allowance
for expected credit losses was $ 0 at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Inventory Inventory
consists of scanning equipment and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value (“LCNRV”) using the first-in,
first-out (“FIFO”) method. Management
assesses the recoverability of inventory each reporting period and records write-downs to net realizable value when the carrying
value exceeds estimated proceeds from sale, less costs to complete and sell. Factors
considered in this assessment include: ● Market
                                         conditions; ● Net
                                         realizable value based on estimated selling price and selling costs; and ● Inventory
                                         turnover trends. F- 16 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 During
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded an inventory write-down of $ 576,862 (included in cost of sales) to reduce
the carrying value of its scanning equipment to net realizable value. Net realizable value was determined considering estimated
selling prices and costs to complete and sell equipment. Equipment
sold under installment payment arrangements is delivered upon receipt of the full contract price; consideration received prior
to delivery is recorded as deferred revenue (see below). No
write-downs were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2024. At
December 31, 2025 and 2024, inventory was as follows: Schedule
Of Inventory Classification December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Finished systems $ 1,256,862 $ 1,256,862 Less: writedown of inventory to net realizable value ( 576,862 ) - Total Inventory $ 680,000 $ 1,256,862 Deposits The
Company has deposits on hand with a third-party manufacturer related to the purchase of equipment. As of December
31, 2025 and 2024 , deposits were as follows: Schedule
of Deposits Balance - December 31, 2023 $ 275,000 Advances 100,000 Balance - December 31, 2024 375,000 No activity - Balance - December 31, 2025 $ 375,000 In
2022, the Company made an initial deposit of $ 1,000,000 , which was subsequently used to purchase inventory during the same year.
As part of this transaction, the Company was required to pay a Non-Recurring Engineering (NRE) Fee of $ 700,000 to the manufacturer
for research, development, and technology transfer services. Of this amount, $ 210,000 was paid in 2022. The
Company has not yet received FDA clearance for its PET-CT system, however, the balance of $ 490,000 was paid in 2025 and is included
as a component of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. F- 17 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 If
the equipment fails validation or FDA approval, the Company has the contractual right to return the equipment and receive a refund
of the $ 1,000,000 purchase price, less any applicable shipping and handling costs. Additionally,
the manufacturer has agreed to provide a one-year warranty on the equipment and related software, commencing upon the closing
of the equipment purchase. Concentrations The
Company evaluates and discloses significant concentrations of risk in accordance with FASB ASC 275-10, “Risks and Uncertainties” .
These risks may arise from customer concentrations, vendor reliance, geographic dependence, or other economic factors that could
materially impact the Company’s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. A
concentration exists when a single customer, supplier, or market accounts for a significant portion (typically greater than 10%)
of the Company’s total revenues, accounts receivable, or vendor purchases For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, the Company has no such concentrations. Property
and Equipment Property
and equipment are recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, in accordance with FASB ASC 360, “Property, Plant,
and Equipment.” Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Repairs
and maintenance expenditures that do not materially extend the useful life of an asset are expensed as incurred. Significant improvements
or upgrades that increase the asset’s productivity, efficiency, or useful life are capitalized. Upon
disposal or sale of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any
resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. The
Company evaluates the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset
may be impaired. If impairment indicators exist, the Company assesses recoverability based on the undiscounted future cash flows
expected from the use and disposition of the asset. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated recoverable amount, an impairment
loss is recognized. F- 18 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Financial
Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity The
Company evaluates equity or liability classification for freestanding financial instruments, including convertible preferred stock,
warrants, and options, pursuant to the guidance under FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (“ASC 480” ). The Company classifies as liabilities all freestanding financial instruments that are (i) mandatorily redeemable,
(ii) represent an obligation to repurchase the Company’s equity shares by transferring assets, or (iii) represent an unconditional
obligation (or conditional obligation if the financial instrument is not an outstanding share) to issue a variable number
of shares predominantly based on a fixed monetary amount, variations in something other than the fair value of the Company’s
equity shares, or variations inversely related to changes in fair value of the Company’s equity shares. If
a freestanding financial instrument does not represent an outstanding equity share and does not meet liability classification
under ASC 480, the Company then assesses whether the freestanding financial instrument is indexed to its own stock and
meets equity classification pursuant to FASB ASC 815 - 40, “Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity” (“ASC 815” ). The
Company further assesses whether the freestanding financial instruments should be classified as temporary equity. Freestanding
financial instruments that are redeemable for cash or other assets at a fixed or determinable date, at the option of the holder,
or upon the occurrence of an event are classified in temporary equity in accordance with FASB ASC 480. Otherwise, the freestanding
financial instruments are classified in permanent equity. Conversion
and Extinguishment of Derivative Liabilities When
a debt instrument with an embedded conversion option (e.g., convertible debt or warrants) is converted into shares of common stock
or repaid, the Company: ● Records
                                         the newly issued shares at fair value; ● Derecognizes
                                         all related debt, derivative liabilities, and unamortized debt discounts; and ● Recognizes
                                         a gain or loss on debt extinguishment, if applicable. For
equity-based derivative liabilities (e.g., warrants) that are extinguished, any remaining liability balance is reclassified to
additional paid-in capital. Original
Issue Discounts and Other Debt Discounts The
Company accounts for original issue discounts (OID) and other debt discounts in accordance with FASB ASC 835-30, “Interest—Imputation
of Interest” . These discounts are recorded as a reduction of the carrying amount of the related debt and are amortized
to interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective interest method, unless the straight-line method is materially
similar. F- 19 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Original
Issue Discounts (OID) For
certain notes issued, the Company may provide the debt holder with an original issue discount (OID), which is recorded as a debt
discount, reducing the face value of the note. The discount is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt in the
Statements of Operations. Stock
and Other Equity Issued with Debt The
Company may issue common stock or other equity instruments in connection with debt issuance. When stock is issued, it is recorded
at relative fair value and treated as a debt discount, reducing the carrying amount of the note. These discounts are amortized
to interest expense over the life of the debt. The
combined debt discounts, including OID and stock-related discounts, cannot exceed the face amount of the debt. Debt
Issuance Costs Debt
issuance costs, including fees paid to lenders or third parties, are capitalized as a debt discount and amortized to interest
expense over the life of the debt. These costs are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability
rather than as a separate asset. Warranties
and Maintenance Contracts Product
Warranties The
Company provides an assurance-type warranty on its products covering defects in design, materials, and workmanship for a period
of one year from customer acceptance. Assurance-type warranties do not represent a separate performance obligation under ASC 606;
rather, the estimated cost of fulfilling the warranty obligation is accrued at the time of product delivery in accordance with
ASC 460-10-25-5 and ASC 450-20-25, when the obligation is probable and reasonably estimable. F- 20 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 The
warranty provision is based on historical trends in defect nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each product line.
These estimates are reassessed each reporting period using the best available information, and adjustments are made as necessary. Historically,
the Company has incurred insignificant warranty-related costs. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, no warranty liability was recorded,
as the estimated obligation was deemed immaterial. Certain
components used in the Company’s products are covered under supplier-provided limited warranties, which include replacement
and service coverage for parts. The Company does not have direct responsibility for these supplier warranties. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company is not aware of any pending or asserted claims related to product warranty obligations. Maintenance
Contracts The
Company separately offers post-delivery maintenance contracts to customers. Maintenance contracts are distinct from the Company’s
assurance-type product warranty and represent separate performance obligations under ASC 606. Revenue attributable to maintenance
contracts is deferred at contract inception and recognized ratably over the maintenance period as the related services are performed.
At December 31, 2025 and 2024, no maintenance contract revenue was deferred. Treasury
Stock The
Company accounts for treasury stock transactions under the cost method in accordance with FASB ASC 505-30, “Treasury
Stock”. Under this method, when the Company repurchases its own shares, the full acquisition cost is recorded as a reduction
to stockholders’ equity under the treasury stock account. These shares remain issued but are not considered outstanding
and do not participate in dividends or earnings per share calculations. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, the Company had 750 shares of treasury stock recorded at an aggregate cost of $ 375 . Right
of Use Assets and Lease Obligations The
Company accounts for right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities in accordance with FASB ASC 842, “Leases”. These amounts reflect the present value of the Company’s estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term,
including any reasonably certain renewal options, discounted using a collateralized incremental borrowing rate. F- 21 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 The
Company classifies its leases as either operating or finance leases. The Company’s leases primarily consist of operating
leases, which are included as Right-of-Use Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities on the balance sheet. Short-Term
Leases The
Company has elected the short-term lease exemption, whereby leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance
sheet. Instead, lease payments are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease
Term and Renewal Options In
determining the lease term, the Company evaluates whether renewal options are reasonably certain to be exercised. Factors considered
include: ● The
                                         useful life of leasehold improvements relative to the lease term, ● The
                                         economic performance of the business at the leased location, ● The
                                         comparative cost of renewal rates versus market rates, and ● The
                                         presence of any significant economic penalties for non-renewal. If
a renewal option is deemed reasonably certain to be exercised, the ROU asset and lease liability reflect those additional future
lease payments. The Company’s operating leases contain renewal options with no residual value guarantees. Currently, management
does not expect to exercise any renewal options, which are therefore excluded in the measurement of lease obligations. Discount
Rate and Lease Liability Measurement Since
the implicit rate in the leases is not readily determinable, the Company applies an incremental borrowing rate that represents
the rate it would incur to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term and currency environment. Lease
Impairment The
Company evaluates ROU assets for impairment indicators whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest the carrying amount
may not be recoverable. See
Note 6 for further discussion on lease cancellation during the year December 31, 2025. F- 22 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Revenue
Recognition The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Revenue is recognized when or as
control of promised goods or services is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company applies the following five-step model: (i)
identify the contract with a customer; (ii)
identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii)
determine the transaction price; (iv)
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v)
recognize revenue when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied. Nature
of Services and Performance Obligations The Company generates revenue primarily
from clinical, technical, and maintenance service contracts that provide customers with ongoing product support and from equipment
sales. These contracts are generally one-year agreements that automatically renew for successive one-year periods unless terminated
by either party with at least 90 days’ notice. The Company considers only the noncancelable initial term and any renewal
periods for which the customer has a material right when determining the contract term and performance obligations. Each
maintenance contract represents a single distinct performance obligation. The various service elements - including priority response,
24/7 clinical and technical support, parts and labor, preventative maintenance, software upgrades, uptime guarantees, remote diagnostic
capabilities, daily quality assurance inspections, and applications training - are highly integrated and interdependent. They
are not separately identifiable from one another and are accounted for as a single stand-ready performance obligation that is
satisfied continuously over the contract term. Significant
Judgments In
applying ASC 606, the Company makes the following significant judgments that affect the timing and amount of revenue recognized: (i)
the Company concluded that all services under each maintenance contract constitute a single performance obligation because they
are highly interrelated and provide a combined integrated service to the customer; (ii)
for maintenance contracts, the Company uses a time-based, straight-line output method to measure progress, which it has determined
faithfully depicts the Company’s performance as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services;
and F- 23 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 (iii)
for equipment sales, the Company applies judgment in assessing when control transfers to the customer. No
changes to these judgments have occurred during the periods presented. Transaction
Price and Allocation The
transaction price is the fixed fee stated in each contract. The Company does not offer refunds, rebates, discounts, or variable
pricing incentives. Maintenance contract fees are typically billed monthly in advance with payment due within 30 days. As permitted
by the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-32-18, the Company does not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a significant
financing component when the period between transfer of control of the good or service and customer payment is one year or less.
Because each contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to that obligation. Revenue
Recognition – Timing The
Company recognizes revenue either over time or at a point in time depending on the nature of the performance obligation. Maintenance
contract revenue is recognized over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services as
they are provided. Revenue is recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the contract term. Amounts received in advance
of services being provided are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue as the related performance obligations are
satisfied. Equipment sale revenue is recognized at
a point in time when control of the equipment transfers to the customer, which occurs upon physical delivery and acceptance of
the equipment and where collection is probable. In years December 31, 2025 and 2024, no equipment sale revenue had been recognized,
as the conditions for transfer of control had not yet been met. Principal
vs. Agent Considerations The
Company has determined that it acts as a principal in all revenue transactions. The Company controls the services prior to transfer
to the customer, is responsible for fulfilling all contractual obligations including uptime guarantees, bears the risk of performance,
and has discretion in establishing contract pricing. Accordingly, revenue is recognized on a gross basis. F- 24 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Contract
Balances and Remaining Performance Obligations The Company’s contract liabilities
consist of deferred revenue related to maintenance contracts billed in advance and customer deposits on pending equipment sales.
These amounts are presented as deferred revenue on the accompanying balance sheets. There were no contract assets as of December
31, 2025 or 2024. The
Company has elected the practical expedient under ASC 606-10-50-14 not to disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price
allocated to remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less. Disaggregation
of Revenue The
following table presents the Company’s revenues disaggregated by type for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Schedule of  Company’s revenues disaggregated Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Revenue Type Revenue % of Revenues Revenue % of Revenues Maintenance contracts $ 461,452 100 % $ 587,500 100 % Equipment sales - 0 % - 0 % Total Revenues $ 461,452 100 % $ 587,500 100 % All
revenue recognized in both periods was derived from maintenance service contracts. No equipment sale revenue has been recognized
in either period, as transfer of control of the equipment to the customer had not yet occurred as of each respective balance sheet
date. Deferred
Revenue (Contract Liabilities) Deferred
revenue represents consideration received from customers prior to the satisfaction of the related performance obligation. F- 25 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 At
December 31, 2025 and 2024, deferred revenue consisted of the following: Schedule
of deferred revenue Type December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Customer deposit - equipment sale $ 70,000 $ 50,000 Customer deposit - other 50,000 - Maintenance contracts billed in advance - 16,330 Total deferred revenue $ 120,000 $ 66,330 Equipment
sale deposits represent cumulative installment payments received from customers under executed purchase agreements for medical
scanning equipment. Title and physical possession of the equipment will transfer to each customer upon receipt of the full contract
price. As of December 31, 2025, cumulative payments received totaled $ 70,000 . Revenue will be recognized upon transfer of control
of the equipment to customers. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, additional installment payments of $ 140,000 were received. The
$ 50,000 deposit balance at December 31, 2025 represents a payment received from a separate customer. Subsequent to December 31,
2025, this deposit was refunded in full. Maintenance
contract amounts billed in advance represent consideration received from customers prior to the applicable service period. These
amounts are recognized as revenue ratably over the service period as performance obligations are satisfied. At
December 31, 2024, $ 16,330 of maintenance contract consideration remained deferred. All such amounts were fully recognized as
revenue during the year ended December 31, 2025. Cost
of Sales Cost
of sales consists of direct expenses incurred in the delivery of services related to the Company’s maintenance contracts.
These costs are recognized as incurred and are directly attributable to fulfilling service obligations under customer agreements. The
primary components of cost of sales include: ● Salaries
                                         and Wages – Compensation, payroll taxes, and employee benefits associated with
                                         the Company’s service technicians and clinical support staff. ● Job-Related
                                         Materials and Supplies – Expenses for parts, tools, software upgrades, and consumable
                                         materials required to perform maintenance and repairs. All
costs included in cost of sales are directly related to the provision of contracted maintenance services and align with revenue
recognition principles under FASB ASC 606. For
the year ended December 31, 2025, see above regarding inventory write-down to net realizable value, which has been included as
a component of cost of sales. F- 26 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 The
Company continually evaluates its cost structure to optimize service delivery while maintaining contractual uptime guarantees
and quality assurance standards. Income
Taxes The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method prescribed by FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes” .
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of differences between the
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These amounts are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
in the periods when temporary differences reverse. The
effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax balances is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment
date. Uncertain
Tax Positions The
Company evaluates uncertain tax positions which requires that a tax position be recognized in the financial statements only if
it is more likely than not (greater than 50% likelihood) to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had no uncertain tax positions that qualified for recognition or disclosure in the
financial statements. The
Company also recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in other expense in the Statement of Operations.
No interest and penalties were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Valuation
of Deferred Tax Assets The
Company’s deferred tax assets include certain future tax benefits, such as net operating losses (NOLs), tax credits, and
deductible temporary differences. A valuation allowance is required if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
Company reviews the realizability of deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if circumstances warrant, considering
both positive and negative evidence. F- 27 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Considered
in Valuation Allowance Assessment The
Company evaluates multiple factors in determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary, including: ● Historical
                                         earnings trends (cumulative pre-tax income or losses in the most recent three-year period) ● Future
                                         financial projections, including expected taxable income based on long-term estimates
                                         of business performance and market conditions ● Statutory
                                         carryforward periods for net operating losses and other deferred tax assets ● Prudent
                                         and feasible tax planning strategies that could impact the realization of deferred tax
                                         assets ● Nature
                                         and predictability of temporary differences and the timing of their reversal ● Sensitivity
                                         of financial forecasts to external factors such as commodity prices, market demand, and
                                         operational risks While
cumulative three-year losses are a strong indicator that a valuation allowance may be needed, a valuation allowance determination
is not solely based on past losses—all available positive and negative evidence must be considered. Valuation
Allowance Determination At
December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, resulting in a net
carrying amount of $0. This determination was based on cumulative losses in recent years and the lack of sufficient positive evidence
to support the realization of deferred tax assets in the near term. The
Company will continue to evaluate its valuation allowance each reporting period and will recognize deferred tax assets in the
future if sufficient positive evidence emerges to support their realization. Advertising
Costs Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. These costs are recognized as operating expenses in the period in which they are incurred and
are classified within general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The
Company does not capitalize direct-response advertising costs, as they do not meet the criteria for deferral. The
Company recognized marketing and advertising costs as follows: Schedule of marketing and advertising costs Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 $ 236,514 $ 125,726 F- 28 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Stock-Based
Compensation The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation . Compensation
cost is measured at the grant-date fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period (generally the
vesting period) on a straight-line basis. The
guidance applies to share-based payment awards granted to both employees and non-employees. Pursuant to ASU 2018-07, Improvements
to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting , awards granted to non-employees are accounted for in substantially the same
manner as awards granted to employees, with fair value determined on the grant date. The
Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The model incorporates
the following key assumptions: ● Expected
                                         dividend yield - Based on the Company’s anticipated dividend policy over the expected
                                         life of the option (generally assumed to be zero, as the Company does not currently pay
                                         dividends). ● Expected
                                         volatility - Based on the historical volatility of the Company. ● Risk-free
                                         interest rate - Based on the yield on U.S. Treasury securities with maturities approximating
                                         the expected term of the option. ● Expected
                                         term - Estimated based on historical exercise behavior, contractual terms, and the simplified
                                         method (average of contractual term and vesting period) where appropriate. The
Company has elected the practical expedient under ASU 2016-09 to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than estimating
them in advance. This election is applied consistently to all stock-based awards. Stock-based
compensation expense is classified in the statements of operations as a component of general and administrative expenses. In
addition, the Company applies the provisions of ASU 2016-09 related to the recognition of all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies
in income tax expense in the period in which they occur and the classification of cash paid for tax withholdings on behalf of
employees as financing activities in the statement of cash flows. Stock
Warrants In
connection with certain financing transactions (debt or equity), consulting arrangements, or strategic partnerships, the Company
may issue warrants to purchase shares of its common stock. Warrants that do not meet liability classification under ASC 480, “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity”, are evaluated under ASC 815-40, “Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity”. The Company’s
outstanding warrants are not puttable or mandatorily redeemable, do not require net cash settlement, and are indexed to the Company’s
own common stock. Accordingly, they are classified as equity instruments in additional paid-in capital. F- 29 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 The
fair value of warrants issued for compensation purposes is measured using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Accounting
Treatment of Warrants ● Warrants
                                         issued in conjunction with common stock issuance are initially recorded at fair value
                                         as a reduction in Additional Paid-In Capital (APIC). ● Warrants
                                         issued for services are recorded at fair value and expensed over the requisite service
                                         period or immediately upon issuance if no service period exists. ● Warrants
                                         classified as liabilities due to settlement features or pricing adjustments are remeasured
                                         at fair value each reporting period, with changes recognized in earnings. Basic
and Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Share The
Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260, “ Earnings Per Share .” Basic net loss per share
is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. During
all periods presented, the Company reported a net loss. Accordingly, all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents were excluded
from the computation of diluted net loss per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted
net loss per share is equal to basic net loss per share for all periods presented. The
following potentially dilutive equity securities outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows: Schedule of potentially dilutive equity securities outstanding December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Stock Options 5,150,000 - Warrants 2,100,000 1,600,000 Series A, convertible preferred stock - 1,088 Series B, convertible preferred stock - 48,000 Total common stock equivalents 7,250,000 1,649,088 Based
on the potential common stock equivalents noted above at December 31, 2025, the Company has sufficient authorized shares of common
stock (100,000,000) to settle any potential exercises of common stock equivalents. F- 30 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Preferred
Stock Classification The
Company applies the guidance outlined in ASC 480, “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity”, in determining
the appropriate classification and measurement of preferred stock. Under FASB ASC 480-10-25-4, financial instruments that embody
an obligation to repurchase equity shares or require mandatory redemption at a fixed or determinable date must be classified as
a liability and measured at fair value. Preferred
shares that are conditionally redeemable - including those redeemable at the option of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of events outside the issuer’s control - are classified as temporary equity in accordance with FASB ASC 480-10-S99-3A.
Conversely, preferred shares that are not mandatorily redeemable and whose redemption rights are within the issuer’s control
are appropriately classified as a component of stockholders’ deficit. The
Company’s Series A and Series B Preferred Stock contain conditional redemption rights, but these rights are exercisable
solely at the option of the Company. Because the redemption provisions are within the Company’s exclusive control, the preferred
shares do not meet the criteria for liability classification under FASB ASC 480-10-25-7. Furthermore, the shares do not meet the
temporary equity classification criteria under FASB ASC 480-10-S99-3A since redemption is not outside of the Company’s control. Accordingly,
unless otherwise noted, the Company presents all issuances of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock as a component of stockholders’
equity in the financial statements. As
of December 31, 2025, all outstanding shares of both Series A and B, convertible preferred stock had been converted to common
stock. Related
Parties The
Company defines related parties in accordance with FASB ASC 850, “Related Party Disclosures,” and SEC Regulation
S-X, Rule 4-08(k). Related parties include entities and individuals that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with the Company. Related
parties include, but are not limited to: ● Principal
                                         owners of the Company. ● Members
                                         of management (including directors, executive officers, and key employees). ● Immediate
                                         family members of principal owners and members of management. F- 31 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 ● Entities
                                         affiliated with principal owners or management through direct or indirect ownership. ● Entities
                                         with which the Company has significant transactions, where one party has the ability
                                         to exercise control or significant influence over the management or operating policies
                                         of the other. A
party is considered related if it has the ability to control or significantly influence the management or operating policies of
the Company in a manner that could prevent either party from fully pursuing its own separate economic interests. The
Company discloses all material related party transactions, including: ● The
                                         nature of the relationship between the parties. ● A
                                         description of the transaction(s), including terms and amounts involved. ● Any
                                         amounts due to or from related parties as of the reporting date. ● Any
                                         other elements necessary for a clear understanding of the transactions’ effects
                                         on the financial statements. Disclosures
are made in accordance with FASB ASC 850-10-50-1 through 50-6 and SEC Regulation S-X, Rule 4-08(k), which requires registrants
to disclose material related party transactions and their effects on the financial position and results of operations. See
Note 5 for related party debt. Recent
Accounting Standards Recently
Adopted Accounting Standards FASB
ASU 2023-07 – Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, which enhances reportable segment disclosure requirements by: ● Requiring
disclosure of significant segment expenses regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”). ● Requiring
disclosure of the title and position of the CODM. ● Extending
certain annual disclosures to interim periods. ● Clarifying
that single reportable segment entities must apply ASC 280 in its entirety. This
ASU was effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2024,
with retrospective application required. F- 32 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 The
Company adopted ASU 2023-07 effective January 1, 2025, for interim reporting, and for its annual reporting period ended December
31, 2024. The adoption resulted in enhanced segment disclosures but did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows. FASB
ASU 2023-09 – Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, which enhances income tax disclosure requirements by: ● Standardizing
and disaggregating rate reconciliation categories. ● Requiring
disclosure of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. This
ASU was effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, and may be applied on a prospective or retrospective basis. The
Company adopted ASU 2023-09 effective January 1, 2025. The adoption resulted in enhanced income tax disclosures but did not have
a material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. FASB
ASU 2025-05 – Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable
and Contract Assets In
July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets . The ASU provides a practical expedient that permits entities to assume that current
economic conditions as of the balance sheet date will remain unchanged over the remaining life of current (short-term) accounts
receivable and current contract assets arising from transactions accounted for under ASC 606. The
Company early adopted ASU 2025-05 effective January 1, 2025 and elected the practical expedient. The amendments were applied prospectively.
The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. F- 33 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Recently
Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted FASB
ASU 2024-03 / ASU 2025-01 – Income Statement (Topic 220): Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation
Disclosures In
November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses , which requires public business
entities to disclose, in annual and interim reporting periods, disaggregated information about certain income statement expense
line items in a tabular format, along with a qualitative reconciliation to the captions on the face of the financial statements.
In January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-01 to clarify that the effective date for non-calendar year-end entities requires initial
adoption in an annual reporting period, not an interim period. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted and may be applied
on either a prospective or retrospective basis. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of ASU 2024-03/2025-01
on its financial statement disclosures. FASB
ASU 2024-04 – Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20): Induced Conversions of Convertible Debt Instruments In
November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-04, which clarifies the requirements for determining whether certain settlements of convertible
debt instruments should be accounted for as an induced conversion. ASU 2024-04 is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2025, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted for all entities
that have adopted the amendments in ASU 2020-06. Adoption may be applied on a prospective or retrospective basis. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2024-04 may have on its financial statement presentation and disclosures. Other
Accounting Standards Updates The
Company has evaluated all other recently issued accounting standards not yet effective and has determined that the adoption of
such standards is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements or disclosures. The
FASB has issued various technical corrections and industry-specific updates that are not expected to have a material impact on
the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. F- 34 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Note
3 – Property and Equipment Property
and equipment consisted of the following: Schedule of property and equipment December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Estimated Useful Lives (Years) Equipment $ 227,856 $ 128,830 5 Accumulated depreciation ( 122,104 ) ( 94,727 ) Total property and equipment - net $ 105,752 $ 34,103 Depreciation
Expense Schedule of depreciation expense Years Ended December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 $ 27,377 $ 22,055 Note
4 – Convertible Advance Payable The
Company’s advances payable are as follows: Schedule of convertible advance payable Terms Convertible Advance Payable Issuance date of advances Prior to 2018 Maturity date Due on Demand Interest rate 0 % Collateral Unsecured Conversion feature 45% discount to market price Balance - December 31, 2023 $ 563,000 No activity in 2024 - Balance - December 31, 2024 563,000 No activity in 2025 - Balance - December 31, 2025 $ 563,000 The
Company has a $ 310,000 advance payable to a former Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The advance was originally issued with
no formal terms. Pursuant to a prior settlement, the creditor holds the option of repayment in either cash or shares
of the Company’s common stock, at a 45 % discount to the current market price of the common stock. The
Company has accounted for the advance payable under FASB ASC 480-10-25-14, given the obligation to issue a variable number of shares
based solely or predominately on a fixed monetary amount, and recorded the liability at its fixed monetary amount of
$ 563,000 representing the holder’s discount to
market on its common shares expected upon settlement. F- 35 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 Note
5 – Debt Note
Payable – Related Party and Warrants Issued as Debt Discount Note
#2 In
April 2023, the Company executed a one (1) year note with a shareholder and board director for $ 500,000 . The note bears interest
at 8 % with a default interest rate of 20 %. The note is secured by the net proceeds from the Company’s PET imaging devices
and service contracts. The
note principal was due 50 % at December 31, 2023 and the remaining 50 % plus any accrued unpaid interest at March 31, 2024 . In
March 2024, the Company and the lender agreed to extend the due date of the remaining note balance of $ 250,000 for an additional
six-months (6) to September 2024. During 2024, $ 100,000 had been repaid. In
September 2024, the Company and the lender agreed to extend the due date of the remaining note balance of $ 150,000 for an additional
six-months (6) to March 2025. The
remaining $ 150,000 of the note was repaid in 2025. In connection with the repayment, $ 41,414 of accrued interest was forgiven.
Because the transaction occurred with a related party (a significant stockholder and board member), the Company accounted for
the forgiveness as a capital contribution, recording the amount as an increase to additional paid-in capital rather than recognizing
a gain. F- 36 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 This
treatment is consistent with FASB ASC 470-50-40-2 which contemplates the treatment of extinguishment transactions between related
entities as capital transactions, and with FASB ASC 850-10-50-5, which requires related-party transactions to be presented and
disclosed according to their substance rather than as arm’s-length transactions. Evaluation
of Debt Modification vs. Extinguishment Under
FASB ASC 470-50-40, a modification or exchange of debt instruments must be evaluated to determine if it should be accounted for
as a debt extinguishment or as a modification of the existing debt. The Company performed the following assessments: 1.
Evaluation of Substantive Changes in Terms A
debt modification or exchange is considered a substantive change and is accounted for as an extinguishment if: ● A
                                         conversion feature that was substantive at the modification date is added or eliminated. ● The
                                         terms of the new debt are substantially different from the original debt, determined
                                         by applying the 10% cash flow test. The
Company evaluated the debt extensions and determined that: ● The
                                         extensions did not add or eliminate a conversion option that was substantive at the modification
                                         date. ● The
                                         present value of the modified debt's cash flows did not differ by 10% or more from the
                                         remaining cash flows under the original instrument. ● There
                                         was no significant change in interest rate, collateral, or repayment terms beyond the
                                         extensions. Since
these factors did not meet the criteria for substantive modification, the Company concluded that no debt extinguishment occurred
for the 2025 and 2024 modifications. Accordingly, there was no calculation of gain or loss. Warrants
Issued with Debt In
connection with the issuance of the $ 500,000 note in 2023, the Company also issued 100,000 warrants to the lender, which had a fair value
of $ 126,699 , and was recorded as a debt discount in 2023, to be amortized over the life of the note. These warrants vested immediately
on the grant date and expired on December 31, 2025 . The warrants are exercisable at $ 0.10 /share. On
December 31, 2025, the warrants were extended to a new maturity date of December 31, 2026, and there was no financial statement
impact. F- 37 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 See
Note 9. Year
Ended December 31, 2024 Note
#3 In
August 2024, the Company executed a four-month (4) note with a shareholder and board director for $ 100,000 . The note bears interest
at 0 % with a default interest rate of 20 %. The note was secured by the net proceeds from the Company’s PET imaging devices
and service contracts. For
the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded imputed interest expense ( 8 %) on this note of $ 1,600 and increased additional
paid-in capital. This
note was repaid in full in March 2025. Year
Ended December 31, 2025 Note
#4 In
February 2025, the Company executed a note with a shareholder and board director for $ 100,000 . The note was non-interest bearing
and unsecured. The note was required to be repaid within one-month. The $ 100,000 advance was repaid in full during 2025. For the
year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded imputed interest expense ( 8 %) on this note of $ 1,337 and increased additional
paid-in capital. F- 38 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 The
following is a summary of the notes payable – related party for the period ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Schedule of notes payable to related party Terms Note
    Payable #1 Related Party Note
    Payable #2 Related Party Note
    Payable #3 Related Party Note
    Payable #4 Related Party Issuance dates of notes August 2022 April 2023 August 2024 February 2025 Maturity date June 2026 March 2025 December 2024 March 2025 Interest rate 10 % 8 % 0 % 0 % Imputed interest rate N/A N/A 8 % 8 % Default interest rate 20 % 20 % 20 % None Collateral* PET-CT Imaging Device PET-CT Imaging Device PET-CT Imaging Device Unsecured Total Balance - December 31, 2023 1,200,000 218,325 - - 1,418,325 Proceeds from issuance of note - - 100,000 - 100,000 Repayments - ( 100,000 ) - - ( 100,000 ) Amortization of debt discount - 31,675 - - 31,675 Balance - December 31, 2024 1,200,000 150,000 100,000 - 1,450,000 Proceeds from issuance of note - - - 100,000 100,000 Repayments - ( 150,000 ) ( 100,000 ) ( 100,000 ) ( 350,000 ) Balance - December 31, 2025 $ 1,200,000 $ - $ - $ - $ 1,200,000 The debt holder for each of these notes
is a member of the Board of Directors In
March 2025, Note #1 was extended to December 31, 2025. On
February 16, 2026, Note #1 was extended to June 30, 2026. These
extensions did not meet the criteria for substantive modification, the Company concluded that no debt extinguishment occurred
for these 2025 modifications. Accordingly, there was no calculation of gain or loss. *Collateralized Equipment - Installment
Sale The Company's Note #1, which represents the only debt
outstanding with a material lender at December 31, 2025, is secured by the Company's sole imaging device carried in inventory.
The lender has authorized the sale of the collateral asset. The loan agreement requires the sale proceeds to be applied
toward the outstanding loan balance. Subsequent to December
31, 2025, the Company utilized working capital to repay $ 325,000 on Note #1. Notes
Payable Year
ended December 31, 2024 In
September 2024, the Company executed a three-month (3) note with a shareholder for working capital of $ 300,000 . The note had a
stated interest rate of 0 % with a default interest rate of 20 %. The Company imputed interest at 8 %. The note was secured by the
net proceeds from the Company’s PET imaging devices and service contracts. F- 39 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 The
following is a summary of notes payable for the year ended December 31, 2024: Schedule of notes payable to related party Terms Note Payable #1 Issuance date of note September 2024 Maturity date December 2024 Interest rate (imputed) 8 % Default interest rate 20 % Collateral PET-CT Imaging Device Balance - December 31, 2023 - Proceeds from issuance of note 300,000 Conversion to common stock ( 300,000 ) Balance - December 31, 2024 $ - For
the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded imputed interest expense on this note of $ 3,814 and increased additional
paid-in capital. This
$ 300,000 was converted into 375,000 shares of common stock in November 2024. See
Note 7. Note
6 – Commitments and Contingencies Operating
Lease The
Company accounts for leases in accordance with FASB ASC 842: Leases, which requires lessees to apply the right-of-use (ROU) model
by recognizing a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms exceeding 12 months. Lease
classification determines the pattern of expense recognition in the Statements of Operations: ● Operating
                                         leases: Recognized on a straight-line basis as lease expense over the lease term. Lease
Recognition and Measurement The
Company evaluates whether an arrangement contains a lease at inception and recognizes the lease in the financial statements upon
lease commencement (the date the underlying asset is available for use). ROU assets represent the Company’s right to use
an asset over the lease term, while lease liabilities reflect the present value of future lease payments. F- 40 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 At
lease commencement: ● ROU
                                         assets and lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of lease payments. ● The
                                         Company primarily uses its incremental borrowing rate (IBR) to determine the present
                                         value of lease payments, except when an implicit rate is readily determinable. ● The
                                         IBR is based on market data, adjusted for credit risk and lease term. Practical
Expedients and Lease Components The
Company applies certain practical expedients to simplify lease accounting: ● Lease
                                         and non-lease components are combined for classification and measurement, except for
                                         direct sales-type leases and production equipment embedded in supply agreements. ● Short-term
                                         leases (12 months or less, without purchase or renewal options) are not recorded on the
                                         balance sheet. Lease
Term and Expense Recognition ● Lease
                                         liabilities include options to extend or terminate when reasonably certain of exercise. ● Operating
                                         lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and reported
                                         under general and administrative expenses. ● Variable
                                         lease payments based on an index/rate are initially measured using the rate at lease
                                         commencement, with differences expensed as incurred. Company
Lease Commitments As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had no finance leases under FASB ASC 842. Right-of-Use
Operating Lease On
July 8, 2025, the Company executed a five-year lease for its office space, covering the period from July 8, 2025 to July 8, 2030 . See below regarding original lease and related termination of that lease. ● Lease
                                         term: 60 months (five years) ● Monthly
                                         lease payments: ○ Months
                                         1-12: $3,626 per month ○ Months
                                         13-24: $3,777 per month ○ Months
                                         25-60: $4,200 per month ● Total
                                         lease payments: $ 240,036 (excluding variable monthly operating expenses) ● Occupancy
                                         date: August 1, 2025 F- 41 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 ● Renewal
                                         option: The lease has no renewal options. ● Lease
                                         classification: The lease is evaluated under FASB ASC 842, Leases, and recorded as a
                                         right-of-use (ROU) asset and lease liability based on the present value of lease payments
                                         ($196,049) at lease commencement. ● Lease
                                         incentives/allowances – none ● Guarantee
                                         – The lease is guaranteed by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. The guarantee
                                         is unconditional and continuing, and covers the full performance of the lease obligations,
                                         including payment of rent and fulfillment of all tenant responsibilities. The
Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Right-of-Use
Operating Lease – Lease Termination On June 26, 2025, the Company
entered into an agreement to terminate its existing operating lease (originally March 17, 2022), which was originally scheduled
to expire on May 31, 2027. The last payment was made July 1, 2025. Pursuant to the agreement, the termination is effective as of
August 31, 2025. As
part of the termination agreement, the Company paid a lump-sum settlement of $ 20,000 to the lessor. This payment has been recorded
as a lease termination expense in the Statements of Operations in 2025. Upon
termination, the Company: ● Derecognized
                                         the right-of-use (ROU) asset and the corresponding lease liability related to the lease; ● Recognized
                                         any difference between the asset and liability as a gain or loss on lease termination; ● Included
                                         the $20,000 termination fee in the total expense recognized upon derecognition. Loss
on lease termination of $15,018 was calculated as follows: Schedule of loss on lease termination Right-of-Use Asset $ 28,228 Cash paid to terminate lease 20,000 Lease liability ( 33,210 ) Loss on lease termination $ 15,018 On
March 17, 2022, the Company executed a five-year lease extension for its office space, covering the period from June 1, 2022 ,
through May 31, 2027 . ● Lease
                                         term: 60 months (five years) ● Monthly
                                         lease payments: ○ Years
                                         1-3: $1,600 per month ○ Years
                                         4-5: $1,700 per month F- 42 POSITRON
CORPORATION NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2025 AND 2024 ● Total
                                         lease payments: $ 57,600 for the first three years and $ 40,800 for the last two years ● Renewal
                                         option: The Company has the option to extend the lease for an additional five years through
                                         May 31, 2032. ● Lease
                                         classification: The lease is evaluated under FASB ASC 842, Leases, and recorded as a
                                         right-of-use (ROU) asset and lease liability based on the present value of lease payments
                                         at lease commencement. ● Renewal
                                         option assessment: At lease inception, based on historical operations, the Company does
                                         not expect to exercise the renewal option and has excluded it from lease liability calculations. The
Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. F- 43 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 The tables below present information regarding
the Company’s operating lease asset and liability at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively: Schedule of operating lease asset and liability December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Assets Operating lease - right-of-use asset - non-current $ 179,711 $ 38,976 Liabilities Operating lease liability $ 184,298 $ 44,202 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 4.58 2.42 Weighted-average discount rate 8 % 8 % The components of lease expense were as follows: Schedule of operating lease expense December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Operating lease costs Amortization of right-of-use operating lease asset $ 27,086 $ 16,130 Lease liability expense in connection with obligation repayment 6,858 $ 4,194 Total operating lease costs $ 33,944 $ 20,324 Supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases was as follows: Operating cash outflows from operating lease (obligation payment) $ 31,230 $ 19,200 Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability $ 196,049 $ - F- 44 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Future
minimum lease payments required under leases that have initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year at
December 31,: Schedule of future minimum lease payments 2026 $ 44,267 2027 47,439 2028 50,400 2029 50,400 Thereafter 29,400 Total undiscounted cash flows 221,906 Less: amount representing interest 37,608 Present value of operating lease liability 184,298 Less: current portion of operating lease liability 30,612 Long-term operating lease liability $ 153,686 Contingencies – Strategic Cooperation
Agreement On January 15, 2022, the Company entered
into a strategic cooperation agreement with a supplier for the development, manufacture, and distribution of PET/CT imaging systems.
Pursuant to the agreement, the parties established transfer pricing terms for PET/CT systems that become effective only upon receipt
of U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance for the Company’s next-generation PET/CT 4D system, which is currently
undergoing testing in preparation for submission of a 510(k) amendment. All obligations under the agreement are
expressly conditioned upon obtaining FDA clearance, a future regulatory event outside the Company’s control. Following clearance,
the agreement will commence with an initial seven-year term, which may be extended for an additional three years subject to the
achievement of specified annual purchase requirements. The Company has evaluated this arrangement
under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 440, Commitments . Because all purchase obligations are conditional on FDA
clearance and therefore not unconditional, the arrangement does not satisfy the criteria for an unconditional purchase obligation
set forth in ASC 440-10-50-2. As a result, the disclosure requirements of ASC 440-10-50-4 do not apply and no disclosure of minimum
future purchase commitments is required. The Company has further evaluated the arrangement
under ASC 450, Contingencies . FDA clearance is considered possible but not probable as of the balance sheet date of December
31, 2025. Consequently, no accrual has been recorded and no specific financial exposure has been quantified. There can be no assurance
that FDA clearance will be obtained within the anticipated timeframe or at all. Contingencies
– Legal Matters The
Company may be subject to litigation claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company records litigation accruals
for legal matters which are both probable and estimable and for related legal costs as incurred. The Company does not reduce these
liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, the Company is not aware of any litigation, pending litigation, or other transactions
that require accrual or disclosure. F- 45 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Note
7 – Stockholders’ Equity The Company has four (4) classes of capital
stock: ● Common
                                         stock; ● Series
                                         A 8% Cumulative Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock; and ● Series
                                         B Convertible Preferred Stock ● Series C, D,
        E, F, G, H and S preferred stock Authorized
Capital Structure The
Company is authorized to issue 110,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$ 0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share. On
October 27, 2025, the Company filed two Certificates of Amendment with the Texas Secretary of State, each effective as of that
date. The
first amendment reduced the authorized shares of common stock from 6,000,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares, reduced the authorized
shares of preferred stock from 20,000,000 shares to 10,000,000 shares, and reduced the par value of the preferred stock from $1.00
per share to $ 0.0001 per share. The par value of the common stock was unchanged. The
second amendment restated the conversion provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock, including the anti-dilution adjustment formula,
to reflect the terms as they had been in effect since the original designation. No changes were made to the economic rights or
preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock by the second amendment. The
board of directors is authorized, without further stockholder approval, to establish and designate one or more series of preferred
stock from time to time and to fix the relative rights, preferences, limitations, and restrictions of each such series prior to
issuance. These designations may include, but are not limited to: ● Dividend
                                         rights, including payment structure, rates, and priority relative to common stock. ● Voting
                                         rights, which may be full, limited, or non-voting. ● Redemption
                                         terms, including whether shares are redeemable at the option of the Company or the holder. ● Provisions
                                         for purchase, retirement, or sinking funds to support the redemption or repurchase of
                                         shares. ● Conversion
                                         and exchange rights, detailing the terms under which preferred shares may convert into
                                         common stock or other securities. ● Liquidation
                                         preferences, establishing the priority of preferred stockholders in the event of a voluntary
                                         or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company. ● Relative
                                         rights and ranking among different series of preferred stock. F- 46 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 As
of December 31, 2025, the foregoing authorization and designation structure was in effect as described in this note. Subsequent
to December 31, 2025, the Company filed an additional Certificate of Amendment that undesignated all previously designated series
of preferred stock. See Note 11. Preferred
Stock - Series Designations As
of December 31, 2025, the Company had designated the following series of preferred stock under its authorized 10,000,000 preferred
share pool. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, all series were undesignated and the shares were returned to the authorized but unissued
preferred stock pool. See
Note 11. Series
A Preferred Stock The
Company had designated 5,450,000 shares of Series A 8% Cumulative Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock at $ 0.0001 par value
per share. The following is a summary of the material terms of the Series A Preferred Stock as set forth in the Company’s
Certificate of Formation, as amended and in effect as of December 31, 2025: ● Dividends.
                                         Holders of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends at
                                         a rate of 8 % per annum ($0.1064 per share per year), payable semi-annually on January
                                         1 and July 1 of each year. Dividends were payable in cash or, at the Company’s
                                         election, in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock valued at $1.33 per share. ● Liquidation
                                         Preference. Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, holders
                                         of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled to receive $1.33 per share plus all accumulated
                                         and unpaid dividends, prior to any distribution to holders of any other series of preferred
                                         stock or common stock. ● Conversion.
                                         Each share of Series A Preferred Stock was convertible, at the option of either the Company
                                         or the holder, at any time prior to the close of business on the fifth business day preceding
                                         any date fixed for redemption, into fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock
                                         at a conversion ratio of 1 share of common stock for every 400 shares of Series A Preferred
                                         Stock surrendered. The conversion ratio was subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock
                                         dividends, combinations, reclassifications, and below-market issuances pursuant to a
                                         broad-based weighted average anti-dilution formula as set forth in the Company’s
                                         Certificate of Formation, as amended October 27, 2025. F- 47 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 ● Redemption.
                                         The Company had the right to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part,
                                         at any time after the second anniversary of the Final Closing Date, at a redemption price
                                         of $1.46 per share plus all accumulated and unpaid dividends, provided that the common
                                         stock had closed at or above $ 2.00 per share for 20 consecutive trading days prior to
                                         the date of the redemption notice. The Company was required to provide 30 days’
                                         prior written notice of any redemption. ● Voting
                                         Rights. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock voted together with holders of common stock
                                         as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, with each holder
                                         entitled to cast one vote for each share of common stock into which such holder’s
                                         Series A Preferred Stock was then convertible. Series
B Preferred Stock The
Company had designated 9,000,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at $ 0.0001 par value per share. The following
is a summary of the material terms of the Series B Preferred Stock as set forth in the Company’s Certificate of Formation,
as amended and in effect as of December 31, 2025: ● Voting
                                         Rights. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock were entitled to 100 votes per share on all
                                         matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, voting together with holders of common stock
                                         as a single class. ● Conversion.
                                         Series B Preferred Stock was convertible into common stock at a ratio of 0.25 shares
                                         of common stock for every 1 share of Series B Preferred Stock surrendered (i.e., 1 share
                                         of common stock for every 4 shares of Series B Preferred Stock surrendered), subject
                                         to adjustment for stock splits and combinations. Preferred
Stock - Year Ended December 31, 2025 The
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock were originally issued in connection with the conversion of common stock
into preferred stock. On October 30, 2025, all 435,085 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all 192,000 shares of Series B Preferred
Stock then issued and outstanding were converted into common stock. The conversion was effected as follows: ● The
                                         435,085 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into 1,101 shares of common
                                         stock at a conversion ratio of 1 share of common stock for every 400 shares of Series
                                         A Preferred Stock, with fractional shares rounded up to the nearest whole share. ● The
                                         192,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were converted into 60,009 shares of common
                                         stock. The conversion utilized the contractual base ratio of 0.25 shares of common stock
                                         per share of Series B Preferred Stock, with a negotiated 125% conversion premium applied,
                                         resulting in an effective conversion rate of 0.3125 shares of common stock per share
                                         of Series B Preferred Stock surrendered. Fractional shares were rounded up to the nearest
                                         whole share. Both
conversions have been accounted for as reclassifications within stockholders’ equity, with the carrying amount of the converted
preferred stock reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital. No gain or loss was recognized in connection with
either conversion. F- 48 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Following
the October 30, 2025 conversions, no shares of preferred stock of any series remained issued and outstanding as of December 31,
2025. Preferred
Stock - Year Ended December 31, 2024 There
were no preferred stock transactions during the year. See
Note 11 regarding the undesignation and removal of all classes of preferred stock. Common
Stock - 100,000,000 shares authorized - $ 0.0001 par value - Voting
                                         at 1 vote per share Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Stock
Issued for Cash The
Company issued 9,333,333 shares of common stock for $ 10,000,000 ($ 1.00 - $ 1.50 /share). Of the total shares issued, 8,000,000 were
sold to a related party, who is a principal stockholder for $ 8,000,000 . Common
Stock Repurchase Agreement The
Company repurchased 4,000,000 shares of common stock from a stockholder for $ 2,500,000 ($ 0.60 - 0.75 /share). The
repurchased shares were cancelled and retired upon acquisition and are no longer considered issued or outstanding. In accordance
with FASB ASC 505-30, “Equity – Treasury Stock” , and consistent with the Company’s corporate charter
and applicable state law, the cancelled shares were returned to the status of authorized but unissued, thereby increasing the
number of shares available for future issuance. The
repurchase will be accounted for as a reduction to stockholders’ equity, with the purchase price allocated entirely to Additional
Paid-in Capital (“APIC”), as the Company had sufficient APIC available from prior issuances. No gain or loss will
be recognized in connection with this transaction. The cash outflow related to the stock repurchase will be classified as a financing
activity in the statement of cash flow. In
conjunction with the stock repurchase, the Company also issued 500,000 freestanding warrants to the selling stockholder. The warrants
have an exercise price of $ 1 and expire on December 31, 2026. The warrants were classified as equity instruments and recorded
at fair value, with a corresponding credit to APIC. As the warrants were issued as part of the consideration for the share repurchase,
their fair value was included in the total cost of the repurchase transaction, resulting in a net effect of $0 on total stockholders’
equity. F- 49 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 See
Note 9 for warrants. Stock
Issued for Services The
Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to a consultant for services rendered, having a fair value of $ 177,000 ($ 1.77 /share),
based upon the quoted closing trading price on the grant date. Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Cash The
Company issued 1,500,000 shares of common stock for $ 1,400,000 ($ 0.80 - $ 1.00 /share). Stock
Issued for Services The
Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock to a consultant for services rendered, having a fair value of $ 525,000 ($ 1.05 /share),
based upon the quoted closing trading price on the grant date. Conversion
of Note to Common Stock The
Company issued 375,000 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of a $ 300,000 note payable. There was no gain
or loss recorded on debt conversion. See
Note 5. Note
8 - Stock Option Plan In
May 2021, the Company adopted an equity incentive plan (the “Plan”). Under the Plan, the Company may grant up to 10,000,000 stock options to eligible participants. All terms for stock options granted under the Plan will be set by the Board of Directors. F- 50 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Stock
Option Grants On
November 5, 2025, the Company granted stock options to certain executives and employees to purchase an aggregate of 5,150,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $ 1.48 per share. The options have a contractual term of five
( 5 ) years and were fully vested on the grant date. Of the total grant, 1,500,000 options were granted to the Company’s Chairman
of the Board of Directors and President and 750,000 options were granted each to a member of the Board of Directors and the Company's Vice-President. The
aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2025 was $ 4,982,588 . The weighted
average grant date fair value per option was $ 0.97 . Valuation
Methodology and Assumptions The
fair value of stock options granted was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions: Schedule of fair value of stock options Exercise price $ 1.48 Expected term 2.5 years Expected volatility 115 % Expected dividends 0 % Risk free interest rate 3.63 % Stock
Option activity for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are summarized as follows: Schedule
of stock options activity Stock Options Number of Options Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding - December 31, 2024 - Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2024 - Granted 5,150,000 $ 1.48 4.85 $ 0.97 Exercised - Cancelled/Forfeited - Outstanding - December 31, 2025 5,150,000 $ 1.48 4.85 $ - Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2025 5,150,000 $ 1.48 4.85 $ - F- 51 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Compensation
Expense The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of $ 4,982,588 related to stock options for the year ended December 31, 2025,
which is included in general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. As the options were fully vested on
the grant date, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options as of December 31, 2025. There
was no stock-based compensation related to stock options for the year ended December 31, 2024. Note
9 – Warrants Warrant
activity for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are summarized as follows: Schedule of warrant activity Warrants Number of Warrants Weighted Average Exercise Price Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value Outstanding - December 31, 2023 1,350,000 $ 0.10 1.26 $ 1,984,500 Exercisable - December 31, 2023 1,350,000 $ 0.10 1.26 $ 1,984,500 Granted 250,000 $ 1.00 Exercised - Cancelled/Forfeited - Outstanding - December 31, 2024 1,600,000 $ 0.24 1.63 $ 1,231,000 Exercisable - December 31, 2024 1,600,000 $ 0.24 1.63 $ 1,231,000 Granted 500,000 $ 1.00 Exercised - Cancelled/Forfeited - Outstanding - December 31, 2025 2,100,000 $ 0.42 1.00 $ 2,622,000 Exercisable - December 31, 2025 2,100,000 $ 0.42 1.00 $ 2,622,000 In
December 2024, the Company extended the maturity dates of 1,000,000 warrants from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2026. The
value resulting from this modification was not considered material to the financial statements. In
December 2025, the Company extended the maturity dates of 600,000 warrants from December 31, 2025 to December 31, 2026. The value
resulting from this modification was not considered material to the financial statements. F- 52 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Note
10 – Income Taxes For
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, all pre-tax income (loss) was attributable to domestic operations. The
Components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were approximately as follows: Schedule of deferred tax assets and liabilities December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Deferred Tax Assets Lease liability $ 39,000 $ 9,000 Amortization of debt discount 62,000 62,000 Stock based compensation 1,051,000 - Other 161,000 22,000 Net operating loss carryforwards 12,434,000 11,727,000 Total deferred tax assets 13,747,000 11,820,000 Deferred Tax Liabilities Right-of-use asset ( 38,000 ) ( 9,000 ) Property and equipment - net ( 8,000 ) ( 7,000 ) Total deferred tax liabilities ( 46,000 ) ( 16,000 ) Less: valuation allowance 13,701,000 11,804,000 Deferred tax assets - net $ - $ - The
components of the income tax benefit and related valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was approximately
as follows: Schedule of income tax benefit and related valuation allowance December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Current Provision Federal $ - $ - State - - Total current provision - - Deferred Provision Federal ( 1,580,000 ) ( 308,000 ) State ( 317,000 ) - Valuation allowance 1,897,000 308,000 Total deferred benefit - - Income tax benefit $ - $ - F- 53 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 A
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 as compared to statutory rates
was approximately as follows: Schedule of provision for income taxes December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Federal income tax benefit - 21% $ ( 2,227,000 ) 21.00 % $ ( 500,000 ) 21.02 % State income tax - net of federal (1) - 0.00 % - 0.00 % Expiration of net operating loss carryforwards 776,000 -7.32 % 192,000 -8.07 % Subtotal ( 1,451,000 ) 13.68 % ( 308,000 ) 12.95 % Change in valuation allowance 1,451,000 -13.68 % 308,000 -12.95 % Income tax benefit $ - 0.00 % $ - 0.00 % (1) State taxes in New York made up the majority of the effect
of the state income tax category. Federal
net operating loss carry forwards at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were approximately as follows: Schedule of Federal
    and State net operating loss carry forwards December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Federal $ 50,039,000 $ 48,764,000 State 28,960,000 28,954,000 Total $ 78,999,000 $ 77,718,000 Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities and for net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards and other tax attributes, measured using enacted federal
and state income tax rates. The
Company evaluates the realizability of deferred tax assets by assessing whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Given the Company’s history of cumulative losses, a full valuation allowance
has been recorded against net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the valuation
allowance increased by approximately $ 1,897,000 . The
Company has federal NOL carryforwards of approximately $ 5,952,000 as of December 31, 2025 that do not expire. The
Company also accumulated a federal NOL carryforward of approximately $44,087,000 through December 31, 2017 and this NOL carryforward
begins to expire in 2026. F- 54 POSITRON CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 Additionally,
at December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately $ 28,960,000 of New York NOL carryforwards which begins to expire in 2035. All
such NOLs have been fully reserved through the valuation allowance. The Company is currently analyzing its NOLs to determine whether
ownership changes as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code have occurred. Any such ownership changes could limit
the utilization of NOL carryforwards. The amount of post-change taxable income that may be offset is limited annually by the “Section
382 Limitation,” generally calculated as the value of the Company immediately before the ownership change multiplied by
a long-term interest rate established monthly by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company has not yet determined whether any
such limitation applies. Aside from Section 382, there may be other restrictions or limitations of our NOLs. The
Company files corporate income tax returns in the United States. Our U.S. tax matters for 2022 through 2024 remain subject to
IRS examination. Our state tax matters for 2021 through 2024 remain subject to examination by state tax jurisdictions. Our U.S.
and state tax matters for previous years also remain subject to examination due to the remaining availability of net operating
loss carryforwards generated in those years. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had no uncertain tax positions that qualified for recognition or disclosure in the
financial statements. The Company also recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in other expense in
the Statement of Operations. No interest and penalties were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Because
of its cumulative NOL carryforward position, all prior tax years remain subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities. Note
11 – Subsequent Events Subsequent
to December 31, 2025, the Company had the following transactions: Undesignation
of All Preferred Stock Series Effective March 18, 2026, the Company filed
a Certificate of Amendment with the Texas Secretary of State undesignating all previously designated series of preferred stock.
The following series were undesignated, and all shares were returned to the authorized but unissued preferred stock pool: ● Series A - 5,450,000 shares ● Series B - 9,000,000 shares ● Series C - 840,000 shares ● Series D - 1,560,000 shares ● Series E - 1,200,000 shares ● Series F - 600,000 shares ● Series G - 3,000,000 shares ● Series H - 15,000,000 shares ● Series S - 100,000 shares In the aggregate, 36,750,000 shares previously
designated across these nine series were returned to the authorized but unissued preferred stock pool. As
of the date of this filing, the Company has no designated series of preferred stock outstanding. The board of directors retains
the authority to designate new series of preferred stock from the authorized 10,000,000 share pool at a future date without further
stockholder approval. Stock
Issued for Services The Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock to a consultant for services to be rendered, having
a fair value of $ 94,500 ($ 1.89 /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price on the grant date. F- 55

