TICKER: PRPL
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply Chain and Manufacturing In August 2024, we
initiated a restructuring plan to strategically realign our operational focus to achieve operations efficiencies that are
expected to improve profitability and provide for reinvesting in technology and marketing initiatives (the “Restructuring
Plan”). The Restructuring Plan included the permanent closure of both Utah manufacturing facilities to consolidate mattress
production in our Georgia plant. Closure of the two Utah manufacturing facilities was completed in the second quarter of 2025. Our
manufacturing facility in McDonough, Georgia provides 844,000 square feet of manufacturing and distribution space where we
manufacture our proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer cushioning used in our mattress, pillow and seat cushion products. We also have
a 198,000 square foot distribution facility in Salt Lake City, Utah, that in addition to the McDonough facility,
will assemble, package and ship our products. We continually strive to improve our manufacturing processes and create efficiencies
in production through new equipment and process designs and resources. We also manage our production labor and capacity utilization
to promote efficient use of our manufacturing facilities. We believe our McDonough factory provides ample room to accommodate our
future growth and expansion plans for the near term. We have a number of contract
manufacturers who assemble mattresses and have established a network of third-party logistics providers to help with order fulfillment
across the United States. These arrangements help to minimize delivery times and provide white glove service in addition to parcel services. We outsource and resell other
products, including adjustable bases, platform bases, sheets, mattress protectors, blankets and duvets. These products unique to Purple
are either designed in-house or in partnership. We have relationships with
multiple suppliers for our outsourced products and components. These suppliers may be interchanged in order to maintain quality, cost
and delivery expectations. 7 Environmental and Governmental Regulation We are subject to numerous
federal, state, local and foreign consumer protection, retail, environmental, health, safety, import/export, marketing, e-commerce, privacy,
and other laws and regulations applicable to the sleep product industry. As a manufacturer of mattresses and related products, we handle
regulated substances, which subject us to various environmental laws. For example, we are subject to the Toxic Substances Control Act,
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, and related state and local statutes and regulations. Our mattress products are
subject to fire-retardant standards developed by the State of California, U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and other jurisdictions
where we sell these products. We have made and will continue
to make capital and other expenditures necessary to help us comply with these laws and regulations. These expenditures have been immaterial
to our financial results. We have not suffered a material adverse effect from non-compliance with federal, state, local or foreign legislation,
but there can be no assurance that material costs or liabilities will not be incurred in connection with such legislation in the future. Research and Development Our research and development teams are focused primarily on developing
new comfort technologies and products. In 2023, we launched our three new premium mattress collections including our new line of luxury
mattresses. We have an extensive history of innovation that is core to our culture and key to our continued success. Our inventions have
culminated over years of persistent research and development. We intend to continue to develop and introduce new comfort technologies
and products. Our vertical integration is a key differentiator that enhances the effectiveness of our research and development capabilities.
By gaining real-time feedback, we can integrate these insights into our manufacturing process, digital marketing, products and equipment.
In order to facilitate further innovation and development, we have a dedicated 61,000 square foot facility located in Draper, Utah that
serves as our innovation center. Intellectual Property We rely on patent and
trademark protection laws to protect our intellectual property and maintain our competitive position in the marketplace. We hold
various domestic and foreign patents, patent applications, trademarks and trademark applications regarding certain elements of the
design, manufacturing and function of our products. We also maintain protections over proprietary trade secrets. Our intellectual
property portfolio is integral to our continued success in this industry, particularly with respect to our Hyper-Elastic Polymer
material as well as our molding processes and machines. We own or have the exclusive
right to use hundreds of granted or pending patents and hundreds of patent filings on inventions and designs pertaining to our machines,
processes, mattresses, pillows, seat cushions, packaging techniques and other related existing and future products. Our issued United
States patents that are significant to our operations are expected to expire at various dates up to 2042. 8 We have several trademarks
registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). Applications are pending for registration of additional trademarks and some
of these listed trademarks for additional classes of goods both in the United States and internationally. Our Purple, No Pressure, Gelflex,
the color purple, and Hyper-Elastic Polymer trademarks are also registered and have applications pending for various classes of goods
in numerous foreign jurisdictions, some of which include Australia, Canada, China, Europe, United Kingdom, Japan and Korea. We also have
several common law trademarks. Many of the common law marks
have registrations pending with the USPTO and other international jurisdictions. Solely for convenience, we may refer to our trademarks
in this Annual Report without the ™ or ® symbol, but such references are not intended
to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our trademarks. In addition, we maintain copyrights,
many registered, to past and present versions of purple.com, onpurple.com, equapressure.com, wondergel.com, marketing content, blogs,
logos, graphics, videos and other marketing and promotional materials promoting our products. While we may own or have the
exclusive rights in this intellectual property it is our responsibility to maintain that exclusivity through intellectual property enforcement
efforts when an infringement occurs. We continue to enforce those intellectual property rights and will continue to do so to maintain
our success in this industry. We protect and enforce our
intellectual property rights, including through litigation as necessary. Human Capital At Purple, our primary focus
is fostering the professional development of our employees through collaboration of engaged teams and helping them feel connected to Purple’s
success. We try to achieve this through maintaining a safe and high-functioning work environment that cultivates an authentic
company culture. Our people initiatives are strategically crafted to enhance the professional growth and overall satisfaction of our employees,
with the overarching goal of making Purple the best place they’ve ever worked. As of March 30, 2026, we had
approximately 1,100 employees engaged in manufacturing, research and development, general corporate functions, wholesale, e-commerce,
and Purple showrooms. In
2026, Purple’s human resources team is focusing on four pillars that drive our people strategy: (i) acquire, retain, and develop
great people; (ii) improve organizational performance; (iii) deliver competitive and meaningful pay and benefits; and (iv) celebrate our
people. Acquire, retain,
and develop great people We
attempt to strategically acquire, keep and cultivate a talented, motivated, and high-caliber workforce. We believe this
will be achieved by selectively recruiting outstanding talent, tailoring development plans for employees, implementing an
accelerated leadership development program for promising individuals, and building cross-functional career maps. 9 Improve organizational
performance We
attempt to drive efficiency, effectiveness, and business success through strategic people initiatives. We will continue to invest
in new technology to enhance communication channels and optimize our human resource information system, enabling self-service functionalities
for managers and employees. In alignment with our core values, we will place emphasis on creating shared experiences that will facilitate
genuine connections and foster strong relationships within our workforce. Deliver competitive
and meaningful pay and benefits We
attempt to provide compensation packages that are both competitive and meaningful, encompassing salary and benefits that align to market
standards. We will continue to provide relevant employee perks that connect our employees with our Company’s mission and actively
contribute to nurturing employee engagement. Celebrate our people We
attempt to continue to focus on maintaining a culture of recognition where we actively acknowledge and honor the achievements, contributions,
and milestones of our people. Through thoughtful and authentic celebration, we not only create a culture of gratitude, but we will also
foster a sense of belonging and motivation, ultimately strengthening our team cohesion and morale. Available Information Our website address is www.purple.com.
We make available, free of charge on our Investor Relations website, investors.purple.com, all of our reports filed with or furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov. We also use our Investor Relations
website, investors.purple.com, as a channel of distribution of additional Purple information that may be deemed material. Accordingly,
investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts.
The contents of our website shall not be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. Information About Our Executive Officers As of the date of this report,
our executive officers are as follows: Name Age Title Robert T. DeMartini 64 Director, Chief Executive Officer Todd E. Vogensen 57 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Eric S. Haynor 62 Chief Operating Officer Jeffrey L. Hutchings 59 Chief Innovation Officer Jeffery S. Kerby 57 Chief of Owned Retail Officer 10 Executive Officers Robert T. DeMartini has
served as Chief Executive Officer since January 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. DeMartini, served as president and chief
executive officer of USA Cycling, Inc., the official U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee governing body for all disciplines of competitive
cycling in the United States, from 2019 until 2021. He previously served as president and chief executive officer of New Balance Athletic
Shoes (U.K.) Ltd., from 2018 to 2019 and as president and chief executive officer of New Balance Athletics, Inc. from 2007 to 2018, each
a business unit of New Balance, Inc. a leading manufacturer and retailer of athletic footwear, apparel and accessories. From 1982 through
2007, Mr. DeMartini held various leadership positions with Procter & Gamble, The Gillette Company, and Tyson Foods, Inc. He also currently
serves on the board of directors of Welch’s Foods and Q30 Innovations/Q30 Sports Canada, and formerly served on the board of directors
of Advanced Functional Fabrics of America, The American Apparel & Footwear Association, and Aloha. Mr. DeMartini received a Bachelor
of Science degree in Finance from San Diego State University. Todd
E. Vogensen has served as Chief Financial Officer since October 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Vogensen served as executive
vice president and chief financial officer of Party City Holdings Inc. from February 2020 to August 2023. In January 2013, Party
City Holdings Inc. filed a voluntary petition for reorganization relief pursuant to Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Previously, Mr. Vogensen
served as executive vice president—chief financial officer at Chico’s FAS, Inc. from June 2015 to January 2020. He joined
Chico’s FAS in October 2009, and served in roles of increasing responsibility, including senior vice president – finance,
and vice president – investor relations. Previously, Mr. Vogensen served in executive finance roles at Michaels
Stores, Inc., Gap, Inc., Hewlett Packard Company and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Vogensen received a Bachelor of Science
degree in Accounting from Arizona State University. Eric S. Haynor has
served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company since June 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Haynor spent most of his career
with Ecolab, a supplier of cleaning, sanitizing and maintenance products and services for the institutional, hospitality, healthcare and
industrial markets, in a variety of end-to-end supply chain roles. From August 2019 until he joined the Company in June 2022, he served
as senior vice president, industrial supply chain at Ecolab providing strategic direction for eight industrial business units. Prior to
that, he held the role of vice president, global equipment operations and strategy from June 2015 to August 2019 at Ecolab. From August
2009 to June 2015, Mr. Haynor led Ecolab’s EMEA supply chain operations and from April 2005 to August 2009, he led Ecolab’s
Asia Pacific supply chain operations. His early career was spent in a variety of developmental supply chain roles. Mr. Haynor is a graduate
of Michigan State University and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering. Jeffrey L. Hutchings has served as the Chief Innovation Officer of the Company since May 2022. Mr. Hutchings has more than 20 years of experience in strategic
business leadership in innovation, new product introduction and quality assurance. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hutchings served
as chief product officer at Skullcandy Inc., a designer and manufacturer of performance audio and gaming headphones and other accessory
related products, from December 2018 to May 2022 and as vice president of product from June 2015 to December 2018. Prior to that, from
July 2010 to June 2015, Mr. Hutchings served in various engineering and director roles at HARMAN International. Mr. Hutchings holds a
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Engineering from the University of Utah. Jeffery S. Kerby has
served as the Chief of Owned Retail Officer of the Company since January 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kerby served as vice
president, head of stores of Sephora, a retailer of personal care and beauty products, since May 2019, responsible for leading 86 stores
throughout Canada. From March 2018 to January 2019, he served as the senior regional director of American Eagle, a specialty retailer
of clothing, accessories and personal care products, where he led American Eagle/Aerie stores in the Midwest United States and Canada
with 225 stores. Prior to joining American Eagle, Mr. Kerby was with L Brands’ LaSensa, a Canadian retailer of women’s lingerie
and apparel, from February 2017 to March 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Kerby was the vice president, head of stores/store operations for L
Brands’ Victoria’s Secret International from June 2015 to September 2016. From October 2008 to June 2015, Mr. Kerby grew from
director to associate vice president, head of stores for Bath and Body Works. Mr. Kerby holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Washington
State University’s School of Communications. 11

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and invest more in technology
and marketing. With many competitors offering a wide range of products, it may be difficult for us to differentiate through value, style,
or functionality. Additionally, our products are often heavier, and some markets may not support affordable delivery, limiting our reach. The
retail sleep product industry has low barriers to entry, allowing new or existing retailers to increase competition. This could delay
or prevent us from gaining market share and negatively impact our growth and future results of operations. The
Sleep products industry has experienced significant consolidation in recent years, including vertical integrations, with competitors acquiring
brands to expand distribution networks, leverage economies of scale to gain market share and lower prices, gain greater bargaining power
with suppliers, enhance brand recognition, advance research and development, and extend marketing and retail distribution channels. For
example, the industry leader has recently made an offer to purchase one of our important suppliers. Consolidation among retailers may
result in fewer sales channels or more restrictive terms for standalone brands. If we are unable to adapt to these industry shifts, our
growth, results of operations, and market share could be adversely impacted. Technological
changes, such as advances in artificial intelligence, may render our current technologies obsolete or require costly updates. These new
technologies may be superior to the technologies we currently use in our products and services. Adopting new technologies could be hindered
by industry standards, regulations, resistance from clients, expense, or third-party intellectual property rights. Our competitiveness
may depend on our ability to innovate and adapt to these changes and failure to keep pace may adversely affect our results of operations. 15 Timely product delivery
affects our competitiveness. Failure to maintain or enhance our delivery processes and infrastructure could negatively impact our
ability to compete. Disruptions, delays, or increased freight costs with our carriers and freight forwarders could harm sales,
increase cancellations, damage our brand, and adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. If we fail to
deliver products on time, our DTC and wholesale customers may reduce or stop future orders, and we may face late charges from
wholesale partners. Production or shipment issues that lead to lower demand could materially impact our business and results of
operations Lack of availability
and quality of raw materials, labor, components and shipping services, or increases in the cost of such inputs, have caused and may continue
to cause delays in our inability to provide goods to our customers or could increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect
our results of operations. We rely on external suppliers
for key raw materials like polyurethane foam, oil, spring units, and our Hyper-Elastic Polymer® ingredients. Any supply issues, quality
concerns, or price fluctuations could raise costs and hinder our ability to meet customer demand. Oil price increases from conflicts in
the Middle East or elsewhere could increase the cost of freight or raw materials. These issues or concerns may be magnified to the extent
we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a sole supplier. Competitive pressures may also limit our ability to pass on price increases,
potentially leading to lost sales.  Shortages of widely used components like foam and spring units, due to factors like increased
demand, weather events, or supply chain issues, could impact our production and operations. If a supplier fails to deliver, we will need
to find replacements, potentially on unfavorable terms. Any disruption in component supply could significantly interrupt production and
raise costs. Even with timely access to
raw materials, supply chain constraints, inflation, increased duties and tariffs, and other factors will increase shipping, labor, and
production costs. Rising costs for materials, transportation, and labor could impact our production efficiency, reduce gross margins,
and negatively affect our results of operations. Shipping costs and delays have in the past risen and may again in the future rise
due to regional conflicts, port closures, congestion, and shortages of containers and ships. Future disruptions, such as pandemics, geopolitical
conflicts, and increased duties and tariffs, could worsen delays and increase material costs. These issues may impact our ability to maintain
inventory, meet demand, and affect our operations. Any significant supply chain interruptions or inability to source materials at acceptable
prices could harm our business. Our information technology
systems may fail to perform adequately, may be disrupted by natural disasters or other catastrophes, or we may be unable to protect the
privacy, integrity and security of our information systems. Our operations and our revenue
rely heavily on information technology systems. Any failure in these systems could disrupt our sales and various functions, including
order processing, inventory management, and product delivery. Upgrades or improvements to our systems may require significant capital,
time, and resources, potentially causing disruptions. Difficulties with system upgrades or failures, or an inability to adapt our systems
to business changes could negatively impact our operations. Our systems may face interruptions or degradation from hardware or software
issues, cyberattacks, natural disasters, power losses, fraud, political conflicts, or other events. Some systems may lack sufficient
redundancy, and our disaster recovery planning may not cover all scenarios. They are also vulnerable to natural disasters, security breaches,
sabotage, and data theft. Any such issues could negatively impact our results of operations. We collect and store personal
information from customers and suppliers, including customer payment details. We may share this information with third parties. Cyberattacks
targeting sensitive data are a known threat, and hackers may attempt to breach our systems or those of third parties. Employees, contractors,
or business partners could also intentionally or unintentionally compromise security. Future breaches could occur if there are weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting related to information technology systems. We and third-party partners have experienced
and, in the future, may experience various cyber-attacks, including phishing, malware, and ransomware attacks. We expect continued exposure
to similar threats. Additionally, increasing use of artificial intelligence by us and our third-party partners may increase these risks.
A breach releasing sensitive data could harm our reputation, result in financial losses, and increase our security costs. Successful ransomware
attacks could disrupt our operations, and while our insurance may cover some losses, it may not be sufficient for all liabilities. We
are subject to evolving data privacy and breach laws, both at the state level (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act), the federal
level, and internationally as we expand. These laws’ rapid changes and potential inconsistencies increase compliance costs and non-compliance
risks. While we aim to comply, failure to do so could result in fines, administrative actions, and reputational damage. 16 Changes
in economic conditions, including the housing market and tariffs, have or will adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition. We
have experienced and may continue to experience volatility due to global and U.S. market conditions including the housing market, mortgage
interest rates, tariffs, and inflation. These market conditions impact demand for mattresses and related products. We have experienced
and may continue to experience a negative impact on our demand as a result of the current housing market. The impact of newly implemented
or threatened tariffs is uncertain but will increase our costs and may negatively impact the demand for our products. We may not be able
to pass along the costs of such tariffs to our customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Continued inflation may reduce consumer discretionary spending, negatively affecting demand for our products. Changes
in U.S. trade policy including the impact of tariffs are having and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. Our business and results
of operations are being and may continue to be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in U.S. trade policies, including tariffs,
trade agreements or other trade restrictions which may be imposed by the U.S. or other governments with little or no advance notice.
For example, the recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling invalidating certain IEEPA tariffs resulted in the imposition of new replacement tariffs
and created uncertainty with respect to recovering amounts paid for the invalidated tariffs. In the recent past, U.S. trade policy has
resulted in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods and may result in further retaliatory measures. Further changes to trade policy may result
in additional retaliatory measures. If we are unable to navigate further these unpredictable changes in U.S. or international trade policy,
it could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Some
of our products require materials that may be subject to these recent tariffs, especially our products requiring textiles. In addition,
some U.S manufacturers have asked the U.S. government to extend increased steel tariff protections to mattress springs.  Any imposition
of or increase in tariffs on imports of these products or components, as well as corresponding price increases for such materials available
domestically, could increase our costs. To the extent that we are unsuccessful in finding alternative suppliers that are subject to smaller
or no tariffs, negotiating sharing these costs with our suppliers, or failing to pass cost increases on to our customers, such cost increases
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Higher costs could also inhibit our ability to develop new products and
innovations. Tariffs
or other trade restrictions may lead to continuing uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and
commodity markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation, and diminished expectations for the economy, and ultimately
may reduce demand for our products. Such conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash
flows. Also, disruptions and volatility in the financial markets may lead to adverse changes in the availability, terms and cost of capital.
Such adverse changes could increase our costs of capital and limit our access to financing sources, which could in turn reduce our cash
flow and limit our ability to pursue growth opportunities. Disruption
of our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, labor, components and shipping services, or increases in the cost of such inputs, have caused and may continue
to cause delays in our inability to provide goods to our customers or could increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect
our results of operations. We rely on external suppliers
for key raw materials like polyurethane foam, oil, spring units, and our Hyper-Elastic Polymer® ingredients. Any supply issues, quality
concerns, or price fluctuations could raise costs and hinder our ability to meet customer demand. Oil price increases from conflicts in
the Middle East or elsewhere could increase the cost of freight or raw materials. These issues or concerns may be magnified to the extent
we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a sole supplier. Competitive pressures may also limit our ability to pass on price increases,
potentially leading to lost sales.  Shortages of widely used components like foam and spring units, due to factors like increased
demand, weather events, or supply chain issues, could impact our production and operations. If a supplier fails to deliver, we will need
to find replacements, potentially on unfavorable terms. Any disruption in component supply could significantly interrupt production and
raise costs. Even with timely access to
raw materials, supply chain constraints, inflation, increased duties and tariffs, and other factors will increase shipping, labor, and
production costs. Rising costs for materials, transportation, and labor could impact our production efficiency, reduce gross margins,
and negatively affect our results of operations. Shipping costs and delays have in the past risen and may again in the future rise
due to regional conflicts, port closures, congestion, and shortages of containers and ships. Future disruptions, such as pandemics, geopolitical
conflicts, and increased duties and tariffs, could worsen delays and increase material costs. These issues may impact our ability to maintain
inventory, meet demand, and affect our operations. Any significant supply chain interruptions or inability to source materials at acceptable
prices could harm our business. Our information technology
systems may fail to perform adequately, may be disrupted by natural disasters or other catastrophes, or we may be unable to protect the
privacy, integrity and security of our information systems. Our operations and our revenue
rely heavily on information technology systems. Any failure in these systems could disrupt our sales and various functions, including
order processing, inventory management, and product delivery. Upgrades or improvements to our systems may require significant capital,
time, and resources, potentially causing disruptions. Difficulties with system upgrades or failures, or an inability to adapt our systems
to business changes could negatively impact our operations. Our systems may face interruptions or degradation from hardware or software
issues, cyberattacks, natural disasters, power losses, fraud, political conflicts, or other events. Some systems may lack sufficient
redundancy, and our disaster recovery planning may not cover all scenarios. They are also vulnerable to natural disasters, security breaches,
sabotage, and data theft. Any such issues could negatively impact our results of operations. We collect and store personal
information from customers and suppliers, including customer payment details. We may share this information with third parties. Cyberattacks
targeting sensitive data are a known threat, and hackers may attempt to breach our systems or those of third parties. Employees, contractors,
or business partners could also intentionally or unintentionally compromise security. Future breaches could occur if there are weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting related to information technology systems. We and third-party partners have experienced
and, in the future, may experience various cyber-attacks, including phishing, malware, and ransomware attacks. We expect continued exposure
to similar threats. Additionally, increasing use of artificial intelligence by us and our third-party partners may increase these risks.
A breach releasing sensitive data could harm our reputation, result in financial losses, and increase our security costs. Successful ransomware
attacks could disrupt our operations, and while our insurance may cover some losses, it may not be sufficient for all liabilities. We
are subject to evolving data privacy and breach laws, both at the state level (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act), the federal
level, and internationally as we expand. These laws’ rapid changes and potential inconsistencies increase compliance costs and non-compliance
risks. While we aim to comply, failure to do so could result in fines, administrative actions, and reputational damage. 16 Changes
in economic conditions, including the housing market and tariffs, have or will adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition. We
have experienced and may continue to experience volatility due to global and U.S. market conditions including the housing market, mortgage
interest rates, tariffs, and inflation. These market conditions impact demand for mattresses and related products. We have experienced
and may continue to experience a negative impact on our demand as a result of the current housing market. The impact of newly implemented
or threatened tariffs is uncertain but will increase our costs and may negatively impact the demand for our products. We may not be able
to pass along the costs of such tariffs to our customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Continued inflation may reduce consumer discretionary spending, negatively affecting demand for our products. Changes
in U.S. trade policy including the impact of tariffs are having and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. Our business and results
of operations are being and may continue to be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in U.S. trade policies, including tariffs,
trade agreements or other trade restrictions which may be imposed by the U.S. or other governments with little or no advance notice.
For example, the recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling invalidating certain IEEPA tariffs resulted in the imposition of new replacement tariffs
and created uncertainty with respect to recovering amounts paid for the invalidated tariffs. In the recent past, U.S. trade policy has
resulted in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods and may result in further retaliatory measures. Further changes to trade policy may result
in additional retaliatory measures. If we are unable to navigate further these unpredictable changes in U.S. or international trade policy,
it could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Some
of our products require materials that may be subject to these recent tariffs, especially our products requiring textiles. In addition,
some U.S manufacturers have asked the U.S. government to extend increased steel tariff protections to mattress springs.  Any imposition
of or increase in tariffs on imports of these products or components, as well as corresponding price increases for such materials available
domestically, could increase our costs. To the extent that we are unsuccessful in finding alternative suppliers that are subject to smaller
or no tariffs, negotiating sharing these costs with our suppliers, or failing to pass cost increases on to our customers, such cost increases
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Higher costs could also inhibit our ability to develop new products and
innovations. Tariffs
or other trade restrictions may lead to continuing uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and
commodity markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation, and diminished expectations for the economy, and ultimately
may reduce demand for our products. Such conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash
flows. Also, disruptions and volatility in the financial markets may lead to adverse changes in the availability, terms and cost of capital.
Such adverse changes could increase our costs of capital and limit our access to financing sources, which could in turn reduce our cash
flow and limit our ability to pursue growth opportunities. Disruption
of our manufacturing has and could increase our costs of doing business or lead to delays in shipping and could materially adversely
affect our business, our results of operations, and our financial condition. Disruptions
to our manufacturing operations, whether from a pandemic, natural disasters, lease issues, or equipment failures, could increase costs,
delay production and shipping, and negatively impact our business, operations, and financial condition. Workplace injuries, industrial
accidents, or violence could also lead to production suspensions and delays, affecting customer satisfaction, results of operations,
financial condition including our cash flow. The consolidation of our manufacturing operations into one plant, may heighten the risk
of disruption, particularly from regional economic downturns, hurricanes, pandemics, utility shortages, or other events affecting our
Georgia plant, potentially harming our business. Future
growth and profitability may depend on our ability to improve our product line, successfully introduce new products, and effectively
and efficiently market our products to attract and retain customers. The
mattress, pillow, bedding, bed base, and cushion industries are highly competitive. Competitors may develop or acquire superior technology.
Our ability to grow market share depends on continually improving and expanding our product line and accessories. We invest significantly
in research and development to improve and expand our products. If these efforts fail to lead to meaningful improvements or consumer
acceptance, our results of operations, financial results, and reputation could suffer, potentially harming our business. A large portion
of our gross profit comes from mattress products. If we fail to develop or successfully market new models, such as those introduced in
recent years, our results of operations and business could be harmed. 17 We
rely on effective marketing messages and efficient advertising to drive consumer awareness and sales. We continually adjust our strategies,
including messaging, budget, and channels. However, we may struggle to adapt to changing consumer preferences, competition, and advertising
efficiency. We rely on internet-based advertising through media and e-commerce platforms. If these platforms become less effective,
lose users, or fail to target our audience, our advertising may lose effectiveness and adversely affect our business. Advertising costs
on social media platforms such as Meta have in the past and may in the future rise significantly, which could reduce efficiency. We
rely on relationships with media partners, search engines, social media influencers, and e-commerce platforms to drive traffic and attract
customers. If we can’t maintain or develop these relationships on favorable terms, or if our reputation suffers, our ability to
grow could be impacted. If we can’t manage these costs or generate expected sales, our business could be adversely affected. Our
growth may be impacted by the effectiveness of our online experience for targeted audiences, including advertising and search optimization.
We also need to manage consumer sentiment, prevent false information about our products, and ensure website stability. The increased presence
of direct-to-consumer internet retailers and traditional mattress and furniture retailers and manufacturers has increased competition
for search terms, driving up marketing costs. The growing number of third-party review websites gives customers many platforms to
review our products, and negative reviews can significantly impact our reputation and brand and may adversely affect our results of operations.
If we can’t manage relationships with reviewers to ensure accurate feedback, misleading reviews may harm our brand and hinder efforts
to improve it. Ineffective marketing messages, inefficient advertising, or poorly targeted programs may harm brand awareness, consumer
traffic, and our financial performance. Additionally, failure to prevent misleading information or negative sentiment on social media
could also negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our
expansion into sales channels, new products, market segments and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial,
and competitive risks. In
addition to DTC channels, we continue to expand into wholesale distribution. We cannot guarantee success with wholesale partners. We may
struggle to generate additional sales through wholesale channels, and extending credit terms to wholesale partners could expose us to
the risk of unpaid or late invoices. Providing fixtures to wholesale partners could also pose challenges in recovery or reuse. Wholesale
customers may not purchase at expected volumes, and gross profit from wholesale sales are lower than DTC. If these issues arise, they
could harm our reputation, limit growth, and negatively impact our results of operations. Operating
showrooms involves risks such as inventory shrinkage, increased expenses, lease obligations, distribution challenges, and employee management.
If we fail to operate these stores profitably or if we close unprofitable stores, it could harm our reputation, limit growth, and negatively
impact our business. Expanding into new product offerings through e-commerce, wholesale, and Purple showrooms presents challenges, including
potential service disruptions, quality issues, and customer claims. Expanding sales channels may also require new products to avoid conflicts
between channels. New products may introduce warranty and return risks. Expanding into new markets or regions could expose us to additional
regulations, leading to increased compliance and distribution costs. Our
business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating and maintaining commercial agreements, strategic alliances and other
business relationships. We
rely on commercial agreements and strategic relationships with suppliers, service providers, and wholesale partners. Disruptions in these
relationships or strategic decisions by partners could negatively affect our business. For example, (i) the industry leader has acquired
one of our wholesale partners, which could disrupt our relationship or prevent us from continuing to sell our products in favorable placements
alongside the competitor’s products or at all in the wholesale partner’s stores, (ii) the industry leader owns a manufacturing
company with which we have a manufacturing relationship, and that competitor could disrupt that relationship to harm our manufacturing
efforts, (iii) the industry leader is attempting to purchase one of our key suppliers, and (iv) the industry leader is attempting to get
the U.S. Government to place import restrictions on an important international supplier. We may also struggle to maintain or develop these
relationships and may not be able to secure new ones on favorable terms, 18 We
sell products through wholesale partnerships and may seek to expand these relationships. However, these wholesale partnerships may
not be profitable and could incur additional costs compared to our DTC operations. In addition, an expansion of these relationships
may concentrate our business with one customer resulting in greater reliance on that customer, which could adversely affect our
ability to grow our business and compete in our industry. Wholesale relationships may be terminated or modified, or wholesale
partners may reduce orders or fail to meet their obligations, resulting in lost sales and adversely affecting our financial
performance, results of operations and financial condition. Disputes with partners or the termination or amendment of agreements
could lead to expenses, delayed payments, liabilities, and distractions from our strategic objectives. If we cannot renew or replace
agreements on favorable terms, it could harm our business. Wholesale partners may also compete against us in key channels,
harming our business. Maintaining these relationships may require significant resources and could limit our sales channels,
adversely affecting other areas of our business. We
are expanding Purple showrooms across the U.S., which may compete with our wholesale partners for customers. This omni-channel strategy
carries the risk of diminishing sales in other channels, increasing costs, and the potential loss of wholesale partners. Managing this
omni-channel strategy may require significant resources, potentially impacting other areas of our business. If our financial performance
falls short of expectations, we may struggle to secure favorable payment terms or obtain credit from commercial partners that have extended
credit to us. We
use some third-party manufacturers to assemble certain of our products using Company-made Hyper-Elastic Polymer material. We depend on
our third-party manufacturers to maintain high levels of productivity and satisfactory delivery schedules. These third-party manufacturers
may experience difficulties assembling our products, particularly in the early stages of their engagement as they develop expertise in
assembling our products to our standards. For example, we previously experienced temporary issues with certain third-party manufacturers
assembling our mattresses and the occurrence of such issues in the future would materially harm our business. The ability of our suppliers
to effectively satisfy our production requirements could also be impacted by their financial difficulty or damage to their operations
caused by fire, pandemic, terrorist attack, natural disaster, or other events. The failure of any supplier to meet our expectations could
result in supply shortages or delays for certain products and components and harm our business. A reduction in the availability
of credit to consumers or the availability of more favorable credit terms with competitors could adversely affect our results of operations
and financial condition. We offer consumer financing
through third-party finance companies, with a significant portion of our sales financed in 2025. Macroeconomic factors and changes in
credit lending criteria may reduce available credit, and we may face higher costs to maintain lending approvals. Additionally, federal
regulations place restrictions on consumer credit programs, including promotional credit offers. They control financing offers and credit
standards and may provide better terms to our competitors or in channels outside our focus. Reduced credit availability from economic
changes, regulatory shifts, terminated agreements, or competitors offering better terms could negatively impact our results of operations
and financial condition. Over or under supply
of raw material inventory and finished products could leave us vulnerable to shortages or shrinkage that may harm our ability to satisfy
consumer demand and could adversely affect our results of operations. We
have in the past accumulated and may again in the future accumulate excess raw material inventory, which is vulnerable to shrinkage, theft,
obsolescence, or otherwise becoming unsellable, and excess finished product inventory. Excess inventory uses valuable warehouse space.
If our efforts to manage inventory are unsuccessful, excess stock and related inefficiencies could negatively impact our results of operations.
On the other hand, failing to maintain adequate inventory levels could lead to supply shortages, harming our ability to meet consumer
demand and negatively affecting operations. Lead times for products and components, especially those sourced internationally, can vary.
Risks from legal, economic, political, or health issues, as well as disruptions in global trade, including due to tariffs or trade wars,
could impact production and result in inadequate inventory levels. Sourcing challenges due to trade tensions, tariffs or other geopolitical
factors, will also increase costs and disrupt supply. Any shortages or delays in meeting demand could harm customer satisfaction, results
of operations and financial condition. 19 We rely on key suppliers,
some of which are our only source or one of few sources for certain products, materials, or services. While alternative suppliers may
be available, disruptions or cost increases in the supply of materials could negatively affect our results of operations and financial
condition. Additionally, changes in a supplier’s financial condition could delay their product delivery to us. Shipping delays from
port closures, congestion, and shortages of containers or ships could disrupt manufacturing, supply of materials, and inventory management.
These delays may hinder our ability to meet product demand and deliver on time, negatively impacting our business and results of operations. If we lose members of
the leadership team we may not be able to run our business effectively. Our success depends on attracting
and retaining key personnel in areas like executive leadership, marketing, sales, innovation, and operations. If members of our leadership
team leave or additional expertise is needed, finding qualified replacements may be challenging due to competition and potential uncertainties
from our ownership structure or stockholder activism. Delays in replacing members of the leadership team could disrupt growth and strategic
plans. If we fail to offer competitive compensation and incentives, it may adversely affect our business. For example, due to our recent
results of operations and stock price, our short-term incentive plans, long-terms incentive plans, and option grants may not be adequate
to retain our leadership team and other participating employees. Additionally, we do not have key-person insurance for our executives. Regulatory and Litigation Risks Regulatory requirements
may require costly expenditures and expose us to liability. Our products, marketing, and
advertising are regulated by various U.S. authorities, including the Federal Trade Commission, as well as consumer protection laws specific
to the sleep product industry. These regulations may change or conflict with each other, leading to ongoing compliance costs, such as
quality control and compliance processes. We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety regulations, including
those related to environmental protection, recycling, and occupational health and safety. While we strive for compliance, past changes
to our facilities have been required, and we will continue to invest in meeting these standards. If harmful substances are released or
contamination is found on our properties, we may face significant liability. As a manufacturer of mattresses and related products, we
handle regulated substances, which subject us to various environmental laws. For example, we are subject to the Toxic Substances Control
Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, and related state and local statutes and regulations. We are subject to federal
laws on international shipments, customs, and import controls. Non-compliance may result in penalties or fines, adversely affecting our
financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to laws covering the internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, taxation,
privacy, data protection, pricing, consumer protection, employment, disabilities, and more. The application of traditional areas of the
law to newly developed technologies may be unclear, and unfavorable regulations could reduce demand for our products, increase costs,
or limit access to our products.  Our ongoing efforts to enhance compliance and regularly test our site, as well as legal challenges
we may face, may increase our business costs. Additionally, we are subject to health and environmental regulations like California Proposition
65, which require resources for compliance, and with respect to which we have experienced and may in the future face claims, requiring
resources for defense. Laws addressing climate change could impose stricter standards, raise our costs, disrupt our business and negatively
impact our financial condition and results of operations. Negative public perception or climate-related litigation could harm our reputation
and business. Regulatory requirements
relating to the manufacture and disposal of mattresses may increase our product costs and increase the risk of disruption to our business. The U.S. Consumer Product
Safety Commission (CPSC) and other jurisdictions have fire retardancy standards for the mattress industry, and some jurisdictions may
consider stricter regulations. These standards require fire retardant materials, quality assurance programs, random product testing, and
documentation retention, which can be costly. If testing or inspections show our products don’t meet flammability standards, we
could face production halts, recalls, fines, or penalties, negatively impacting our operations and financial condition. New legislation
on fire retardancy, bed bug prevention, or mattress recycling could lead to recalls or higher operating costs. Non-compliance may result
in penalties, business restrictions, or negative publicity. Conflicting regulations could raise costs, change manufacturing processes,
and harm product performance, negatively affecting our business. 20 We could be subject
to additional sales tax or other indirect tax liabilities. We are subject to sales tax
or other indirect tax obligations as imposed by the various states and jurisdictions in the United States. The application of indirect
taxes (such as sales and use tax, value-added tax (“VAT”), goods and services tax, business tax and gross receipt tax to applicable e-commerce businesses
and to our users is a complex and evolving issue and we may be unable to timely or accurately determine our obligations with respect to
such indirect taxes, if any, in various jurisdictions. Many statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the
adoption and growth of the internet and e-commerce. States may consider or adopt laws or administrative practices, which impose
additional obligations on remote sellers and online marketplaces to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added,
or similar taxes. Failure to comply or a successful assertion by states requiring us to collect taxes where we did not, could result in
substantial tax liabilities for past sales, as well as penalties and interest. If the tax authorities challenge our filings or request
an audit, our tax liability may increase. We are currently undergoing routine audits in a few states. We may be subject to laws
and rules that require us to collect information from our customers, vendors, merchants, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes
and report such information to government agencies. The scope of such requirements continues to expand, requiring us to develop and implement
new compliance systems. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in significant penalties. Pending or unforeseen
litigation and the potential for adverse publicity associated with litigation could adversely affect our business, reputation, results
of operations or financial condition. We may be involved in legal
proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including commercial, product liability, employment, intellectual property claims,
and claims brought by shareholders. Litigation is unpredictable, and it is possible that the outcome of future claims asserted, or adverse
publicity resulting from litigation, could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations or financial condition. Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property We may not be able to
adequately protect our product designs, brand and other proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position, reduce
the value of our products and brands, and may result in costly litigation to protect our intellectual property rights. We focus on strengthening
and differentiating our product portfolio through innovation in design and materials. Our intellectual property, including trademarks,
patents, and trade secrets, is vital to our success. We rely on intellectual property laws and contractual protections, like confidentiality
and non-compete agreements, to safeguard our rights. If we cannot enforce these protections, it could negatively impact our operations.
We own U.S. and foreign patents for product designs, function, formulas, materials, and technologies, along with trademarks, trade secrets,
trade dress, and copyrights. Our success relies on protecting these intellectual property rights and avoiding infringement on third-party
rights. Despite our efforts, we may
not fully protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Counterfeit goods and patent/trademark infringements are increasing,
leading to higher enforcement costs, including actions with the International Trade Commission seeking general exclusion orders against
foreign entities. We expect significant financial and managerial resources to be spent on protecting our intellectual property rights.
Even with favorable outcomes, infringement and counterfeits could harm our business and intellectual property value. Laws may not adequately
safeguard our trademarks. Licensees could also harm our proprietary rights or reputation. Inadequate protection of our intellectual property
could negatively impact our results of operations. We may be subject to
claims that we or the licensors of intellectual property rights licensed to us have infringed on proprietary rights, which could require
us and our licensors to obtain a license or change designs. As we increase our innovations,
create new products and technologies, and enter new product categories, we may be limited by the intellectual property rights of others.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others but our ability to innovate and increase product offerings may be limited by the
intellectual property rights of other parties. We have in the past and may in the future face claims regarding alleged intellectual
property infringement, though we believe our products do not infringe others’ rights. However, we cannot guarantee that such claims,
including claims of invalidity and indemnification, will not arise or negatively impact our business. Defending against these claims could
incur costs and divert resources. Infringement claims could also result in injunctions preventing distribution of our products or forcing
us to alter our designs if licensing terms are unavailable or unreasonable. 21 We previously licensed
certain intellectual property to EdiZONE, LLC (“EdiZONE”), for the purpose of enabling EdiZONE to meet its contractual obligations
to licensees. Some of those licensees are competitors and have exclusive rights that we may be required to observe. Before the Business Combination,
we entered into an Amended and Restated Confidential Assignment and License Back Agreement with EdiZONE, controlled by our founders, pursuant
to which EdiZONE transferred intellectual property to us and licensed back certain intellectual property to meet pre-existing third-party
obligations. EdiZONE agreed not to modify, extend, or enter new third-party licenses, with all rights reverting to us as these licenses
expire. One of EdiZONE’s prior licenses grants exclusivity to a third party of an earlier technology that could prevent us from
selling a mattress made from that earlier technology in the European Union or in the medical industry. This risk could be mitigated by
redesigning our Hyper-Elastic Polymer material using existing or new technologies. However, there is no guarantee that any of our future
sales in the European Union or in the medical industry won’t be challenged by EdiZONE’s licensee, and any such redesigned
mattresses may not succeed. If challenged, we are required to indemnify EdiZONE. We have the right to enforce our intellectual property
against licensees who violate their agreements or infringe on our intellectual property. We must indemnify EdiZONE and cover enforcement
costs. However, there is no guarantee that such enforcement efforts would succeed, which could negatively impact our business. Risks Relating to our Common Stock NASDAQ
may delist our securities from its exchange, which could harm our business and limit our stockholders ’ liquidity. Our common stock is currently
listed on NASDAQ, which has listing criteria. We cannot assure that our common stock will continue to be listed on NASDAQ in the future.
To continue listing our common stock on NASDAQ, we must maintain certain governance, financial, distribution and stock price levels.
Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders’ equity, a minimum number of holders of our common stock, and a $1.00
minimum per share bid price for our common stock. If we fail to maintain a $1.00 minimum per share bid price for a period of 30 consecutive
business days, we have 180 calendar days to maintain our common stock at a $1.00 minimum per share bid price for 10 consecutive trading
days. If we do not regain compliance within 180 calendar days, NASDAQ may grant a second compliance period of 180 calendar days or it
may determine to delist our common stock, at which point we would have an opportunity to appeal the delisting determination to a hearings
panel. On November 5, 2025, we received written notice from NASDAQ that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq minimum share price rule,
since the closing price of our Common Stock had been below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. We have 180 calendar days,
or until May 4, 2026, to regain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum share price rule. To regain compliance, the bid price of our Common
Stock must close at $1.00 or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. While we intend to actively monitor the bid price of
our Common Stock and will consider available options to regain compliance, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to regain compliance
or otherwise comply with NASDAQ’s other continued listing requirements. If we are unable to comply
with NASDAQ’S continued listing requirements, our common stock may be subject to delisting. If NASDAQ delists our common stock from
trading on its exchange or if we decide to voluntarily delist from NASDAQ and/or deregister our common stock under the federal securities
laws, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including but not limited to (i) a limited availability of market quotations
for our common stock; (ii) reduced liquidity for our common stock; (iii) a determination that our common stock is a “penny stock” which
will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity
in the secondary trading market for our securities; (iv) a limited amount of news and analyst coverage, and in the event of deregistration
of our common stock, less public disclosure about us; and (v) a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional
financing in the future. 22 The market price of
our Common Stock is volatile and may decline regardless of our results of operations, and Stockholders may not be able to resell shares
at or above their purchase price. The market price of our Common
Stock has been highly volatile, and stockholders may not be able to resell shares at or above their purchase price. It can fluctuate significantly
due to various factors, some beyond our control and unrelated to our results of operations, including but not limited to: ● actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations or fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; ● actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors or securities analysts, including our results of operations, or the extent to which analysts cover our stock; ● fluctuations in the overall stock market and volatility in the market price and trading volume of companies in our industry, or general or industry economic conditions and trends; ● relevant regulatory developments in any jurisdiction, or litigation involving us or our industry; ● terrorist attacks, trade wars, political upheaval, natural disasters, public health crises, or other major catastrophic events; ● sales of large blocks of our Common Stock, including SEC filings related to such potential sales; or ● an adverse impact on us from any of the other risks cited herein. Anti-takeover provisions
in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Third Amended and Restated Bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware
law, contain anti-takeover provisions, any of which could delay or discourage a merger, tender offer, or assumption of control of our
Company not approved by our Board of Directors that some stockholders may consider favorable. Provisions of Delaware law,
our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Third Amended and Restated Bylaws and the existence of a significant
stockholder who is our primary lender, could discourage a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. Stockholders may not have
the opportunity to participate in these transactions. These provisions or circumstances could also limit the price that investors might
be willing to pay in the future for Common Stock, including the potential to realize a premium for shares pursuant to a change in control
transaction. We have amended our bylaws to add requirements relating to stockholder nominations of directors, including that stockholder
nominees complete a written questionnaire and make themselves available for interviews by our Board. In addition, we are subject to the
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain transactions with stockholders owning 15%
or more of our outstanding voting stock or require us to obtain stockholder approval prior to engaging in such transactions. As reported by Coliseum in
its Schedule 13D/A filed on May 6, 2025, Coliseum beneficially owns 61.1 million shares of Common Stock (which includes 46.9 million shares
of Common Stock currently owned and 14.2 million shares of Common Stock that could be acquired upon exercise of its warrants). The existence
of such a large stockholder may limit the potential for third party offers to acquire the Company. Significant payment
obligations under our Tax Receivable Agreement are accelerated upon a change of control and may discourage the potential acquisition of
our Company and adversely affect any potential control premium payable for shares of our Common Stock. Prior to us being a public
company, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with our founders (the “Tax Receivable Agreement”), which provides for
our payment to our former founders of 80% of certain tax benefits that we realize as a result of certain increases in our asset tax basis
and of certain other tax benefits. If we experience a change of control (as defined under the Tax Receivable Agreement), we could be required
to make an immediate lump-sum payment to our former founders under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined herein). We currently
estimate the liability associated with this lump-sum payment as of December 31, 2025, to be approximately $137.5 million on a discounted
basis. The acceleration of such a material lump-sum payment obligation under our Tax Receivable Agreement could materially adversely affect
a third party’s acquisition, discourage a third party from attempting to acquire control, or materially adversely affect the price
payable for our Common Stock pursuant to such a transaction. As a result, stockholders may not have the opportunity to participate in
or realize a potential control premium for shares pursuant to such a change of control transaction. These obligations could also limit
the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Common Stock. 23 Our Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against us, our directors,
or our officers and may limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum. Our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially
all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. It also provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of duty or obligation owed by any current or former
director, officer or employee of ours to us or to our stockholders, including any claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach;
(iii) any action asserting certain claims against us or any current or former director, officer or employee; or (iv) any action asserting
a claim related to or involving us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision would not apply
to certain suits brought to enforce certain liability or duty or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
Furthermore, the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees,
which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers or employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice
of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations. Future sales of our
Common Stock in the public market may depress our share price. Sales or the perception of
future sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock could depress the market price of our Common Stock and impair our ability
to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or other convertible securities, regardless of any relationship between such sales
and the performance of our business. In
connection with the issuance of warrants pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the 2025 Amendment, we entered into a Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”)
with CCP, Blackwell, Coliseum Capital Co-Invest III, L.P. (“C-3”), Harvest Master, Harvest Partners, and HSCP (the
“Holders”), providing for the registration of the warrants, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the
warrants, and the Class A Common Stock held by the Holders as of such date (the “Registrable Securities”). The market
price of our Common Stock could decline as a result of sales by a few large stockholders, such as Coliseum or the Holders, or the
perception that these sales could occur, including as a result of the registration statement. These sales might also make it more
difficult for us to sell equity securities at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Our
stockholders may experience substantial dilution in the value of their investment or may otherwise have their interests impaired if we
issue additional debt or equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, as well as due to the exercise of the currently
outstanding warrants. We may attempt to increase
our capital by entering additional secured or unsecured debt or debt-like financing, or by issuing additional debt or equity securities,
including issuances of secured or unsecured notes, preferred stock, hybrid securities or convertible securities. Our Second Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation allows us to issue up to 300 million shares of our common stock, including 210 million
shares of Class A common stock and 90 million shares of Class B common stock, and up to five million shares of undesignated preferred
stock. 24 We have previously sold and
may in the future sell additional shares of our common stock or convertible securities at prices that are lower than the prices paid by
existing stockholders, and investors purchasing shares or other securities could have rights superior to existing stockholders, which
could result in substantial dilution of existing stockholders. For example, on January 23, 2024, we issued to the Lenders under the Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement the warrants to purchase 20.0 million shares of our common stock at a price of $1.50 per share (the “2024
Warrants”), subject to adjustments, and on March 12, 2025, we issued to the 2025 Lenders under the 2025 Amendment the 2025 Warrants
to purchase 6.2 million shares of our common stock at a price of $1.50 per share, subject to adjustments. In addition, on May 2, 2025,
we issued to the 2025 Lenders under the Second 2025 Amendment additional warrants (the “2025 Additional Warrants”) to purchase
6.6 million shares of our common stock at a price of $1.50 per share, subject to adjustments and on May 2, 2025, we issued to Somnigroup
International, Inc. as partial consideration for their entering into various agreements with Somnigroup International, Inc. entities,
warrants to purchase 8.0 million shares of our common stock at a price of $1.50 per share, subject to adjustments. The exercise of warrants
will dilute the value of Class A common stock and stockholder voting power. In addition, the warrants include full-ratchet anti-dilution
protections, subject to certain conditions, which could result in the warrants becoming exercisable for a significantly greater number
of shares if we engage in a dilutive financing. In
the event of our liquidation, holders of our debt would receive distributions of our assets before distributions to holders of our common
stock, including substantial make-whole payments, and holders of securities senior to the common stock would receive distributions of
our assets before distributions to the holders of our common stock. Because future debt and equity offerings may be influenced by market
conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings or
debt financings. Market conditions could impose less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. Our only significant
asset is our ownership of Purple LLC and such ownership may not be sufficient to enable us to satisfy our financial obligations. We are a holding company and
do not directly own any operating assets other than our ownership of interests in Purple LLC. We depend on Purple LLC for distributions,
loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded
company. The earnings from, or other available assets of, Purple LLC may not be sufficient to allow us to pay our financial obligations. I f
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, may make
a material misstatement in our financial statements, may experience a financial loss or may face litigation. Any inability to report and
file our financial results accurately and timely could adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. We are required to maintain
internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure, as mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules. However, even with these
controls, management cannot guarantee that they will prevent all errors or fraud. All control systems have inherent limitations, such
as human error, circumvention, or collusion, and cannot provide absolute assurance of detection or prevention. Controls may also become
inadequate over time due to changes, new fraudulent schemes, or deteriorating compliance, increasing the risk of undetected misstatements.
The accuracy of our financial reporting relies on effective internal controls, which can only provide reasonable assurance and may not
detect all misstatements. We have in the past identified material weaknesses in our controls. Any failure in internal controls or disclosure
procedures could undermine the accuracy and timeliness of our disclosures, potentially eroding investor confidence, requiring significant
resources to fix, and exposing us to legal or regulatory actions. We
continue to evaluate, design and implement controls and procedures designed to avoid material weaknesses. If our efforts are insufficient
or if new weaknesses arise, our financial statements may be misstated, potentially requiring restatements, incurring additional accounting,
legal costs, and exposing us to shareholder litigation. We cannot guarantee against future material weaknesses in our internal
control. Failure to maintain effective internal control could impact the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting, potentially
leading to sanctions from NASDAQ, the SEC, or other regulators. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short
form registration statements on Form S-3, which may also impair our ability to raise capital, execute business strategies, or issue shares
for acquisitions. Additionally, it could erode investor confidence and negatively affect our stock price. 25 Tax Risks Relating
to our Structure Obligations under the
Tax Receivable Agreement could materially adversely affect our future cash flow if we become profitable and begin paying income taxes.
Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize. Our Tax Receivable Agreement
with our founders requires us to pay 80% of certain tax benefits realized from increases in asset tax basis and other tax benefits. As
of December 31, 2025, our preliminary estimate of liability under the agreement was $170.5 million. This liability may increase if we
realize future tax benefits, face changes in tax rates, or if payments are accelerated. However, since we have not been profitable recently,
we determined as of December 31, 2025, that the likelihood of incurring a liability was not probable and no liability was recorded. If
we become profitable and realize tax savings covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement, we will incur payment obligations, which could negatively
impact our cash flow. The lump sum payment of $137.5
million required upon early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event of a change in control could negatively impact liquidity,
delay or prevent business transactions, and reduce the value of our Common Stock. If our cash resources are insufficient, we may need
to incur additional debt to meet these obligations, which could materially harm our financial condition. Even without early termination,
a change of control, or late payments, our liquidity could be adversely affected if payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed
the tax savings we realize, or if distributions from Purple LLC are insufficient to cover payments after taxes and expenses. Our ability to utilize
our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. Future use and amount of our Current NOLs and other
tax benefits is uncertain. Under Section 382 and related
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change”,
the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) and other pre-change tax attributes
to offset its post-change income may be limited. Generally, an ownership change is defined as a change in its equity ownership by certain
stockholders over a three-year period of greater than 50 percentage points (by value). If finalized, Treasury Regulations currently proposed
under Section 382 of the Code may further limit our ability to utilize our pre-change NOLs or other tax attributes if we undergo a future
ownership change. Thus, our ability to utilize carryforwards of our net operating losses, including net operating losses acquired from
the Intellibed acquisition, and other tax attributes to reduce future tax liabilities may be substantially restricted. In 2024, we completed
a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred, as defined by IRC Section 382, or whether there have been ownership changes
since the Company’s formation. The results of this study indicate that we experienced one ownership change on December 31, 2021.
We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. As a result, if we generate
taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change NOL and tax credits carryforwards to reduce U.S. federal and state taxable income may
be subject to further limitations, which could result in increased future tax liabilities to us. Moreover, our federal NOLs from years
prior to 2018 can be carried forward for a maximum of 20 years from the year in which the NOL was incurred, and our state NOLs are subject
to carryforward limitations that vary from state to state; as a result, all or a portion of those carryforwards could expire before being
available to reduce future income tax liabilities. Use of our Current NOLs
and other tax benefits depends on our ability to generate taxable income in the future. We cannot ensure whether we will have future taxable
income or, if we do, whether such income or our Current NOLs or other tax benefits at such time will exceed any potential limitation under
Code Section 382. The IRS may challenge
our Current NOLs and other tax benefits . As of December 31, 2025, the
amount of our Current NOLs has not been audited or validated by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). The IRS could challenge
the amount of our Current NOLs, which could result in an increase in our future liability for income taxes. In addition, determining whether
an ownership change under Code Section 382 has occurred is subject to uncertainty because of the complexity and ambiguity of the provisions
of Code Section 382 and because of limits on timely knowledge that any publicly traded company can have about the ownership of and transactions
in its securities. We cannot ensure that the IRS or another taxing authority will not claim in the future that we experienced an ownership
change under Code Section 382 and attempt to reduce the benefit of our Current NOLs and other tax benefits available, even if the NOL
Protective Charter Amendment is in place. 26 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy,
and Governance In
the ordinary course of our business, we receive, process, use, store and share digitally large amounts of data, including user data as
well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary and personal information. We depend largely upon our information technology systems in the
conduct of all aspects of our operations. Maintaining the integrity and availability of our information technology systems and this information,
as well as appropriate limitations on access and confidentiality of such information, is important to our operations and business strategy.
To this end, we have implemented processes and systems designed to assess, identify, and manage risks from potential unauthorized occurrences
on or through our information technology systems to prevent adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of these
systems and the data residing in them. In
2025, we did not identify any cybersecurity breaches that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our business
strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Management’s
Role Our
management team is responsible for monitoring, preventing, detecting, mitigating and remediating cybersecurity incidents. Our Vice President
of IT and Systems brings over 13 years of expertise, with a proven track record in various leadership roles, including Director of Software
Delivery for the past two years. He has spearheaded the successful implementation and management of multiple website platforms, enterprise
resource planning (ERP) systems, retail store infrastructures, and cloud-based enterprise solutions. In his current role, he oversees
our cybersecurity team and outsourced managed services, while developing incident response plans and establishing clear communication
protocols with internal executives and external vendors. Our Network Systems Associate Director brings over 15 years of expertise in
enterprise IT, with a proven track record in various leadership roles, including 13 years in technical leadership roles. His distinguished
career includes leading the transition to a managed NOC/SOC, spearheading email security initiatives, architecting the migration to Okta
with multi-factor authentication (MFA) and automated user-access auditing, and designing robust showroom network infrastructure. He oversees
end-user technology and security operations, encompassing endpoints and Microsoft 365, identity policies, vulnerability management, incident
response, SOC and vendor collaboration, telecommunications, and SaaS platforms. He holds a B.S. in Information Technology from Utah Valley
University. We
maintain a cybersecurity risk management program designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity threats.
Our cybersecurity risk management processes are being integrated into our overall risk management processes. We are making efforts to
incorporate cybersecurity considerations as a part of our business processes. We engage with external cybersecurity experts, including
assessors, consultants, and auditors, to enhance our cybersecurity measures and ensure compliance with industry best practices. For example,
a comprehensive cyber risk assessment, both physical and logical, was conducted by a third party, serving as an external penetration
test to validate our security posture. We have established processes to oversee and manage cybersecurity risks associated with our use
of third-party service providers, ensuring they adhere to our security standards. We review third-party service provider contracts to
ensure they contain data privacy and security provisions, aligning with our standards and regulatory requirements. Additionally, we have
established a Technology Review Committee (“TRC”) tasked with the role of evaluating new software tools and technologies
before their implementation. The TRC consists of experts from various domains within our organization, including information technology
security, compliance, legal, and operations. The TRC conducts assessments to ensure that any new software tools meet our standards for
security, compliance, and operational efficiency. 27 Board
of Directors Oversight The
oversight of our cybersecurity is assigned to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The Audit Committee receives regular reports
and briefings from management on our cybersecurity threat risk management and strategy processes, including on topics such as our data
security posture, results from third-party assessments, progress towards pre-determined risk-mitigation-related goals, incident response
plans, and cybersecurity threat risks or incidents and developments, as well as the steps management has taken to respond to these risks.
In addition, management updates the Audit Committee as necessary regarding any material cybersecurity incidents as well as any incidents
with lesser impact potential.

