TICKER: QURE
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain security, and the promotion of U.S. domestic manufacturing. The FDA also continually issues nonbinding guidance documents that provide the FDA’s interpretation of its laws and regulations, as well as the FDA’s approach to scientific issues and questions. Obtaining regulatory approvals and ensuring compliance with applicable statutes and regulatory requirements entails the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources, including payment of user fees for applications to the FDA. All our current product candidates are subject to regulation by the FDA as biologics. An applicant seeking approval to market and distribute a new biologic in the U.S. must typically undertake the following: ● completion of nonclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA’s current Good Laboratory Practice regulations; ● submission to the FDA of an IND application which allows human clinical trials to begin unless the FDA objects within 30 days; the sponsor of an IND or its legal representative must be based in the U.S.; ● approval by an independent institutional review board (“IRB”) and, for some studies, Institutional Biosafety Committee (“IBC”) before each clinical trial may be initiated; ● performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with the FDA’s current Good Clinical Practice regulations (“cGCP”) to establish substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy for the proposed biological product for each indication; ● preparation and submission to the FDA of a Biologics License Application (“BLA”); ● satisfactory completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods, and controls are adequate to preserve the product’s identity, strength, quality, and purity, as well as selected clinical trial sites and investigators to determine cGCP compliance; ● approval of the BLA by the FDA, in consultation with an FDA advisory committee, if deemed appropriate by the FDA; and 19 ​ Table of Contents ● compliance with any post-approval commitments, including Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (“REMS”), and post-approval studies required by the FDA. Human Clinical Studies in the United States under an IND Before initiating clinical studies in the U.S. or under an IND, investigational product sponsors must first complete nonclinical studies. Nonclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of chemistry, pharmacology, toxicity, and product formulation, as well as animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy. Such studies must generally be conducted in accordance with the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practices. In 2025, however, the FDA announced a plan to reduce the need for animal testing, with an initial focus on monoclonal antibodies. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational biologic to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with cGCP requirements, which includes requirements for informed consent, study conduct, and IRB review and approval. Special clinical trial ethical considerations also must be considered if a study involves children. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. INDs include nonclinical study reports, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data, or literature, and proposed clinical study protocols among other things. A clinical trial may not proceed in the U.S. unless and until an IND becomes effective, which is 30 days after its receipt by the FDA. The FDA may raise concerns or questions related to one or more components of an IND and place the IND on clinical hold if during its review the FDA determines that study subjects would be exposed to significant risk of illness or injury. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. The protocol and informed consent documents, as well as other subject communications must also be approved by an IRB that continues to oversee that trial. In the case of gene therapy studies, an IBC at the local level may also review and maintain oversight over the particular study, in addition to the IRB. The FDA, an IRB, and IBC, or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that research requirements are not being met. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor that regularly reviews accumulated data and advises the study sponsor regarding the continuing safety of the trial. This group may also review interim data to assess the continuing validity and scientific merit of the clinical trial. This group receives special access to unblinded data during the clinical trial and may advise the sponsor to halt, pause, or otherwise modify the clinical trial. Information about certain clinical trials, including results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for listing on the ClinicalTrials.gov website. Sponsors or distributors of investigational products for the diagnosis, monitoring, or treatment of one or more serious diseases or conditions must also have a publicly available policy on evaluating and responding to requests for expanded access. Investigators must also provide certain information to the clinical trial sponsors to allow the sponsors to make certain financial disclosures to the FDA. Subsequent clinical protocols and amendments must also be submitted to an active IND but are not subject to the 30-day review period imposed on an original IND. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must also be submitted at least annually to the FDA and the IRB and more frequently if serious adverse events or other significant safety information is found. There is a risk that once a new protocol or amendment is submitted to an active IND there may be an extended period before the FDA may comment or provide feedback. This may result in a need to modify an ongoing clinical trial to incorporate this feedback or even a clinical hold of the trial. There is also risk that the FDA may not provide comments or feedback but may ultimately disagree with the design of the study once a BLA is submitted. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: ● Phase I: The biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early understanding of its effectiveness. 20 ​ Table of Contents ● Phase II: The biological product is administered to a limited patient population to further identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. ● Phase III: The biological product is administered to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to generate sufficient data to statistically confirm the potency and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product and to provide adequate information for the labelling of the product. The FDA typically requires that a BLA include data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials which provide substantial evidence of efficacy. Legislation further established a new program that may be used to facilitate future marketing applications and development programs following a first product approval. Specifically, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 established a program whereby a platform technology that is incorporated within or utilized by an approved drug or biologic product may be designated as a platform technology, provided that certain conditions are met, in which case development and approval of subsequent products using such technology may be expedited. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003 (the “PREA”), a BLA or BLA supplement for a new active ingredient, indication, dosage form, dosage regimen, or route of administration, must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. Orphan products are also exempt from the PREA requirements. The manufacture of investigational drugs and biologics for the conduct of human clinical trials is subject to cGMP requirements. Investigational drugs and biologics and active ingredients and therapeutic substances imported into the U.S. are also subject to regulation by the FDA. Further, the export of investigational products outside of the U.S. is subject to regulatory requirements of the receiving country as well as U.S. export requirements under the FDCA. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional nonclinical animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product candidate as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, manufacturers must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency, and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. Regulation and FDA Guidance Governing Gene Therapy Products The FDA has and continues to issue various guidance documents with respect to the development and commercialization of gene therapies, including for specific diseases, such as neurodegenerative diseases, rare diseases, and hemophilia, as such products may face special challenges. Certain gene therapy studies are also subject to the National Institutes of Health’s Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant DNA Molecules, (“NIH Guidelines”). The NIH Guidelines include the review of the study by an IBC. The IBC assesses the compliance of the research with the NIH Guidelines, assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to public health or the environment. ​ ​ ​ 21 ​ Table of Contents Compliance with cGMP Requirements Manufacturers of biologics must comply with applicable cGMP regulations, including quality control and quality assurance and maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers and others involved in the manufacture and distribution of such products must also register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and provide the FDA a list of products manufactured at the facilities. Sponsors must further submit information to the FDA regarding manufactured products, including the volume of drugs produced during the prior year. Establishments may be subject to periodic unannounced inspections  by government authorities to ensure compliance with cGMPs and other laws. Discovery of non-compliance may result in the FDA issuing a Form 483, placing restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, and may extend to requiring withdrawal of the product from the market, recall, shutdown, or enforcement letters, among other consequences. Noncompliance with the applicable manufacturing requirements may also require costly corrective and preventative actions. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are following cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. FDA Programs to Expedite Product Development The FDA has several programs to expedite product development, including fast track designation and breakthrough therapy designation. These are outlined in specific FDA guidance. Under the fast track program, the sponsor of a biologic candidate may request the FDA to designate the product for a specific indication as a fast track product concurrent with or after the filing of the IND for the product candidate. To be eligible for a fast track designation, the FDA must determine that a product candidate is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need. This may be demonstrated by clinical or nonclinical data. If granted, the benefits include more frequent interactions with the FDA and potentially rolling review of sections of the BLA. In some cases, a fast track product may be eligible for accelerated approval or priority review. Moreover, under the provisions of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, enacted in 2012, a sponsor can request designation of a product candidate as a breakthrough therapy. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a product that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Products designated as breakthrough therapies are potentially eligible for rolling review, as well as intensive guidance on an efficient development program beginning as early as Phase I trials, and a commitment from the FDA to involve senior managers and experienced review staff in a proactive collaborative, cross disciplinary review. Biologics studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval, which means the FDA may approve the product based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. A biologic candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. By the date of approval of an accelerated approval product, FDA must specify the conditions for the required post approval studies, including enrollment targets, the study protocol, milestones, and target completion dates. FDA may also require, and frequently does require, that the confirmatory Phase 4 studies be commenced prior to FDA granting a product accelerated approval. Reports on the progress of the required Phase 4 confirmatory studies must be submitted to FDA every 180 days after approval. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug or biologic from the market on an expedited basis using a statutorily defined streamlined process. Failure to conduct the required Phase 4 confirmatory studies or to conduct such studies with due diligence, as well as failure to submit the required update reports can subject a sponsor to penalties. All promotional materials for drug or biologic candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA. In recent years, the accelerated approval pathway has come under significant FDA and public scrutiny. Accordingly, the FDA may be more conservative in granting accelerated approval or, if granted, may be more apt to withdrawal approval if clinical benefit is not confirmed. 22 ​ Table of Contents Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Submission of a BLA The results of the nonclinical and clinical studies, together with detailed information relating to the product’s chemistry, manufacture, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting a license to market the product for one or more indications. The submission of a BLA is subject to an application user fee, though products with orphan designation are exempt from the BLA filing fee. The sponsor of an approved BLA is also subject to annual program user fees. Orphan products may also be exempt from program fees provided that certain criteria are met. These fees are typically increased annually. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (“PDUFA”) the FDA has agreed to specified performance goals in the review of BLAs. Most such applications are meant to be reviewed within ten months from the filing acceptance date (typically 60 days after date of filing), and most applications for priority review products are meant to be reviewed within six months of the filing acceptance date (typically 60 days after date of filing). Priority review designation may be assigned to product candidates that are intended to treat serious conditions and, if approved, would provide significant improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of the serious condition. The FDA may refuse to file an application and request additional information. In this event, the application must be refiled with the additional information. The refiled application is also subject to assessment of content before the FDA accepts it for review. Once the submission is accepted, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA will assign a date for its final decision for the product (the “PDUFA action date”) but can extend this date to complete review of a product application or to consider additional information submitted during the application review period. The PDUFA action date is only a goal, thus, the FDA does not always meet its PDUFA dates. The FDA may also refer certain applications to an advisory committee. An advisory committee is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, which reviews, evaluates, and makes recommendations as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. The FDA reviews applications to determine, among other things, whether a product candidate meets the agency’s approval standards and whether the manufacturing methods and controls are adequate to assure and preserve the product’s identity, strength, quality, potency, and purity. Before approving a marketing application, the FDA typically will inspect  the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities, including contract manufacturers and subcontractors, are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a marketing application the FDA will inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with cGCPs. After evaluating the marketing application and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the biological product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information for the FDA to reconsider the application. In 2025, the FDA began publicly releasing complete response letters after issuance, for both products that eventually obtained approval and products that have not yet received approval.  Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission of the BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. Many drug applications receive complete response letters from the FDA during their first cycle of FDA review. ​ ​ 23 ​ Table of Contents If the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications for use of the product; require that contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product labeling, including boxed warnings; require that post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials and trials to ensure that population representative data is collected, be conducted to further assess a biologic’s efficacy and safety after approval; or require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-market studies or surveillance programs. The FDA may also not approve label statements that are necessary for successful commercialization and marketing. In addition to the above conditions of approval, the FDA also may require submission of a REMS to ensure that the benefits of the product candidate outweigh the risks. The REMS plan could include medication guides, physician communication plans, and elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, or other risk minimization tools. An assessment of the REMS must also be conducted at set intervals. Following product approval, a REMS may also be required by the FDA if new safety information is discovered, and the FDA determines that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the risks. During the review of a BLA for a gene therapy, the FDA will assess whether a REMS is necessary. Several gene therapy products that have been approved by the FDA have required substantial REMS, which included requirements for dispensing hospital and clinic certification, training, adverse event reporting, documentation, and regulatory audits and monitoring conducted by the sponsor, among other conditions. REMS, such as these, can be expensive and burdensome to implement, and burdensome for hospitals, clinics, and healthcare providers to comply with. Biosimilars and Exclusivity The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”) which amended the PHSA authorized the FDA to approve biosimilars under Section 351(k) of the PHSA. Under the BPCIA, a manufacturer may apply for licensure of a biologic product that is biosimilar to or interchangeable with a previously approved biological product or reference product. For the FDA to approve a biosimilar product, it must find that it is highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the reference product and proposed biosimilar product in safety, purity or potency. A finding of interchangeability requires that a product is determined to be biosimilar to the reference product, and that the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. An application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following approval of the reference product, and it may not be approved until 12 years following approval of the reference product. These exclusivity provisions only apply to biosimilar companies and not companies that rely on their own data and file a full BLA. Moreover, this exclusivity is not without limitation. Certain changes and supplements to an approved BLA, and subsequent applications filed by the same sponsor, manufacturer, licensor, predecessor in interest, or other related entity do not qualify for the twelve-year exclusivity period. Further, the twelve-year exclusivity period in the U.S. for biologics has been controversial and may be shortened in the future. The PHSA also includes provisions to protect reference products that have patent protection. The biosimilar product sponsor and reference product sponsor may exchange certain patent and product information for the purpose of determining whether there should be a legal patent challenge. Based on the outcome of negotiations surrounding the exchanged information, the reference product sponsor may bring a patent infringement suit and injunction proceedings against the biosimilar product sponsor. The biosimilar applicant may also be able to bring an action for declaratory judgment concerning the patent. The FDA maintains a list of approved biological products, which is commonly referred to as the Purple Book. This list includes product names, the date of licensure, and any periods of regulatory exclusivity. Following the exchange of patent information between the biosimilar and reference product sponsor, the reference product sponsor must also provide the exchanged patent information and patent expiry dates to the FDA. The FDA then publishes this information in the Purple Book. ​ 24 ​ Table of Contents To increase competition in the drug and biologic product marketplace, Congress, the executive branch, and the FDA have taken certain legislative and regulatory steps. For example, the FDA finalized certain guidance documents to facilitate biologic product importation. Moreover, the 2020 Further Consolidated Appropriations Act included provisions requiring that sponsors of approved biologic products, including those subject to REMS, provide samples of the approved products to persons developing biosimilar products within specified timeframes, in sufficient quantities, and on commercially reasonable market-based terms. Failure to do so can subject the approved product sponsor to civil actions, penalties, and responsibility for attorney’s fees and costs of the civil action. This same legislation also includes provisions with respect to shared and separate REMS programs. Orphan Drug Exclusivity Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, the FDA may designate a biological product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., or more in cases in which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a biological product available in the U.S. for treatment of the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product, and where there is a medically plausible basis for the use of the drug for the rare disease or condition. Additionally, sponsors must present a plausible hypothesis for clinical superiority to obtain orphan drug designation if there is a product already approved by the FDA that is considered by the FDA to be the same as the already approved product and is intended for the same indication. This hypothesis must be demonstrated to obtain orphan exclusivity. With respect to gene therapies, the FDA has issued a specific guidance on how the agency interprets its sameness regulations. Specifically, whether two products are deemed to be the same by the FDA will depend on the products’ transgene expression, viral vectors groups and variants, and additional product features that may contribute to therapeutic effect. Minor product differences will not, generally, result in a finding that two products are different and there are some factors that the FDA will consider on a case-by-case basis. Any of the FDA sameness determinations could impact our ability to receive approval for our product candidates and to obtain or retain orphan drug exclusivity. If a product with orphan designation receives the first FDA approval, it may be granted seven years of marketing exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications for the same product for the same indication for seven years, unless clinical superiority is demonstrated. Competitors may receive approval of different products for the indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity and may obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication. Orphan drug designation does not change the FDA’s standard for product approval. Pediatric Exclusivity Under the PREA, pediatric exclusivity provides for the attachment of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity in the US, including orphan exclusivity and reference biologic exclusivity. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if the FDA issues a written request to the sponsor for the pediatric study, the sponsor submits a final study report after receipt of the written request and meets the terms and timelines in the FDA’s written request. Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy Designation The 21 st Century Cures Act became law in December 2016 and created a new program under Section 3033 in which the FDA has authority to designate a product as a RMAT. A drug is eligible for a RMAT designation if: 1) it is a regenerative medicine therapy which is a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, except those products already regulated under Section 361 of the PHSA; 2) the drug is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and 3) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such disease or condition. A RMAT designation request must be made with the submission of an IND or as an amendment to an existing IND. The FDA will determine if a product is eligible for RMAT designation within 60 days of submission. Advantages of the RMAT designation include all the benefits of the fast track and breakthrough therapy designation programs, including early interactions with the FDA. These early interactions may be used to discuss potential surrogate or intermediate endpoints to support accelerated approval. In 2019 the FDA stated in guidance that human gene therapies, including genetically modified cells, that lead to a sustained effect on cells or tissues, may meet the definition of a regenerative therapy. 25 ​ Table of Contents FDA Regulation of Companion Diagnostics and Other Combination Products We may seek to develop companion diagnostics for use in identifying patients who we believe are more likely to respond to our gene therapies. Similarly, our product candidates may require delivery devices. A biologic product may be regulated as a combination product if it is intended for use in conjunction with a medical device, such as a drug delivery device or an in vitro diagnostic device. For combination products, the biologic and device components must, when used together, be safe and effective and the product labeling must reflect their combined use. In some cases, the medical device component may require a separate premarket submission. Moreover, clinical trial sponsors using investigational devices in their studies must comply with the FDA’s investigational device exemption regulations. If the device component (e.g., in vitro diagnostic device) is not packaged with the drug component and authorized by the FDA as a combination product, or approved or cleared as a medical device, the device component must comply with the FDA general controls applicable to a medical device, including establishment registration, device listing, device labeling, unique device identifier, quality system regulation, medical device reporting, and reporting of corrections and removals requirements.  If the device component is packaged with the drug component (e.g., drug delivery device), then only certain FDA general controls applicable to a medical device will apply (assuming the manufacturer’s quality system complies with the cGMPs). If the safety or effectiveness of a biologic product is dependent on the results of a diagnostic, the FDA may require that the in vitro companion diagnostic device and biologic product be contemporaneously authorized by the FDA, with labeling that describes the use of the two products together. The type of premarket submission required for a companion diagnostic device will depend on the FDA device classification. A premarket approval (“PMA”), application is required for high-risk devices classified as Class III; a 510(k) premarket notification is generally required for moderate risk devices classified as Class II. Low risk devices classified as Class I generally do not require any FDA premarket authorization, with limited exceptions. A de novo request may be used for novel devices not previously classified by the FDA (and hence are automatically Class III) but are low or moderate risk (due to the application of special controls) and thus can be re-classified as Class II or Class I. Except in some limited circumstances, the FDA generally will not approve a biologic that is dependent upon the use of a companion diagnostic device if the device is not contemporaneously FDA-approved or -cleared. It is also possible that a diagnostic test could be considered outside the scope of the FDA’s regulatory authority if it meets the definition of a Laboratory Developed Test (“LDT”).  The FDA attempted to actively regulate all LDTs as medical devices through a final rule in April 2024, but this rule was challenged in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, which found that LDTs are not medical devices and thus not subject to the FDA’s device authority.  Nonetheless, LDTs remain subject to the regulatory requirements under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments. Post-approval Requirements Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to the FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements related to manufacturing, recordkeeping, and reporting, including adverse experience reporting, deviation reporting, shortage reporting, and periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, long term follow-up, advertising, marketing, promotion, certain electronic records and signatures, and post-approval obligations imposed as a condition of approval, such as Phase 4 clinical trials, REMS, and surveillance to assess safety and effectiveness after commercialization. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing annual program user fee requirements for approved products, excluding orphan products provided that certain criteria are met. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals, require label modifications, or request product recalls, among other actions, if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval or notification before being implemented. For example, in 2023, the FDA issued a guidance specifically on demonstrating product comparability, and the management and reporting of manufacturing changes for investigational and licensed cellular and gene therapy products. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and specifications and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 26 ​ Table of Contents In addition to the above manufacturing requirements, the FDA and the current U.S. presidential administration have taken actions to encourage the use of U.S. domestic manufacturing and supply chains.  This includes executive orders intended to facilitate and streamline the development of U.S. manufacturing, enhance the inspection of foreign manufacturing facilities, and increase foreign manufacturing facility user fees. The FDA also strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. A company can make only those advertising and promotional claims relating to a product that are consistent with the label approved by the FDA. Physicians, in their independent professional medical judgment, may prescribe legally available products for unapproved indications that are not described in the product’s labeling and that differ from those tested and that have been approved by the FDA. Biopharmaceutical companies, however, are required to promote their products only for the approved indications and in a manner that is consistent with the provisions of the approved label. Companies must also provide adequate balancing information on a product’s risks in its advertising and promotional pieces.  In 2023, the FDA took certain regulatory actions in the advertising and promotional spaces, including issuing a final rule and a guidance on risk and efficacy disclosures in direct-to-consumer advertising. At the beginning of 2025, the FDA also finalized guidance on communication of off-label scientific information about approved products. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including, but not limited to, criminal fines and civil penalties under the FDCA and False Claims Act, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, mandatory compliance programs under corporate integrity agreements, suspension and debarment from government procurement and non-procurement programs, and refusal of orders under existing government contracts. Moreover, the enacted Drug Quality and Security Act (“DQSA”), imposes obligations on sponsors of biopharmaceutical products related to product tracking and tracing. Among the requirements of this legislation, sponsors are required to provide certain information regarding the products to individuals and entities to which product ownership is transferred, are required to label products with a product identifier, and are required to keep certain records regarding the product. The transfer of information to subsequent product owners by sponsors is also required to be done electronically and allow interoperable electronic product tracing at the package level. Sponsors must also verify that purchasers of the sponsors’ products are appropriately licensed. Further, under this legislation, manufacturers have product verification responsibilities, as well as investigation, quarantine, disposition, and notification responsibilities related to counterfeit, diverted, stolen, and intentionally adulterated products that would result in serious adverse health consequences or death to humans, as well as products that are the subject of fraudulent transactions or which are otherwise unfit for distribution such that they would be reasonably likely to result in serious health consequences or death. Similar requirements are also imposed on other entities in the biopharmaceutical supply chain, including distributors and dispensers, as well as certain sponsor licensees and affiliates. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements before or after approval, may result in significant regulatory actions. Such actions may include refusal to approve pending applications, license or approval suspension or revocation, imposition of a clinical hold or termination of clinical trials, warning letters, untitled letters, cyber letters, modification of promotional materials or labeling, provision of corrective information, imposition of post-market requirements including the need for additional testing, imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS, product recalls, product seizures or detentions, refusal to allow imports or exports, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, FDA debarment, injunctions, consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, suspension and debarment from government procurement and non-procurement programs, refusal of orders under existing government contracts, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, restitution, disgorgement, civil penalties, criminal prosecution, including fines and imprisonment, and adverse publicity, among other adverse consequences. Additional Controls for Biologics To help reduce the increased risk of the introduction of adventitious agents, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing controls for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The PHSA also provides authority to the FDA to immediately suspend licenses in situations where there exists a danger to public health, to prepare or procure products in the event of shortages and critical public health needs, and to authorize the creation and enforcement of regulations to prevent the introduction or spread of communicable diseases in the U.S. and between states. 27 ​ Table of Contents After a BLA is approved, the product may also be subject to official lot release as a condition of approval. As part of the manufacturing process, the manufacturer is required to perform certain tests on each lot of the product before it is released for distribution. If the product is subject to official release by the FDA, the manufacturer submits samples of each lot of product to the FDA together with a release protocol showing the results of all the manufacturer’s tests performed on the lot. The FDA may also perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some products before releasing the lots for distribution by the manufacturer. In addition, the FDA conducts laboratory research related to the regulatory standards on the safety, purity, potency, and effectiveness of biological products. Patent Term Restoration If approved, biologic products may also be eligible for periods of U.S. patent term restoration. If an application for patent term restoration is timely filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and granted, patent term restoration extends the patent life of a single unexpired patent, that has not previously been extended, for a maximum of five years. The total patent life of the product with the extension cannot exceed fourteen years from the product’s approval date. Subject to the prior limitations, the period of the extension is calculated by factoring in half of the time from the effective date of an IND to the initial submission of a complete marketing application, all the time between the submission of the marketing application and its approval, and any period that the applicant did not act with due diligence. Anti-Kickback Provisions and other Fraud and Abuse Requirements The federal Anti-Kickback Statute (“AKS”) is a criminal statute that prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving remuneration directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs, in whole or in part. The term “remuneration” has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between biopharmaceutical industry members on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. The Beneficiary Inducement Civil Monetary Penalties Law imposes similar restrictions on interactions between the biopharmaceutical industry and federal healthcare program beneficiaries. There are certain statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors to the AKS protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce or reward prescribing, purchases, or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the AKS. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute’s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce or reward referrals of federal healthcare program business, including purchases of products paid by federal healthcare programs, the statute has been violated. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, of 2010, as amended, (the “ACA”) modified the intent requirement under the AKS to a stricter standard, such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. In addition, the ACA also provided that a violation of the AKS is grounds for the government or a whistleblower to assert that a claim for reimbursement submitted to a federal healthcare program for payment of items or services resulting from such violation constitutes a per se false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. The Department of Health and Human Services promulgated regulations in November 2020 with respect to the safe harbors that are effective in two phases. First, the regulation excludes from the definition of “remuneration” limited categories of (a) Pharmacy Benefit Manager (“PBM”) rebates or other reductions in price to a plan sponsor under Medicare Part D or a Medicaid Managed Care Organization plan reflected in point-of-sale reductions in price and (b) PBM service fees. Second, the regulation expressly provides that rebates to plan sponsors under Medicare Part D, either directly to the plan sponsor under Medicare Part D or indirectly through a PBM, will not be protected under the AKS discounts safe harbor. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) extended a moratorium on the implementation, administration or enforcement of this final rule until January 1, 2032. ​ 28 ​ Table of Contents The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government, knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government, or avoiding, decreasing, or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. A claim includes “any request or demand” for money or property presented to the U.S. government. The civil False Claims Act has been used to assert liability on the basis of kickbacks and other improper referrals, improperly reported government pricing metrics such as Best Price or Average Manufacturer Price, improper use of Medicare provider or supplier numbers when detailing a provider of services, improper promotion of off-label uses not expressly approved by the FDA in a product’s label, and allegations as to misrepresentations with respect to products, contract requirements, and services rendered. In addition, private payers have been filing follow-on lawsuits alleging fraudulent misrepresentation, although establishing liability and damages in these cases is more difficult than under the False Claims Act. Intent to deceive is not required to establish liability under the civil False Claims Act. Rather, a claim may be false for deliberate ignorance of the truth or falsity of the information provided or for acts in reckless disregard of the truth or falsity of that information. Civil False Claims Act actions may be brought by the government or may be brought by private individuals on behalf of the government, called “qui tam” actions. If the government decides to intervene in a qui tam action and prevails in the lawsuit, the individual will share in the proceeds from any damages, penalties or settlement funds. If the government declines to intervene, the individual may pursue the case alone. The civil False Claims Act provides for treble damages and a civil penalty for each false claim, such as an invoice or pharmacy claim for reimbursement, which can aggregate into tens and even hundreds of millions of dollars. For these reasons, since 2004, False Claims Act lawsuits against biopharmaceutical companies have increased significantly in volume and breadth, leading to several substantial civil and criminal settlements, as much as $3.0 billion, regarding certain sales practices and promoting off label uses. Civil False Claims Act liability may further be imposed for known Medicare or Medicaid overpayments, for example, overpayments caused by understated rebate amounts, that are not refunded within 60 days of the identification of the overpayment, even if the overpayment was not caused by a false or fraudulent act. In addition, civil judgment for violating the False Claims Act may result in exclusion from federal healthcare programs, suspension and debarment from government procurement and non-procurement programs, and refusal of orders under existing government contracts. The majority of states also have statutes similar to the AKS and civil False Claims Act, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer. The government may further prosecute conduct constituting a false claim under the criminal False Claims Act. The criminal False Claims Act prohibits the making or presenting of a claim to the government knowing such claim to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent and, unlike the civil False Claims Act, requires proof of intent to submit a false claim. The Civil Monetary Penalties Law is another potential statute under which biopharmaceutical companies may be subject to enforcement. Among other things, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes fines against any person who is determined to have knowingly presented, or caused to be presented, claims to a federal healthcare program that the person knows, or should know, is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. Payment or reimbursement of prescription therapeutics by Medicaid or Medicare requires sponsors to submit certified pricing information to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”). The Medicaid Drug Rebate statute requires sponsors to calculate and report price points, which are used to determine Medicaid manufacturer rebate payments shared between the states and the federal government and Medicaid payment rates for certain therapeutics. For therapeutics paid under Medicare Part B, sponsors must also calculate and report their Average Sales Price, which is used to determine the Medicare Part B payment rate. In addition, therapeutics covered by Medicaid are subject to an additional inflation penalty which can substantially increase rebate payments. For certain products, including those approved under a BLA (including biosimilars), the Veterans Health Care Act (the “VHCA”) requires sponsors to calculate and report to the Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”) a different price called the Non-Federal Average Manufacturer Price, which is used to determine the maximum price that can be charged to certain federal agencies, referred to as the Federal Ceiling Price (“FCP”). Like the Medicaid rebate amount, the FCP includes an inflation penalty. A Department of Defense regulation requires sponsors to provide this discount on therapeutics dispensed by retail pharmacies when paid by the TRICARE Program. All these price reporting requirements create risk of submitting false information to the government, potential False Claims Act liability and exclusion from certain of these programs. ​ ​ 29 ​ Table of Contents The VHCA also requires sponsors of covered therapeutics participating in the Medicaid program to enter into Federal Supply Schedule contracts with the VA through which their covered therapeutics must be sold to certain federal agencies at FCP. This necessitates compliance with applicable federal procurement laws and regulations, including submission of commercial sales and pricing information, and subjects companies to contractual remedies as well as administrative, civil, and criminal sanctions. In addition, the VHCA requires sponsors participating in Medicaid to agree to provide different mandatory discounts to certain Public Health Service grantees and other safety net hospitals and clinics under the 340B program based on the sponsor’s reported Medicaid pricing information. The 340B program has its own regulatory authority to impose sanctions for non-compliance, adjudicate overcharge claims against sponsors by the purchasing entities, and impose civil monetary penalties for instances of overcharging. The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, (“HIPAA”), also created federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, a healthcare benefit program, regardless of whether the payer is public or private, in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items, or services relating to healthcare matters. Additionally, the ACA amended the intent requirement of certain of these criminal statutes under HIPAA so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute, or the specific intent to violate it, to have committed a violation. In addition, as part of the ACA, the federal government enacted the Physician Payment Sunshine Act. Manufacturers of drugs, biologics and devices for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) are required to annually report to CMS certain payments and other transfers of value made to or at the request of covered recipients, which are physicians (as defined under the Social Security Act), physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified registered nurse anesthetists and certified nurse midwifes licensed in the U.S. and U.S. teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and members of their immediate family. Payments made to principal investigators and research institutions for clinical trials are also included within this law. Reported information is made publicly available by CMS. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties. If not preempted by this federal law, several states currently also require reporting of marketing and promotion expenses, as well as gifts and payments to healthcare professionals and organizations. State legislation may also prohibit gifts and various other marketing related activities or require the public posting of information. Certain states also require companies to implement compliance programs. Further, we may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, (“HITECH Act”), and their respective implementing regulations impose certain requirements on covered entities relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of certain individually identifiable health information known as protected health information. Among other things, the HITECH Act, and its implementing regulations, made HIPAA’s security standards and certain privacy standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as persons or organizations, other than members of a covered entity’s workforce, that create, receive, maintain, or transmit protected health information on behalf of a covered entity for a function or activity regulated by HIPAA. The HITECH Act also strengthened the civil and criminal sanctions that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates, and individuals, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys’ fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. HIPAA privacy rules governing disclosures of protected health information by covered entities for research purposes may apply to gene therapy studies. ​ ​ ​ ​ 30 ​ Table of Contents In addition, other federal and state laws, including state health information privacy laws, state security breach notification laws, and state consumer privacy laws (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act), may govern the privacy and security of health and other information in certain circumstances. Some states, like Washington State, have passed healthcare-specific privacy laws. For example, the My Health My Data Act became effective March 31, 2024 and restricts how entities collect, use, and process “consumer health data,” defined broadly as personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a consumer and that identifies the consumer's health status. While HIPAA-regulated entities may be exempt from this act, the exemption is based on the data collected and used rather than on the entity’s status as a HIPAA covered entity or business associate. As such, some data may be subject to this act and HIPAA, while other data may only be subject to HIPAA. State laws may be more stringent, broader in scope or offer greater individual rights with respect to health-related information or other personal information than HIPAA. Complying with these various state laws and regulations, which may differ from state to state, requires significant resources and may complicate our compliance efforts. Penalties for violation of any of these laws and regulations may include civil and/or criminal penalties. Additionally, U.S. federal and state consumer protection laws may, among other things, require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal information and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal information. Many states have also adopted laws similar to each of the above federal laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers. Certain state laws also regulate sponsors’ use of prescriber-identifiable data. Certain states also require implementation of commercial compliance programs and compliance with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance program guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments or the provision of other items of value that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; impose restrictions on marketing practices; or require sponsors to track and report information related to payments, gifts, and other items of value to physicians and other healthcare providers and entities. Recently, states have enacted or are considering legislation intended to make drug prices more transparent and deter significant price increases that impose reporting requirements on biopharmaceutical companies. These laws may affect our future sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by imposing administrative and compliance burdens. Such laws also typically impose significant civil monetary penalties for each instance of reporting noncompliance that can quickly aggregate into the tens of millions of dollars. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws or regulations described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties or other enforcement actions, including significant civil monetary penalties, damages, criminal fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, corporate integrity agreements, suspension and debarment from government procurement and non-procurement programs, refusal of orders under existing government contracts, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, to which we are subject, imposes certain recordkeeping requirements and prohibits corporations and individuals from engaging in certain activities to obtain or retain business or to influence a person working in an official capacity. It is illegal to pay, offer to pay or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 31 ​ Table of Contents Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state, and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. Third-party payers and independent non-profit healthcare research organizations such as the Institute for Clinical and Economic Review are also increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and examining the medical necessity, budget-impact, and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. If these third-party payers do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies and/or the standard of care, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, measures including prior authorization and step-throughs could be required, manufacturer rebates may be negotiated or required and/or the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. The U.S. federal and state governments and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. In this regard, for example, on November 27, 2020, CMS issued an interim final rule implementing a Most Favored Nation payment model under which reimbursement for certain Medicare Part B drugs and biologicals will be based on a price that reflects the lowest per capital Gross Domestic Product-adjusted (“GDP-adjusted”) price of any non-U.S. member country of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) with a GDP per capita that is at least sixty percent of the U.S. GDP per capita. Although this rule was subsequently rescinded, in November 2025, CMS introduced the GENEROUS Model, which is expected to launch in 2026, and which requires manufacturers to provide rebates aligned with Most Favored Nation pricing to participating state Medicaid programs that opt into the program. Further, government negotiation of certain Medicare drug pricing continues to be the focus of recent proposed legislation. The Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. Failure of the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to reach required deficit reduction goals triggered the legislation’s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2% per fiscal year. While President Biden previously signed legislation to eliminate this reduction through the end of 2021, a 1% payment adjustment was implemented from April 1 – June 30, 2022, and a 2% payment adjustment took effect beginning July 1, 2022. The IRA requires manufacturers of selected drugs to negotiate discounted prices with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Failure to reach an agreement can subject manufacturers to an excise tax or withdrawal of all drug products from coverage under Medicare and Medicaid. In addition to entering into direct agreements with manufacturers, on December 1, 2025, the U.S. entered into a trade agreement with the UK to permit tariff-free imports of pharmaceutical products in exchange for reductions in certain rebates paid by manufacturers to the UK Department of Health and Social Care. Adoption of additional healthcare reform controls and measures and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceuticals. As a result, the marketability of any product which receives regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payers choose to provide low coverage and reimbursement. In addition, an increasing emphasis on managed care in the U.S. has increased and will continue to increase the pressure on drug pricing. Decisions regarding whether to cover any of our products, the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis. Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the U.S., and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payer to payer. Coverage policies, third-party reimbursement rates and drug pricing regulation may change at any time. In particular, the ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products, including, for example, increased rebates for drugs sold to Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of sales to federal healthcare programs. Multiple other current and proposed legislative and regulatory efforts require and likely will in the future require payment of increased manufacturer rebates and implement mechanisms to reduce drug prices. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products that receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Regulation in the European Union and United Kingdom ​ The regulatory framework for medicinal products in the EU and the UK is broadly similar to that of the U.S., and many of the considerations described above apply in these jurisdictions. Pharmaceutical products in the EU and UK are also subject to national pricing and reimbursement controls. 32 ​ Table of Contents Following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU in January 2020 (“Brexit”) and the end of the transition period in December 2020, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”) became the UK’s standalone medicines regulator as of January 1, 2021. Under the Northern Ireland Protocol, different regulatory rules apply in Northern Ireland than in Great Britain, with Northern Ireland generally continuing to follow the EU regulatory regime. On January 1, 2025, the Windsor Framework came into effect to simplify the supply of medicines between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, under which EU pharmaceutical legislation does not apply in all circumstances in Northern Ireland. EU pharmaceutical legislation adopted after the end of the Brexit transition period generally does not apply in Great Britain (but may apply in Northern Ireland). Clinical Trials The Clinical Trial Regulation EU 536/2014 (“CTR”), which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC, as amended (“CTD”), on January 31, 2022, provides a system for the approval of clinical trials in the EU. The CTR is directly applicable in all member states without the need for national implementation. Applicants make a single harmonized electronic submission and have a single assessment process for clinical trials conducted in multiple member states. Furthermore, a clinical trial may only be started after a competent ethics committee has issued a favorable opinion on the Clinical Trial Application (“CTA”), which must be supported by an investigational medicinal product dossier with supporting information prescribed by the CTR and corresponding national laws of the member states and further detailed in applicable guidance documents. In the case of Advanced Therapy Investigational Medicinal Products (“ATIMPs”) consisting of or containing Genetically Modified Organisms (“GMOs”), as is the case for our products, an additional approval for the environmental and biosafety aspects of the use and release of the GMO is required by the GMO competent authorities. Unlike EU Regulations, EU Directives require national implementation and GMO Directives have been implemented in different ways by Member States; either following the Directive for “Contained use” (Directive 2009/41/EC) or “deliberate release” (Directive 2001/18/EC). As a consequence, in some EU member states the GMO application must be approved before the CTA is submitted, in some after approval of the CTA, and in some, in parallel. The sponsor of a clinical trial, or its legal representative, must be based in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). European regulators and ethics committees also require the submission of adverse event reports during a study and a copy of the final study report. Under the CTR, member states may dispense with the requirement for a legal representative for a non-EU resident sponsor provided there is a contact person based in the EEA. Under the CTR, the introduction of a new database called the Clinical Trial Information System (“CTIS”), requires sponsors to upload and submit all data, including initial clinical trial application data and documentation, to the CTIS, with such data being publicly available, with few exceptions and with limited ability to redact the documents. This means there is data transparency throughout the development process with the onus on sponsors to protect patient and commercial confidentiality at the point of submission. The CTR does not apply in the UK. Instead, the regulatory framework in relation to clinical trials is currently derived from the CTD (as implemented into UK law, through the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, as amended). However, in April 2025, new Regulations – the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) (Amendment) Regulations 2025 – were finalized that will replace the current regulatory framework for clinical trials. The new regulations aim to provide a more flexible regime to make it easier to conduct clinical trials in the UK, increase the transparency of clinical trials conducted in the UK and make clinical trials more patient centered. The new regulations will take full effect in April 2026. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 33 ​ Table of Contents Marketing approval Marketing approvals under the EU regulatory system may be obtained through a centralized or decentralized procedure. The centralized procedure results in the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid in all 27 EU member states. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, as amended, the centralized procedure is mandatory for drugs developed by means of specified biotechnological processes, and advanced therapy medicinal products as defined in Regulation (EC) No 1394/2007, as amended. Drugs for human use containing a new active substance for which the therapeutic indication is the treatment of specified diseases, including but not limited to acquired immune deficiency syndrome, neurodegenerative disorders, auto-immune diseases and other immune dysfunctions, as well as drugs designated as orphan drugs pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 141/2000, as amended, also fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Because of our focus on gene therapies, which fall within the category of advanced therapy medicinal products (“ATMPs”) and orphan indications, our products and product candidates will need to go through the centralized procedure. In the marketing authorization application (“MAA”) the applicant must properly and sufficiently demonstrate the quality, safety, and efficacy of the drug. The Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”) is the European Medicines Agency's (“EMA”) committee responsible for human medicines. Guidance on the factors that the EMA will consider in relation to the development and evaluation of ATMPs have been issued and include, among other things, the nonclinical studies required to characterize ATMPs; the manufacturing and control information that should be submitted in an MAA; and post-approval measures required to monitor patients and evaluate the long-term efficacy and potential adverse reactions of ATMPs. Although these guidelines are not legally binding, we believe that our compliance will effectively be necessary to gain and maintain approval for any of our product candidates. The maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the centralized procedure is 210 days after receipt of a valid application subject to clock stops during which the applicant deals with CHMP questions. Initially, a standard marketing authorization (“MA”) is valid for 5 years, but can be renewed for unlimited validity. The EU also provides for a system of regulatory data and market exclusivity. According to Article 14(11) of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, as amended, and Article 10 of Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended, as well as European case law and guidance, upon receiving an MA, new active substances approved on the basis of complete independent data package benefit from eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity prevents regulatory authorities in the EU from referencing the innovator’s data to assess a generic (abbreviated) application during the eight-year period from the date of notification of the MA. During the additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic marketing authorization can be submitted, and the innovator’s data may be referenced, but no generic medicinal product can be placed on the market until the expiration of the market exclusivity. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. Even if a compound is considered to be a new active substance and the innovator can gain the period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the drug if such company obtained marketing authorization based on an MAA with a complete independent data package of pharmaceutical test, preclinical tests, and clinical trials that does not reference the data within the original dossier. The EMA has also issued guidelines for a comprehensive comparability exercise for biosimilars, and for specific classes of biological products and has recently conducted a consultation on streamlining this procedure. In addition, under recently agreed revisions to the EU’s pharmaceutical legislation, the standard period of data protection will be reduced, but this may be extended if particular criteria are fulfilled. The final text of the amendments is not yet available, so it is not certain when and in what form the new legislation will be adopted or how it will impact the development of our products or the protections they may receive. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 34 ​ Table of Contents Under Regulation (EC) No 141/2000 article 3 as amended (Orphan Drug Regulation, (“ODR”)) a product can benefit from orphan drug status if it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in 10,000 people in the European Community when the application is made and there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition in question that has been authorized in the European Community or, if such method exists, that the medicinal product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. The principal benefit of such status, if confirmed at the time of marketing authorization, is 10 years’ market exclusivity once the MA is granted, during which the authorization shall not accept another application for a MA, or grant a MA or accept an application to extend an existing marketing authorization, for the same therapeutic indication, in respect of a similar medicinal product. This may be reduced to six years under certain circumstances including if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Under the above-mentioned proposed new legislation, the current 10-year period could be reduced for certain products, but may be extended by one year if certain conditions are met. ​ Additional rules apply to medicinal products for pediatric use under Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006, as amended. This includes obligations to carry out pediatric research. Potential incentives include a six-month extension of any supplementary protection certificate granted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 469/2009; however, this is not available in cases in which the relevant product is designated as an orphan medicinal product pursuant to the ODR. Instead, medicinal products designated as orphan medicinal product may enjoy an extension of the ten-year market exclusivity period granted under Regulation (EC) No 141/2000, as amended, to twelve years subject to the conditions applicable to orphan drugs. The proposed new legislation will retain the 6-month SPC extension but the current separate reward of two years market exclusivity for pediatric indications of orphan products would no longer apply. ​ The position in the UK is broadly similar, although based on UK legislation. In order to obtain a UK MA to commercialize products in the UK, an applicant must be established in the UK and must follow one of the UK national authorization procedures or one of the post-Brexit international recognition procedures. Applications are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916). While the review process and documentation are similar to the EU, the MHRA has introduced changes to national licensing procedures, including procedures to prioritize access to new medicinal products that will benefit patients, such as a 150-day assessment (subject to clock-stops) and a rolling review procedure. In addition, an international recognition procedure (“IRP”) has been in place since January 1, 2024. Pursuant to the IRP, the MHRA will take into account the expertise and decision-making of trusted regulatory partners (i.e., the regulators in Australia, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, Japan, the U.S. and the EU). The MHRA will conduct a targeted assessment of IRP applications but retain the authority to reject applications if the evidence provided is considered insufficiently robust. The IRP allows medicinal products approved by such trusted regulatory partners that meet certain criteria to undergo a fast-tracked MHRA review to obtain and/or update an MA in the UK. There are also procedures in the UK for conditional approvals or approvals under exceptional circumstances that are similar to the procedures in the EU. ​ Regulatory data and market exclusivity operate in broadly the same way as in the EU. However, there is no pre-MA orphan designation in the UK. Instead, the MHRA reviews applications for orphan designation in parallel to the corresponding MA application. The criteria are essentially the same, but have been tailored for the market, i.e., the prevalence of the condition in the UK, rather than the EU, must not be more than five in 10,000. Should an orphan designation be granted, the period or market exclusivity will be set from the date of first approval of the product in the UK. Once finalized, the changes to the framework in the EU will not apply in the UK, although may apply to certain products, depending on what basis they are placed on the market in the UK. ​ In addition, the UK has announced its intention to introduce a new regulatory pathway for orphan medicinal products to make it quicker and easier to get these therapies tested, manufactured and approved in the UK. Consultation on this framework will take place in 2026. ​ Programs to expedite authorization in the EU and UK ​ In the EU, there is the possibility to obtain approval via an accelerated assessment whereby, on request, the CHMP can reduce the timeframe to 150 days if the applicant provides sufficient justification for an accelerated assessment by demonstrating that the medicinal product is expected to be of major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. ​ 35 ​ Table of Contents Market access can also be expedited through various mechanisms, including the grant of conditional authorization on the basis of less comprehensive data for a medicine that may fulfil unmet needs, and which may be granted provided that the benefit-risk balance of the product is positive. The benefit-risk balance is likely to be positive if the applicant can provide data that the benefit to public health of the medicinal product's immediate availability on the market outweighs the risks due to need for further data. Such authorizations are valid for one year and can be renewed annually. The holder will be required to complete specific obligations (ongoing or new studies, and in some cases additional activities) with a view to providing comprehensive data confirming that the benefit-risk balance is positive. Once comprehensive data on the product have been obtained, the conditional authorization may be converted into a standard MA (not subject to specific obligations). As noted above, a standard MA is initially valid for 5 years, but can be renewed for unlimited validity. Applicants for conditional authorizations can benefit from early dialogue with CHMP through scientific advice or protocol assistance and discuss their development plan well in advance of the submission of an MAA. Other stakeholders (e.g., health technology assessment bodies) can be included. In addition, the priority medicines (“PRIME”) scheme for medicines that may offer a major therapeutic advantage over existing treatments, or benefit patients without treatment options based on early clinical data, is intended to support the development of medicines that target an unmet medical need. This voluntary scheme is based on enhanced interaction and early dialogue with developers of promising medicines, to optimize development plans and speed up evaluation so these medicines can reach patients earlier. Early dialogue and scientific advice also ensure that patients only participate in trials designed to provide the data necessary for an application, making the best use of limited resources. ​ MHRA has also introduced procedures to prioritize access to new medicinal products that will benefit patients, such as an expedited 150-day assessment (subject to clock-stops) and a rolling review procedure. Further, similar to the position in the EU, the MHRA offers a national conditional marketing authorization scheme for new medicinal products that is available where comprehensive clinical data are not yet complete, but it is judged that such data will become available soon. The criteria is similar to the position in the EU, and a conditional MA will be initially valid for one year and will be renewable annually. ​ There are also various schemes and pilots that are aimed at joining up the various steps in the authorization and access pathway in the UK, such as the Innovative Licensing and Access Pathway (“ILAP”) that provides coordinated advice from the MHRA, reimbursement authorities and the national healthcare system to try to speed up the time for authorized products to be accessed by patients. Similarly, there are frameworks to provide patients with life-threatening or seriously debilitating conditions access to promising new medicines before they receive an MA, such as the Early Access to Medicines Scheme (“EAMS”). Each of these schemes have different access criteria and requirements to be met, but are aimed at speeding up development and access to innovative products. ​ Manufacturing and promotion ​ Pursuant to European Commission Directive 2003/94/EC as transposed into the national laws of the member states, the manufacturing of investigational medicinal products and approved drugs is subject to a separate manufacturer’s license and must be conducted in strict compliance with cGMP requirements, which mandate the methods, facilities, and controls used in manufacturing, processing, and packing of drugs to assure their quality, safety and identity. Manufacturers must have at least one qualified person permanently and continuously at their disposal. The qualified person is ultimately responsible for certifying that each batch of finished product released onto the market has been manufactured in accordance with cGMP and the specifications set out in the marketing authorization or investigational medicinal product dossier. cGMP requirements are enforced through mandatory registration of facilities and inspections of those facilities. Failure to comply with these requirements could interrupt supply and result in delays, unanticipated costs, and lost revenues, and subject the applicant to potential legal or regulatory action, including but not limited to warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctive action, or possible civil and criminal penalties. The same principles apply in the UK. ​ Advertising ​ In the EU, the promotion of prescription medicines is subject to intense regulation and control, including a prohibition on direct-to-consumer advertising. All medicines advertising must be consistent with the product’s approved summary of products characteristics, and be factual, accurate, balanced and not misleading. Advertising of medicines pre-approval or off-label is prohibited. Some jurisdictions require that all promotional materials for prescription medicines be subjected to either prior internal or regulatory review and approval. The same principles apply in the UK. 36 ​ Table of Contents Other Regulatory Requirements ​ A holder of a MA for a medicinal product is legally obliged to fulfill several obligations by virtue of its status as a marketing authorization holder (“MAH”). The MAH can delegate the performance of related tasks to third parties, such as distributors or marketing collaborators, provided that this delegation is appropriately documented and the MAH maintains legal responsibility and liability. The obligations of an MAH in the EU and the UK include: ● Manufacturing and Batch Release. MAHs should guarantee that all manufacturing operations comply with relevant laws and regulations, applicable GMP, with the product specifications and manufacturing conditions set out in the marketing authorization and that each batch of product is subject to appropriate release formalities. ● Pharmacovigilance. MAHs are obliged to establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system, including a qualified person responsible for oversight, to submit safety reports to the regulators and comply with the good pharmacovigilance practice guidelines adopted by the EMA (as adapted by the MHRA in the UK). ● Advertising and Promotion. MAHs remain responsible for all advertising and promotion of their products, including promotional activities by other companies or individuals on their behalf and in some cases, must conduct internal or regulatory pre-approval of promotional materials. ● Medical Affairs/Scientific Service. MAHs are required to establish a scientific service that can disseminate scientific and medical information on their medicinal products to healthcare professionals, regulators, and patients. ● Legal Representation and Distributor Issues. MAHs are responsible for regulatory actions or inactions of their distributors and agents. ● Preparation, Filing and Maintenance of the Application and Subsequent Marketing Authorization. MAHs must maintain appropriate records, comply with the MA’s terms and conditions, fulfill reporting obligations to regulators, submit renewal applications and pay all appropriate fees to the authorities. We may hold any future marketing authorizations granted for our product candidates in our own name or appoint an affiliate or a collaborator to hold MAs on our behalf. Any failure by an MAH to comply with these obligations may result in regulatory action against an MAH and ultimately threaten our ability to commercialize our products. Reimbursement In the EU and the UK, the pricing and reimbursement mechanisms by private and public health insurers vary largely by country and even within countries. In respect of the public systems, reimbursement for standard drugs is determined by guidelines established by the legislature or responsible national authority. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. Other member states allow companies to determine the prices for their medicines but monitor and control company profits and may limit or restrict reimbursement and can include retrospective rebates to the government. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products and some of EU countries and the UK require the completion of studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. Special pricing and reimbursement rules may apply to orphan drugs. ​ ​ ​ 37 ​ Table of Contents Inclusion of orphan drugs in reimbursement systems tend to focus on the medical usefulness, need, quality and economic benefits to patients and the healthcare system as for any drug. Acceptance of any medicinal product for reimbursement may come with cost, use and often volume restrictions, which again can vary by country. In addition, results-based rules or agreements on reimbursement may apply. Recently, in the EU, a process has been formalized that allows sponsors to receive parallel advice from EMA and relevant national health technology assessment (“HTA”) bodies for pivotal clinical studies designed to support marketing approval. This process was followed for etranacogene dezaparvovec. EU Regulation (EU) 2021/2282 also creates a framework for the joint clinical assessment of products where that assessment can be used for national pricing and reimbursement decisions. Orphan Drug Regulation We have been granted orphan drug exclusivity for AMT-130 for the treatment of Huntington’s disease subject to the conditions applicable to orphan drug exclusivity in the EU. No pre-marketing authorization orphan designation step is required in the UK, but similar criteria will apply at the time of MA. The ODR states that a drug will be designated as an orphan drug if its sponsor can establish: · that it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in ten thousand persons in the community when the application is made, or that it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition in the EU and that without incentives it is unlikely that the marketing of the drug in the EU would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment; and · that there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition in question that has been authorized in the EU or, if such method exists, that the drug will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. ​ Regulation (EC) No 847/2000 sets out further provisions for implementation of the criteria for designation of a drug as an orphan drug. An application for the designation of a drug as an orphan drug must be submitted at any stage of development of the drug before filing of an MAA and the criteria are also reassessed at the time of marketing authorization. ​ If an EU-wide community marketing authorization in respect of an orphan drug is granted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, as amended, the EU and the member states will not, for a period of 10 years, accept another MAA, or grant a MA or accept an application to extend an existing MA, for the same therapeutic indication, in respect of a similar drug. Similar orphan exclusivity will be available in the UK if relevant criteria are met at the time of MA. ​ This period may however be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established, in respect of the drug concerned, that the criteria for orphan drug designation are no longer met, in other words, when it is shown on the basis of available evidence that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a MA may be granted, for the same therapeutic indication, to a similar drug if: ● the holder of the MA for the original orphan drug has given its consent to the second applicant; ● the holder of the MA for the original orphan drug is unable to supply sufficient quantities of the drug; or ● the second applicant can establish in the application that the second drug, although similar to the orphan drug already authorized, is safer, more effective, or otherwise clinically superior. Regulation (EC) No 847/2000 sets forth definitions of the concepts of similar drug and clinical superiority, which concepts have been expanded upon in subsequent European Commission guidance and case law. Other incentives available to orphan drugs in the EU include financial incentives such as a reduction of fees or fee waivers and protocol assistance. Orphan drug designation does not shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. As described above, the above proposed legislation would, if implemented, impact orphan protection in the EU in the future. ​ 38 ​ Table of Contents Human Capital Resources ​ As of December 31, 2025, we had a total of 221 employees, 126 of whom are based in The Netherlands, 83 in the U.S. and 12 in other European countries. The split of employees between operations, clinical development, pre-clinical and technology and selling, general and administrative functions are included below: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ December 31, ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 Operations ​ ​ 57 ​ ​ 66 Clinical development ​ ​ 40 ​ ​ 44 Pre-clinical development and technology ​ ​ 35 ​ ​ 38 Selling, general and administrative ​ ​ 89 ​ ​ 61 Total ​ ​ 221 ​ ​ 209 ​ As of December 31, 2025, 72 of our employees had an M.D. or Ph.D. degree, or the foreign equivalent. During 2017, we established a Works Council in the Netherlands. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements or other labor organizations. We believe that we have good relations with all our employees and with the Works Council in the Netherlands. We pride ourselves on our dedication to teamwork and uphold values that are: ● Passionate - Why we are here. We are driven by a deep passion for making a difference in patients’ lives, channeling our energy and commitment into every project and celebrating the impact of our work together; ● Tenacious - How we move forward. We push through challenges with grit, focus, and heart, relentlessly pursuing continuous improvement and scientific breakthroughs. We never give up — because patients are counting on us; ● Honorable - How we behave. We build trust with each other, and the wider patient community we serve, through honesty, integrity, and support for one another. By acting with respect and compassion, we create a foundation for lasting success; and, ● Exceptional - What we deliver. We give our best in everything we do, setting ambitious goals and holding ourselves to the highest standards. Our patients deserve nothing less. Our people are a critical component in our continued success. We strive to maximize the potential of our human capital resources by creating a respectful, rewarding and inclusive work environment that enables our employees to further our values. Development of our culture is reflected as part of our annual corporate goals. We invest in numerous learning opportunities focused on individual, management and team development and other initiatives to support our employees and build our culture. ​ Additional Information ​ uniQure B.V. was incorporated on January 9, 2012 as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under the laws of the Netherlands. We are a leader in the field of gene therapy and seek to deliver to patients suffering from rare and other devastating diseases single treatments with potentially curative results. Our business was founded in 1998 and was initially operated through our predecessor company, Amsterdam Molecular Therapeutics Holding N.V (“AMT”). In 2012, AMT undertook a corporate reorganization, pursuant to which uniQure B.V. acquired the entire business and assets of AMT and completed a share-for-share exchange with the shareholders of AMT. Effective February 10, 2014, in connection with the initial public offering, we converted into a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) and changed its legal name from uniQure B.V. to uniQure N.V. (the “Company”). ​ We are registered in the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 54385229. Our headquarters are in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its registered office is located at Paasheuvelweg 25, Amsterdam 1105 BP, the Netherlands and its telephone number is +31 20 240 6000. ​ 39 ​ Table of Contents Our website address is www.uniqure.com. We make available, free of charge, through our investor website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements for our meetings of shareholders, and any amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding uniQure and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. ​ We currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, or our investor relations website (uniqure.com/investors-media). Also available through our website’s “Investors & Newsroom: Corporate Governance” page are charters for the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees of our board of directors (the “Board”), along with a copy of our Code of Conduct, available at uniqure.com/investors-media/corporate-governance. The information on our website is not part of, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filings with the SEC. ​

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, and other parties with whom we have relationships to behave ethically and within the requirements of the law. The failure of any employee or other such third parties to act within the bounds of the applicable laws, regulations, agreements, codes and other requirements, or any misconduct or illegal actions or omissions by such persons, could materially damage our business. The costs associated with an alleged or actual violation of any of the foregoing could be substantial and could cause irreparable harm to our reputation or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 76 ​ Table of Contents We are subject to laws governing data protection and artificial intelligence (“AI”) in the different jurisdictions in which we operate. The implementation of compliance programs relative to such data protection and AI regulatory regimes is complex, and should we fail to fully comply, we may be subject to penalties that may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Many national, international, and state laws govern the privacy and security of health information and other personal and private information, and use of AI models and AI systems. They often differ from each other in significant ways. For instance, the EU has adopted a comprehensive data protection law called the EU General Data Protection Regulation that took effect in May 2018. The UK has, following its exit from the EU, substantially adopted the EU General Data Protection Regulation into its domestic law through the UK General Data Protection Regulation (collectively with the EU General Data Protection Regulation, and related EU, Swiss, and UK data protection and e-Privacy laws, the “GDPR”). The GDPR, together with the national legislation of Switzerland, the UK (including the Data Protection Act 2018) and EU member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, analyze and transfer personal information, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. GDPR obligations applicable to us may include, in many circumstances, obtaining the (opt-in) consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates; providing GDPR-prescribed data processing notices to individuals; complying with restrictions regarding the transfer of personal data out of the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK (including to the US); implementing and maintaining data protection policies and procedures; restrictions regarding the use of certain innovative technologies; providing data security breach notifications to supervisory authorities and affected individuals under tight timescales; and implementing security and confidentiality measures. Supervisory authorities in the different European states may interpret the GDPR and national laws differently and impose additional requirements. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise revised. All of this adds to the complexity of processing personal information and remaining compliant with the GDPR. The GDPR allows European supervisory authorities to impose fines for non-compliance of up to the greater of EUR 20.0 million and 4% of annual worldwide gross revenue of the corporate group in question. Supervisory authorities in the European Economic Area and UK may potentially levy such fines directly upon the non-compliant entity and/or upon the parent company of the non-compliant entity. Supervisory authorities also possess other wide-ranging powers, including conducting unannounced inspections of our facilities and system (so-called “dawn raids”), and issuing “stop processing” orders to us. Separate from regulatory enforcement actions, individuals may bring private actions (including potentially group or representative actions) against us. There is no statutory cap in the GDPR on the amount of compensation or the damages which individuals may recover. The EU AI Act, the world’s first comprehensive AI-focused legislation, came into effect (in part) in 2025. With respect to companies subject to the AI Act, the Act imposes prohibitions and materials restrictions with respect to the development, offering, and use of “general-purpose AI models” and “AI systems”. Like under the GDPR, supervisory authorities in the European Economic Area may levy substantial penalties with respect to non-compliance with the EU AI Act directly upon the non-compliant entity and/or upon the parent company of the non-compliant entity. Overall, the significant costs of GDPR and EU AI Act compliance, risk of regulatory enforcement actions and/or private litigation under, and other burdens imposed by the GDPR and the EU AI Act as well as under other regulatory schemes throughout the world related to privacy and security of health information and other personal and private data  and AI could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may also be subject to additional industry-specific privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, operational and information systems resilience, and AI-related laws in Europe which may subject us to additional similar risks and impacts. Product liability lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of our therapies. We face an inherent risk of product liability related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and in connection with the manufacture and/or sales of approved products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products or the procedures used to administer them to patients caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: ● decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we develop or sell; 77 ​ Table of Contents ● injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; ● negative publicity or public opinion surrounding gene therapy; ● withdrawal of clinical trial participants or sites, or discontinuation of development programs; ● significant costs to defend the related litigation; ● substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; ● loss of revenue; ● initiation of investigations, and enforcement actions by regulators; ● product recalls, withdrawals, revocation of approvals, or labeling, marketing, or promotional restrictions; ● diversion of resources of our management from pursuing our business strategy; and, ● the inability to further develop or commercialize any products that we develop. Depending upon the country where the clinical trial is conducted, we currently hold coverages ranging from EUR 500,000 to EUR 5,000,000 per occurrence. Such coverage may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may need to increase our insurance coverage as we expand our clinical trials. In addition, insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. In the event insurance coverage is insufficient to cover liabilities that we may incur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our financial operations. Our industry is highly regulated and changes in law may adversely impact our business, operations, or financial results. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the “PPACA”), is a sweeping measure intended to, among other things, expand healthcare coverage within the U.S., primarily through the imposition of health insurance mandates on employers and individuals and expansion of the Medicaid program. Several provisions of the law may affect us and increase certain of our costs. In addition, other legislative changes have been adopted since the PPACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions in Medicare payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013, Congress subsequently has extended the period over which these reductions are in effect. While President Biden previously signed legislation temporarily to eliminate this reduction through the end of 2021, a 1% payment adjustment was implemented from April 1 – June 30, 2022, and a 2% payment adjustment took effect beginning July 1, 2022. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers and, accordingly, our financial operations. ​ ​ ​ ​ 78 ​ Table of Contents We anticipate that the PPACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on pricing and the reimbursement our customers may receive for our products, and increased manufacturer rebates. Further, there have been, and there may continue to be, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. For example, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Affordable Care Act on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the “individual mandate”. Additional legislative and regulatory changes to the PPACA, its implementing regulations and guidance and its policies, remain possible. However, it remains unclear how any new legislation or regulation might affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which regulatory approval is obtained. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to penetrate markets outside of the U.S. and Europe where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. Our future profitability may depend, in part, on our ability to commercialize current or future drug candidates in foreign markets for which we may rely on collaborations with third parties. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our drug candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the applicable regulatory authority in that foreign market. To obtain separate regulatory approval in many other jurisdictions we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such jurisdictions regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturer designated by CSL Behring. In addition, in July 2024, as part of the closing of the asset purchase agreement among our affiliates, uniQure Inc. and uniQure biopharma B.V. (“uniQure biopharma”), and Genezen Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary Genezen MA, Inc. (together “Genezen”) to sell certain assets and assume certain liabilities related to our former manufacturing facility and operations in Lexington, Massachusetts (the “Lexington Transaction”), we transferred the manufacturing and supply activities to Genezen such that Genezen manufactures and supplies CSL Behring’s commercial demand for HEMGENIX on our behalf. New Technology Development ​ We are seeking to develop next-generation technologies with the goal of further improving the potential of AAV-based gene therapies to treat patients suffering from debilitating diseases. We are focused on innovative technologies across each of the key components of an AAV-based gene therapy, including: (i) the capsid, or the outer viral protein shell that encloses the target deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”); (ii) the cargo, including the transgene or therapeutic gene, and promoters, or the DNA sequence that drives or regulates the expression of the transgene; and (iii) administration techniques. We dedicate significant effort to designing and screening novel AAV capsids with the potential for (i) higher biological potency; (ii) improved biodistribution including greater cell transduction and increased cellular specificity; (iii) enhanced safety; and (iv) manufacturing efficiency. We believe we have significant expertise in vector engineering and have created promising genetically engineered capsids using both rational and directed evolution approaches. 14 ​ Table of Contents We have also demonstrated the ability to deliver engineered DNA constructs that can silence or suppress disease-causing genes. Our miQURE gene silencing platform, based on exclusively licensed technology from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (“CSHL”), is designed to degrade mutated genes without producing a “passenger strand” thereby mitigating potential off-target toxicity and induce silencing of the mutated gene in the entire target organ through secondary exosome-mediated delivery. miQURE-based gene therapy candidates, such as AMT-130, incorporate proprietary, therapeutic miRNA constructs that can be delivered using AAVs to potentially provide long-lasting activity. Preclinical studies of miQURE-based gene therapies have demonstrated several important advantages, including enhanced tissue-specificity, improved nuclear and cytoplasmic gene lowering and no off-target effects associated with impact to the cellular miRNA or messenger RNA transcriptome. The existing miQURE gene silencing strategy was expanded by linking several miRNA molecules in a single construct, resulting in the new linQURE platform. ​ Our Intellectual Property ​ We strive to protect the proprietary technologies that we believe are important to our business, including by seeking and maintaining patent protection in the U.S., Europe, and other jurisdictions for novel components of our gene therapies, the chemistries of and processes for manufacturing these gene therapies, the use of these components in gene therapies, our technology platform, and other inventions and technology. To the extent applicable, we also rely on trade secrets, know-how protection measures and monitoring of our proprietary information to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. ​ We expect that our probability of success will be enhanced by our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for commercially important technology, inventions and know-how related to our business, defend and enforce our patents, maintain our licenses to use intellectual property owned by third parties, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets and operate without infringing the valid and enforceable patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in the field of AAV-based gene therapies. ​ In some cases, we are dependent on the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to develop and commercialize our products. We must obtain licenses from such third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or our business could be harmed, possibly materially. For example, we license from third parties essential parts of the therapeutic gene cassettes as well as the principal AAV vectors we use and key elements of our manufacturing process. We anticipate that we will require licenses to additional technology in the future. ​ Because most patent applications throughout the world are confidential for 18 months after the earliest claimed priority date, and since the publication of discoveries in scientific and patent literature often lags actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that we were the first to invent or file applications for the inventions covered by our pending patent applications. Moreover, we may have to participate in post-grant proceedings in the patent offices of the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions, such as oppositions, reexaminations, or interferences, in which the patentability or priority of our inventions are challenged. Such proceedings could result in substantial cost, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, please see

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials shortages and other supply chain challenges, raw material failures, limited control over pricing of raw materials, growth media failures, equipment malfunctions, costs associated with servicing real property lease and other contractual obligations, facility contamination, labor problems, natural disasters, disruption in utility services, public health crises, terrorist activities, war or cases of force majeure and other events beyond our control. We or our third-party manufacturers also may encounter problems in hiring and retaining the experienced and specialized personnel needed to evaluate and supervise manufacturing and quality operations and, in the case of our contract manufacturers, operate manufacturing facilities, processes and testing, which could result in delays in our production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Genezen may experience the same personnel-related challenges resulting in the same delays and compliance issues. 63 ​ Table of Contents Prior to the Lexington Transaction, we manufactured HEMGENIX at a manufacturing facility in Lexington, Massachusetts (the “Lexington Facility”), which is optimized to meet HEMGENIX product specifications and the commercial manufacturing and supply obligations under our collaboration with CSL Behring. Following the Lexington Transaction, Genezen is responsible for the manufacturing and supply of HEMGENIX at the Lexington Facility, though we remain contractually obligated to CSL Behring consistent with the terms of our development and commercial supply agreement with CSL Behring. While we have priority and preferential status with Genezen, Genezen may not have sufficient capacity to support our other development programs or those of its other customers, which may negatively impact our business and ability to advance development goals unrelated to HEMGENIX and our obligations to CSL Behring. The manufacturing of HEMGENIX pursuant to our obligations under the CSL Behring Agreement is expensive and requires the dedication of significant resources, notwithstanding the Lexington Transaction and our subcontracting to Genezen. In September 2022, CSL Behring notified us of its intent to transfer manufacturing technology related to HEMGENIX to a third-party contract manufacturer designated by CSL Behring. Until CSL Behring completes the transfer of manufacturing technology to this new manufacturer, and until such manufacturer is able to demonstrate that it is capable of supporting the commercial requirements of HEMGENIX sufficient for regulatory approval, we will continue to incur significant costs associated with the manufacturing and supply of HEMGENIX through our contractual relationship with Genezen. Should Genezen encounter a manufacturing issue or if Genezen is unable to provide a sufficient supply of HEMGENIX consistent with agreed-upon forecasting mechanisms, we may be unable to fulfil our contractual commitments to CSL Behring and may, thus, face contractual liabilities. Following the Lexington Transaction, Genezen may experience challenges in adapting the Lexington Facility to meet the manufacturing and supply needs for products other than HEMGENIX as a result of capacity and resource constraints, or its inability to adapt to new manufacturing processes, among other challenges. Any problems or limitations with respect to our manufacturing processes or facilities, including the existing commercial supply and manufacturing obligations to CSL Behring, could make us a less attractive collaborator for academic research institutions and other parties, which could limit our access to additional attractive development programs or sources of capital, result in delays in our clinical development or marketing schedules and materially harm our business. The manufacturing of our products and product candidates is subject to significant government regulations and approvals. We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily or may fail to comply with these regulations or maintain these approvals. The manufacturing of our products and product candidates is subject to significant government regulation. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of our preclinical study and planned clinical trial materials and, therefore, we can control only certain aspects of their activities. Following the Lexington Transaction, we rely on Genezen for the production of HEMGENIX and will have preferential access to the Lexington Facility for the production of materials related to AMT-130 and AMT-191 programs under separately negotiated development and supply arrangements. The facilities used by Genezen and our other contract manufacturers are subject to FDA inspections and by other authorities, including after we submit a BLA. We are completely dependent on Genezen and our other contract manufacturers to execute on our manufacturing processes for HEMGENIX and other product candidates and for compliance with cGMP requirements. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or other regulatory bodies, we will not be able to obtain and/or maintain regulatory approval for our products manufactured by third parties. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative third-party manufacturers, which may not be available and which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. With the exception of AMT-260 and AMT-162 and prior to the Lexington Transaction, we produced our gene therapies at the Lexington Facility using our proprietary manufacturing processes. The Lexington Facility and any other manufacturing facility is and will continue to be subject to ongoing regulation and periodic inspection by the FDA, EU member state, and other regulatory bodies to ensure compliance with cGMP and other requirements. Any failure to follow and document our adherence to such cGMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for commercial sale or clinical study, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical study, or may delay or prevent filing or approval of marketing applications for our products. 64 ​ Table of Contents Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in the FDA, EU member state, MHRA or other applicable authorities taking various actions, including: ● making inspectional findings and taking enforcement actions or levying fines and other civil penalties; ● imposing consent decrees or injunctions; ● requiring us to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, or conduct new or additional trials; ● suspending or withdrawing regulatory approvals; ● delaying or refusing to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications; ● requiring us to suspend manufacturing activities or product sales, imports or exports; ● requiring us to communicate with physicians and other customers about concerns related to actual or potential safety, efficacy, and other issues involving our products; ● mandating or recommending product recalls or seizing products; ● imposing operating restrictions; or ● seeking criminal prosecutions, among other outcomes. Poor control of production processes can also lead to the introduction of adventitious agents or other contaminants, or to inadvertent changes in the properties or stability of a product candidate that may not be detectable in final product testing and that could have an adverse effect on clinical studies, or patient safety or efficacy. Moreover, if the Lexington Facility or the manufacturing facilities of any other third-party manufacturer we may engage is not able to meet regulatory requirements, we or they may need to implement costly and time-consuming remedial actions. Any of the foregoing could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, if we, Genezen or our other third-party manufacturers are not able to manufacture a sufficient amount of our product candidates for clinical studies or eventual commercialization, or if Genezen is unable to satisfy our manufacturing and supply obligations to CSL Behring, our development programs and commercial prospects will be harmed. If Genezen cannot produce an adequate amount of our drug substance and product in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements, we may need to contract with another third party to do so, and there is no guarantee that such third-party manufacturers will be available to us and able to manufacture on favorable terms or at all. The addition of a new manufacturer may also require FDA, EMA, EU member state, MHRA and other regulatory authority approvals, which we may not be able to obtain. Our use of viruses, chemicals and other potentially hazardous materials requires us and our contract manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and exposes us to significant potential liabilities. Our development and manufacturing processes and those of our third-party contract manufacturers involve the use of viruses, chemicals, other potentially hazardous materials and produce waste products. Accordingly, we and our third-party manufacturers are subject to national, federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the U.S., the UK, and the EU governing the use, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment, and disposal of these materials. In addition to ensuring the safe handling of these materials, these laws and regulations impose increased safeguards and security measures for many of these agents, including controlling access and screening of entities and personnel who have access to them, and establishing a comprehensive national database of registered entities. In the event of an accident or failure to comply with environmental, occupational health and safety and export control laws and regulations, we or our third-party contract manufacturers could be held liable for damages that result, and any such liability could exceed our assets and resources, and could result in material harm to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 65 ​ Table of Contents Our business may be adversely affected if we or third-party manufacturers are unable to validate our manufacturing processes and methods or develop new processes and methods to meet our product supply needs and obligations. The manufacture of our AAV gene therapies is complex and requires significant expertise. Even with the relevant experience and expertise, manufacturers of gene therapy products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling out and validating initial production and ensuring that the product meets required specifications. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability and potency of the product, quality assurance testing, instances of operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state, and foreign regulations. In the past and prior to the Lexington Transaction, we have manufactured certain batches of product candidates intended for nonclinical, clinical and process validation purposes that have not met all our pre-specified quality parameters. To meet our expected future production needs and our regulatory filing timelines for gene therapy product candidates, Genezen will need to complete the validation of our manufacturing processes and methods for each program, including AMT-130, and we may need to develop and validate new or larger scale manufacturing processes and methods to meet our needs. If Genezen or any other third-party manufacturer we engage is unable to consistently manufacture our gene therapy product candidates or any approved products in accordance with our pre-specified quality parameters and applicable regulatory standards, it could adversely impact our ability to validate our manufacturing processes and methods, to meet our production needs, to timely file a BLA or other regulatory submissions, to develop our other proprietary programs, to conserve our cash, or to receive financial payments pursuant to our agreements with third parties. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct, supervise, and monitor our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines in the conduct and completion of such trials or failing to comply with regulatory requirements. We rely on third parties, study sites, and others to conduct, supervise, manufacture materials for and monitor our preclinical and clinical trials for our product candidates and do not currently plan to independently conduct clinical or preclinical trials of any other potential product candidates. We expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical and scientific institutions, and clinical and preclinical investigators, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. While we have agreements governing the activities of such third parties, we have limited influence and control over their actual performance and activities. For instance, our third-party service providers are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical, nonclinical, and preclinical programs. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our trials may be repeated, extended, delayed, or terminated, we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates, or we or they may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. To the extent we are unable to successfully identify and manage the performance of third-party service providers in the future, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our third-party service providers may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting trials or other therapeutic development activities that could harm our competitive position. ​ ​ ​ ​ 66 ​ Table of Contents Our reliance on these third parties for development activities reduces our control over these activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial and well as the approval from the relevant regulatory authority. We must also ensure that our preclinical trials are conducted in accordance with Good Laboratory Practices, as appropriate. Moreover, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities require us to comply with cGCPs for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Regulatory authorities enforce these requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, clinical and preclinical investigators, and trial sites. If we or any of our third-party service providers fail to comply with applicable cGCPs or other regulatory requirements, we or they may be subject to enforcement or other legal actions, the data generated in our trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional studies. In addition, we will be required to report on certain financial interests of our third-party investigators if these relationships exceed certain financial thresholds or meet other criteria. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may question the integrity of the data from those clinical trials conducted by investigators who may have conflicts of interest. We cannot assure that, upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our trials complies with the applicable regulatory requirements. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates that were produced under GMP conditions. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We also are required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of certain completed clinical trials on government-sponsored databases, including ClinicalTrials.gov, within specified timeframes. Failure to do so can result in enforcement actions and adverse publicity. Agreements with third parties conducting or otherwise assisting with our clinical or preclinical studies might terminate for a variety of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative providers or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional third parties involves additional costs and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a result, if we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it could delay our product development activities and adversely affect our business. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects, and results of operations. We also rely on other third parties to store and distribute our products for the clinical and preclinical trials that we conduct. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay the development, marketing approval, or commercialization of our product candidates, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. We rely on third parties for important aspects of our development programs. If these parties do not perform successfully or if we are unable to enter into or maintain key collaborations or other contractual arrangements, our business could be adversely affected. We have in the past entered into, and expect in the future to enter into, collaborations with other companies and academic research institutions with respect to important elements of our business development strategy or existing development programs. Any collaboration we enter into may pose risks, including the following: ● collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; ● we may have limited or no control over the design or conduct of clinical trials sponsored by collaborators; ● we may be hampered from entering into collaboration arrangements if we are unable to obtain consent from our licensors to enter into sublicensing arrangements of technology we have in-licensed; ● if any collaborator does not conduct the clinical trials they sponsor in accordance with regulatory requirements or stated protocols, we will not be able to rely on the data produced in such trials in our further development efforts; 67 ​ Table of Contents ● collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; ● collaborators may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors; ● collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators’ strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; ● collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial, or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; ● collaborators could develop, independently or with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product candidates, if, for instance, the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; ● our collaboration arrangements may impose restrictions on our ability to undertake other development efforts that may appear to be attractive to us; ● product candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; ● a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights that achieves regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; ● disagreements with collaborators, including over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, could cause delays or termination of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates, lead to additional responsibilities for us, delay or impede reimbursement of certain expenses or result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; ● collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our rights or expose us to potential litigation; ● collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; and, ● collaborations may in some cases be terminated for the convenience of the collaborator and, if terminated, we could be required to expend additional funds to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product or product candidates. If any collaboration does not result in the successful research, development and commercialization of products or if a collaborator were to terminate an agreement with us, we may not receive future research funding or milestone or royalty payments under that collaboration, and we may lose access to important technologies and capabilities from the collaboration. All the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described herein also apply to the activities of any development collaborators. 68 ​ Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We rely on licenses of intellectual property from third parties, and such licenses may not provide adequate rights, may be open to multiple interpretations or may not be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and our licensors may be unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for the technology or products that we license from them. We currently are heavily reliant upon licenses of proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our technology and products, including technology related to our manufacturing process, our vector platform, our gene cassettes, and the therapeutic genes of interest we are using. These and other licenses may not provide adequate rights to use such technology in all relevant fields of use. Licenses to additional third-party technology that may be required for our development programs may not be available in the future or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In some circumstances, we may not have the right, or have otherwise given up the right, to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we own or license from third parties. In addition, some of our agreements with our licensors require us to obtain consent from the licensor before we can enforce patent rights, and our licensor may withhold such consent or may not provide it on a timely basis. Therefore, we cannot be certain that these patents and applications will be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business which may materially impact any revenue that may be due to us in connection with such patents. In addition, if third parties who license patents to us fail to maintain such patents, or lose rights to those patents, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated. Our intellectual property licenses with third parties may be subject to disagreements over contract interpretation, which could narrow the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase our financial or other obligations to our licensors. The agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If we fail to comply with our obligations in our intellectual property licenses with third parties, we could lose rights that are important to our business. Our licensing arrangements with third parties may impose diligence, development and commercialization timelines, milestone payment, royalty, insurance, and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these agreements either in part or in whole, in which case we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any product that is covered by these agreements or may face other penalties under the agreements. Such an occurrence could materially adversely affect the value of the product candidate being developed under any such agreement or may otherwise result in reputational damage to our business. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or amended agreements with less favorable terms or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property or technology. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 69 ​ Table of Contents If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technology and products, or if the scope of the patent protection is not sufficiently broad, our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be impaired. We rely, in part, upon a combination of different forms of intellectual property, including in-licensed and fully or co-owned patents and patent applications to protect our intellectual property. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain this protection in the U.S., the EU, the UK and other countries or regions, in part by filing patent applications related to our novel technologies and product candidates. Our patents may not provide us with any meaningful commercial protection, may not prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. At least some of the patents we own are or may become subject to patent opposition or similar proceedings. Additionally, the patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain, and in certain instances we have chosen, and in the future, we may choose, not to file and prosecute all desirable patent applications. For example, our defense of certain patent cases in the Netherlands, the EU and the U.S. pertaining to licensed rights of etranacogene dezaparvovec was assumed by CSL Behring in October 2023. These oppositions and future patent oppositions may result in loss of scope of some claims or the entire patent and, with respect to our rights under the CSL Behring Agreement, could affect CSL Behring’s successful commercialization of HEMGENIX and, in turn, could negatively impact our financial position. Additionally, our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. Successful challenges to our patents may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability or the ability of our licensees to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Additionally, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. For example, EU patent law with respect to the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body is more limited than U.S. law. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the U.S. and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after their priority date, or in some cases at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions or that we were the first to file for patent protection of the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the EU, the U.S. or other jurisdictions may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. Our inability to obtain and maintain appropriate patent protection for any one of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, or third parties may assert their intellectual property rights against us, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe on our owned or licensed patents or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, maintained in a more narrowly amended form or interpreted narrowly. ​ ​ 70 ​ Table of Contents Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, increase our operating losses, reduce available resources, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our ordinary shares. Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. If we are found to otherwise infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our products and technology. We may not be able to obtain the required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we could obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product or otherwise to cease using the relevant intellectual property. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease or materially modify some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. In addition, legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims, with or without merit, are unpredictable and generally expensive and time-consuming and are likely to divert significant resources from our core business, including distracting our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. For example, we are aware of patents or patent applications owned by third parties that relate to some aspects of our programs that are still in development. In some cases, because we have not determined the final methods of manufacture, the method of administration or the therapeutic compositions for these programs, we cannot determine whether rights under such third-party positions will be needed. In addition, in some cases, we believe that the claims of these patents are invalid or not infringed or will expire before commercialization. However, if such patents are needed and found to be valid and infringed, we could be required to obtain licenses, which might not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or to cease or delay commercializing certain product candidates, or to change our programs to avoid infringement. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. In addition to seeking patent protection, we also rely on other proprietary rights, including protection of trade secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information. To maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets and proprietary information, we enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, collaborators and other third parties who have access to our trade secrets. Our agreements with employees also provide that any inventions conceived by the individual while rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, we may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances, and individuals with whom we have these agreements may not comply with their terms. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. In addition, in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or proprietary information, these agreements, even if obtained, may not provide meaningful protection, particularly for our trade secrets or other confidential information. To the extent that our employees, consultants, or contractors use technology or know-how owned by third parties in their work for us, disputes may arise between us and those third parties as to the rights in related inventions. ​ ​ ​ 71 ​ Table of Contents Adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information including a breach of our confidentiality agreements. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts in and outside of the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. The disclosure of our trade secrets or the independent development of our trade secrets by a competitor or other third party would impair our competitive position and may materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, share price and prospects. Our reliance on third parties may require us to share our trade secrets, which could increase the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. Because we collaborate from time to time with various organizations and academic research institutions on the advancement of our gene therapy platform, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, materials transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing confidential or proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, such as trade secrets. Despite the contractual protections, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our collaborators, advisors, and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets. Our academic collaborators typically have rights to publish data, if we are notified in advance and may delay publication for a specified time to secure our intellectual property rights arising from the collaboration. In other cases, publication rights are controlled exclusively by us, although in some cases we may share these rights with other parties. We also conduct joint research and development programs that may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our research and development partnerships or similar agreements. Some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those with whom they communicate, from using that technology or information to compete with us. Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain a competitive advantage. For example: ​ ● others may be able to make gene therapy products that are similar to our product candidates or utilize similar gene therapy technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have licensed; ● we or our licensors or future collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered issued patents or pending patent applications that we own or have licensed; ● we or our licensors or future collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; ● others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; ● it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; ● issued patents that we own or have licensed may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 72 ​ Table of Contents ● our competitors might conduct activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; ● we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and, ● the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. The occurrence of any of these events could seriously harm our business. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital We had net losses in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, have incurred significant losses in previous years and expect to incur losses in the future, and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We had a net loss of $199.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, and a net loss of $239.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2024. Other than a gain in the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily attributable to one-time license revenue from CSL Behring, we have incurred significant losses throughout our operating history. As of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $1,328.9 million. We have financed our operations to date primarily through the sale of equity securities and convertible debt, venture loans, upfront payments from our collaboration partners and, to a lesser extent, subsidies and grants from governmental agencies and fees for services. We expect to finance our operations in 2026 primarily from our existing cash resources. We have devoted substantially all our financial resources and efforts to date to research and development of our products and product candidates, including the conduct of preclinical studies and clinical trials and related manufacturing requirements. Even if we succeed in receiving marketing approval for and commercialize AMT-130 or other of our product candidates, we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional potential products for the foreseeable future, and our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we: ● incur costs associated with the late-stage development of AMT-130 as well as the preparation of potential commercialization of AMT-130; ● continue to fund the clinical development of our other product candidates; ● incur the costs associated with the manufacturing of preclinical, clinical and commercial supplies of our product candidates through our partnership with Genezen and other third-party manufacturers; ● seek regulatory approval for AMT-130 and for any other product candidates; ● hire and retain personnel to support our business; ● enhance our operational, financial and management information systems and personnel; ● maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and, ● incur legal, accounting and other expenses operating as a public company. We may never generate revenues that are sufficient to achieve or sustain profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business or otherwise increase the size of our future net losses. Our failure to generate value for our shareholders could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our product offerings, or even continue our operations. 73 ​ Table of Contents We may need to raise additional funding in order to advance the development of our product candidates (including AMT-130) and support the potential commercialization of AMT-130, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain capital, if and when needed, may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We expect to incur significant expenses in connection with our ongoing activities. We may need to obtain additional funding to support the development of our product pipeline (including AMT-130), the potential commercialization of AMT-130, and continuing operations. Based on our current operating plan, potential changes to our current research and development plans and our timing expectations related to the progress of our programs, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and investment securities will be sufficient to fund our operations into the second half of 2029. We have based our current estimates of our financing requirements on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we expect. ​ Adequate capital may not be available to us if and when needed or may not be available on acceptable terms. In particular, the availability of the $100.0 million second tranche of our 2025 Amended Facility with Hercules is subject to the achievement of BLA approval of AMT-130 prior to June 2027, and provided that confirmatory trials to the extent and in the manner required to support full approval (if applicable) remain ongoing or are being planned, and the third tranche of up to $25.0 million is subject to Hercules’ approval. Additionally, our ability to obtain additional debt financing may be limited by covenants we have made under our 2025 Amended Facility with Hercules and our pledge to Hercules of substantially all our assets as collateral. Our ability to obtain additional equity financing may also be limited by our shareholders’ willingness to approve the issuance of additional share capital. If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, our shareholders’ ownership interest could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of holders of our ordinary shares. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances, marketing, distribution, or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to issue additional equity, relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, products, or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms or successfully pursue strategic partnerships where necessary, we could be forced to delay, reduce, or further eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts, which would have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business development and strategic initiatives, acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations or other transactions, may not achieve their intended benefits or goals and may result in additional risks to our business. We have historically pursued various strategic initiatives, transactions and business arrangements, including the July 2024 Lexington Transaction and the July 2021 acquisition of uniQure France (the “uniQure France Acquisition”) and its lead program (AMT-260). We may, from time to time, enter into strategic transactions consistent with our business development and financial objectives. Implementing these and other strategic initiatives has included and may in the future include divestitures, acquisitions, asset purchases, partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures and other investments. Certain of these transactions and arrangements have been and may in the future be material to us both from a strategic and financial perspective. These initiatives, whether successful or not, have been, and may continue to be, complex, time-consuming and expensive, may divert management’s attention, and could expose us to operational challenges and potential inefficiencies. We may miscalculate the risks associated with our strategic initiatives at the time they are made or may not have the resources or ability to access all the relevant information to evaluate them properly, including with regard to the research and development-related risks, manufacturing and compliance issues, or the outcome of ongoing legal and other proceedings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve all of our intended goals with respect to such strategies within the anticipated timeframes, if at all, or fully realize the expected benefits of any such transactions or arrangements. ​ ​ ​ 74 ​ Table of Contents Divestitures (such as the Lexington Transaction), product rationalizations or asset sales could result in asset impairments, or reductions to the size or scope of our business, our market share in particular markets or our opportunities and ability to compete with respect to certain markets, therapeutic areas or products. We may not be successful in separating divested businesses or assets, which could negatively impact our ongoing and future operations. For example, the Lexington Transaction may result in continued financial and operational exposure related to the divested assets or businesses, through guarantees or other financial arrangements, indemnification obligations, continued manufacturing and supply and transition services obligations to the divested businesses, or potential litigation. In addition, we may also not be able to realize the intended or anticipated benefits from such transactions, such as realizing the anticipated cost savings, maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees to operate our retained business, or may be unable to realize the intended or expected goals, outlooks, synergies or operating efficiencies with respect to such transactions. The overall execution of our strategic initiatives may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, operational inefficiencies, adverse tax consequences, impairment or restructuring charges, loss of important third-party relationships, difficulty attracting and retaining qualified employees, and diversion of management’s and/or employee’s attention, among other potential adverse consequences. In addition, we may have to terminate a strategic alliance, agreement or arrangement, or our partners may be unable to fulfill their collaboration. Any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends and/or share price. Actions that we have taken or may take in the future to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated, may not result in cost savings to us and could disrupt our business . In October 2023, we commenced a restructuring of our business to reprioritize our portfolio of development candidates, conserve financial resources and better align our workforce with current business needs. In June 2024, we announced the sale of the Lexington Facility and related manufacturing assets in conjunction with our broader efforts to reduce operating expenses and cash burn. In addition, in August 2024, we announced the outcome of our strategic review intended to conserve capital, streamline operations and ensure sufficient cash resources to advance multiple clinical-stage programs through potentially meaningful milestones. The 2024 restructuring, inclusive of the sale of our Lexington facility and associated employee transitions to Genezen, involved the elimination of approximately 65% of our global workforce, or approximately 300 roles across the company. We may encounter challenges in the execution of these and any future restructuring efforts, and these challenges could impact our financial results. Our existing and any future indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. We have a loan facility with Hercules in the maximum aggregate amount of $175.0 million. As of December 31, 2025, we had $50.0 million of outstanding principal of borrowings under the 2025 Amended Facility. The principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest on advances under the 2025 Amended Facility is due on October 1, 2030. We may not be able to finance our operations from our existing cash, cash equivalents, and cash resources consistent with our expectations if we are not able to refinance the 2025 Amended Facility prior to the October 2030 maturity date. We could in the future incur additional debt obligations beyond our borrowings from Hercules. Our existing loan obligations with Hercules, together with other similar obligations that we may incur in the future, could have significant adverse consequences, including: ● requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash resources to the payment of interest and principal, reducing money available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development and other general corporate purposes; ● increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and market conditions; ● subjecting us to restrictive covenants that may reduce our ability to take certain corporate actions or obtain further debt or equity financing; ● limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we compete; and, ● placing us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or better debt servicing options. 75 ​ Table of Contents We may not have sufficient funds and may be unable to arrange for additional financing to pay the amounts due under our existing loan obligations. Failure to make payments or comply with other covenants under 2025 Amended Facility could result in an event of default and acceleration of amounts due. Under the 2025 Amended Facility, the occurrence of an event that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, assets, or condition is an event of default. If an event of default occurs and the lender accelerates the amounts due, we may not be able to make accelerated payments, and the lender could seek to enforce security interests in the collateral securing such indebtedness, which includes substantially all our assets. Our 2025 Amended Facility bears a variable interest rate with a fixed floor. The U.S. Federal Reserve has raised, and may in the future further raise, interest rates. An increase in interest rates by the Federal Reserve has and could in the future cause the prime rate to increase, which has and could in the future increase our debt service obligations. Significant increases in such obligations could have a negative impact on our financial position or operating results, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, or result in increased borrowing costs in the future. Risks Related to Other Legal Compliance Matters Our relationships with employees, customers and third parties are subject to applicable laws and regulations, the non-compliance of any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Healthcare providers, physicians, other practitioners, and third-party payers will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payers and customers may expose us to broadly applicable anti-bribery laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as fraud and abuse and other U.S. and international healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we would be able to market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable laws and regulations could involve substantial costs. If our operations, or the activities of our collaborators, distributors or other third-party agents are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Additionally, we are subject to various labor and employment laws and regulations. These laws and regulations relate to matters such as employment discrimination, wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, employee and independent contractor classification rules, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers’ compensation rules, healthcare laws, scheduling notification requirements and anti-discrimination and anti-harassment laws. Complying with these laws and regulations, including ongoing changes thereto, subjects us to substantial expense and non-compliance could expose us to significant liabilities. In particular, we have in the past been subject to allegations of Sarbanes-Oxley whistleblower retaliation and employment discrimination and retaliation, and we may in the future be subject to additional claims of non-compliance with similar or other laws and regulations. Additionally, we are reliant on our employees, contractors, consultants, vendors, and other parties with whom we have relationships to behave ethically and within the requirements of the law. The failure of any employee or other such third parties to act within the bounds of the applicable laws, regulations, agreements, codes and other requirements, or any misconduct or illegal actions or omissions by such persons, could materially damage our business. The costs associated with an alleged or actual violation of any of the foregoing could be substantial and could cause irreparable harm to our reputation or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 76 ​ Table of Contents We are subject to laws governing data protection and artificial intelligence (“AI”) in the different jurisdictions in which we operate. The implementation of compliance programs relative to such data protection and AI regulatory regimes is complex, and should we fail to fully comply, we may be subject to penalties that may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Many national, international, and state laws govern the privacy and security of health information and other personal and private information, and use of AI models and AI systems. They often differ from each other in significant ways. For instance, the EU has adopted a comprehensive data protection law called the EU General Data Protection Regulation that took effect in May 2018. The UK has, following its exit from the EU, substantially adopted the EU General Data Protection Regulation into its domestic law through the UK General Data Protection Regulation (collectively with the EU General Data Protection Regulation, and related EU, Swiss, and UK data protection and e-Privacy laws, the “GDPR”). The GDPR, together with the national legislation of Switzerland, the UK (including the Data Protection Act 2018) and EU member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, analyze and transfer personal information, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. GDPR obligations applicable to us may include, in many circumstances, obtaining the (opt-in) consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates; providing GDPR-prescribed data processing notices to individuals; complying with restrictions regarding the transfer of personal data out of the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK (including to the US); implementing and maintaining data protection policies and procedures; restrictions regarding the use of certain innovative technologies; providing data security breach notifications to supervisory authorities and affected individuals under tight timescales; and implementing security and confidentiality measures. Supervisory authorities in the different European states may interpret the GDPR and national laws differently and impose additional requirements. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise revised. All of this adds to the complexity of processing personal information and remaining compliant with the GDPR. The GDPR allows European supervisory authorities to impose fines for non-compliance of up to the greater of EUR 20.0 million and 4% of annual worldwide gross revenue of the corporate group in question. Supervisory authorities in the European Economic Area and UK may potentially levy such fines directly upon the non-compliant entity and/or upon the parent company of the non-compliant entity. Supervisory authorities also possess other wide-ranging powers, including conducting unannounced inspections of our facilities and system (so-called “dawn raids”), and issuing “stop processing” orders to us. Separate from regulatory enforcement actions, individuals may bring private actions (including potentially group or representative actions) against us. There is no statutory cap in the GDPR on the amount of compensation or the damages which individuals may recover. The EU AI Act, the world’s first comprehensive AI-focused legislation, came into effect (in part) in 2025. With respect to companies subject to the AI Act, the Act imposes prohibitions and materials restrictions with respect to the development, offering, and use of “general-purpose AI models” and “AI systems”. Like under the GDPR, supervisory authorities in the European Economic Area may levy substantial penalties with respect to non-compliance with the EU AI Act directly upon the non-compliant entity and/or upon the parent company of the non-compliant entity. Overall, the significant costs of GDPR and EU AI Act compliance, risk of regulatory enforcement actions and/or private litigation under, and other burdens imposed by the GDPR and the EU AI Act as well as under other regulatory schemes throughout the world related to privacy and security of health information and other personal and private data  and AI could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may also be subject to additional industry-specific privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, operational and information systems resilience, and AI-related laws in Europe which may subject us to additional similar risks and impacts. Product liability lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of our therapies. We face an inherent risk of product liability related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and in connection with the manufacture and/or sales of approved products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products or the procedures used to administer them to patients caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: ● decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we develop or sell; 77 ​ Table of Contents ● injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; ● negative publicity or public opinion surrounding gene therapy; ● withdrawal of clinical trial participants or sites, or discontinuation of development programs; ● significant costs to defend the related litigation; ● substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; ● loss of revenue; ● initiation of investigations, and enforcement actions by regulators; ● product recalls, withdrawals, revocation of approvals, or labeling, marketing, or promotional restrictions; ● diversion of resources of our management from pursuing our business strategy; and, ● the inability to further develop or commercialize any products that we develop. Depending upon the country where the clinical trial is conducted, we currently hold coverages ranging from EUR 500,000 to EUR 5,000,000 per occurrence. Such coverage may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may need to increase our insurance coverage as we expand our clinical trials. In addition, insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. In the event insurance coverage is insufficient to cover liabilities that we may incur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our financial operations. Our industry is highly regulated and changes in law may adversely impact our business, operations, or financial results. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the “PPACA”), is a sweeping measure intended to, among other things, expand healthcare coverage within the U.S., primarily through the imposition of health insurance mandates on employers and individuals and expansion of the Medicaid program. Several provisions of the law may affect us and increase certain of our costs. In addition, other legislative changes have been adopted since the PPACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions in Medicare payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013, Congress subsequently has extended the period over which these reductions are in effect. While President Biden previously signed legislation temporarily to eliminate this reduction through the end of 2021, a 1% payment adjustment was implemented from April 1 – June 30, 2022, and a 2% payment adjustment took effect beginning July 1, 2022. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers and, accordingly, our financial operations. ​ ​ ​ ​ 78 ​ Table of Contents We anticipate that the PPACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on pricing and the reimbursement our customers may receive for our products, and increased manufacturer rebates. Further, there have been, and there may continue to be, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. For example, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Affordable Care Act on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the “individual mandate”. Additional legislative and regulatory changes to the PPACA, its implementing regulations and guidance and its policies, remain possible. However, it remains unclear how any new legislation or regulation might affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which regulatory approval is obtained. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to penetrate markets outside of the U.S. and Europe where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. Our future profitability may depend, in part, on our ability to commercialize current or future drug candidates in foreign markets for which we may rely on collaborations with third parties. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our drug candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the applicable regulatory authority in that foreign market. To obtain separate regulatory approval in many other jurisdictions we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such jurisdictions regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, manufacturing, commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our drug candidates, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. There may be future changes in legal and regulatory requirements or standards that may materially impact our results of operations. Future changes in legal and regulatory requirements may introduce new risks into our operations and future prospects, which we are not able to currently anticipate.  By example, changes taking place in the U.S., as well as changes in legal and regulatory standards, including the reduced level of deference due to administrative agencies following a 2024 Supreme Court decision, may introduce uncertainties with respect to our current and future operations and our future likelihood of success.  It is possible that new federal or state laws or regulations may be passed, or laws and regulations may be enforced differently than they were before, which may expose us to additional legal and regulatory risk or uncertainty and require the expenditure of additional resources to ensure that we are able to comply. Such actions could also adversely restrict our business and operations. There could also be changes in the FDA’s approval standards that could impact our ability to obtain BLA approval and market our product candidates within the currently anticipated timeframes or otherwise impact the competitive market for our product candidates. Such changes may necessitate the conduct of additional development work, including preclinical and clinical trials, and manufacturing development. By example, for products intended for rare and serious diseases with unmet medical needs, the FDA is authorized to exercise regulatory flexibility when making a medical risk-benefit judgment.  It is possible that whether and how the FDA exercises any such regulatory flexibility, including with respect to specialized pathways, such as accelerated approval, may change, which could impact our ability to obtain approval for AMT-130 or any of our product candidates. Further, legal and regulatory changes may impact how we may market and sell our products in the future, if they are approved, as well as how they are reimbursed.  Moreover, there could be changes in the federal workforce and agency policies that may result in regulatory delays, including with respect to the FDA’s review of marketing applications and other submissions, and that may impact the ability to communicate with and obtain guidance from the agencies. At this time, any changes that may take place, and their impact on our business continue to evolve. ​ ​ 79 ​ Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares The market price of our ordinary shares has been and may in the future be volatile and fluctuate substantially. Our ordinary share price has been and may in the future be volatile. In recent years, the stock market in general and the market for shares of biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies in particular have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. The market price for our ordinary shares has been, and may in the future be, influenced by many factors, such as: ● interactions with and feedback from the FDA and other regulatory authorities on the design of our clinical trials, regulatory endpoints, clinical trial data, and accelerated approval pathways available to us; ● the success of competing products or technologies; ● results of our clinical trials or those of our competitors; ● public perception and market reaction to our interim data from our clinical trials; ● public perception of gene therapies and companies developing gene therapies; ● regulatory delays and greater government regulation of potential products due to adverse events; ● regulatory, legal and political developments in the EU, the U.S., and other countries, including public comments by regulators related to our sector or potential or actual changes in regulator plans, priorities and approaches; ● developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; ● the recruitment or departure of key personnel; ● pipeline reprioritizations, strategic transactions and restructurings; ● future issuances, sales, resales or repurchases or anticipated issuances, sales, resales or repurchases, of our ordinary shares, including due to the expiration of contractual lock-up agreements; ● the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs; ● the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates or technologies; ● actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines; ● failure to meet expectations of investors or securities analysts; ● variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; ● changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; ● market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; ● mergers, acquisitions, licensing, and collaboration activity among our peer companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; ● general economic, industry and market conditions; and, 80 ​ Table of Contents ● the realization of any of the factors described in this “

