TICKER: RBC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain adjustments and pricing actions.
We believe the majority of our imports from Mexico are compliant with the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”)
and are currently exempt from tariffs upon importing into the United States. The ultimate impact of tariffs on our operations and financial
results is currently uncertain and will depend on the scope, duration, and potential expansion of the measures implemented. Some of our products and operations are
subject to certain approvals and government regulations and the loss of such approvals, or our failure to comply with such regulations,
could materially reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. Essential to servicing the
aerospace market is the ability to obtain product approvals. We have a substantial number of product approvals, which enable us to provide
products used in virtually all domestic aircraft platforms presently in production or operation. Product approvals are typically issued
by the FAA to designated OEMs who are Production Approval Holders of FAA-approved aircraft. These Production Approval Holders provide
quality control oversight and generally limit the number of suppliers directly servicing the commercial aerospace market. Regulations
enacted by the FAA provide for an independent process (the PMA process) that enables suppliers who currently sell their products to the
Production Approval Holders to also sell products to the aftermarket. Our foreign sales may be subject to similar approvals or U.S. export
control restrictions. We cannot assure you that we will not lose approvals for our aerospace products in the future. The loss or suspension
of product approvals could result in lost sales and materially reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. The repair and overhaul of
aircraft parts and accessories throughout the world is highly regulated by government agencies, including the FAA. Our repair and overhaul
operations are subject to certification pursuant to regulations established by the FAA and foreign government agencies, with regulations
varying from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries.
Our failure to comply with these regulations, or our compliance with new and more stringent government regulations, if enacted, could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a U.S. government contractor,
we are subject to various procurement and other laws, regulations and contract terms applicable to our industry, including the FAR, the
DFARS, the Truth in Negotiations Act, the False Claims Act, the Procurement Integrity Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act, the Close the Contractor Fraud Loophole Act, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and CAS,
and we could be adversely affected by any negative finding by the U.S. government as to our compliance with them, including suspension
or debarment from future government contracting. The retirement of commercial aircraft could
reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. We sell replacement parts
used in the repair and overhaul of jet engine and aircraft components, as well as provide such repair and overhaul services ourselves.
As aircraft or engines for which we offer replacement parts or repair and overhaul services are retired, demand for these parts and services
could decline and could reduce our revenue, cash flows and profitability. Risks associated with utilizing information
technology systems could adversely affect our operations. We rely upon our information
technology (“IT”) systems to process, transmit and store electronic information to manage and operate our business. Further,
in the ordinary course of business we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, on our networks. The secure maintenance and
transmission of this information is critical to our business operations. 11 We may face cyber events and
other IT security threats, including malware, ransomware, phishing and other intrusions, to our IT infrastructure, attempts to gain unauthorized
access to proprietary, classified or confidential information, and threats to the physical security of our IT systems. As a U.S. government
contractor, our risk of cyber events may be greater than the risk faced by other companies that are not government contractors. In addition
to security threats, our IT systems may also be subject to network, software or hardware failures. The unavailability of our IT systems,
the failure of these systems to perform as anticipated, or any significant breach of data security could cause loss of data, disrupt our
operations, require significant management attention and resources, subject us to liability to third parties or regulatory actions or
contract termination, and negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, which could have a negative impact on our
financial and competitive position, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, our business with our customers and

--- VENDORS ---
vendors could
be impacted by cyber events on their IT systems. To address the risk to our
IT systems and data, we maintain an IT security program designed to resist cyber events and to mitigate the damage from successful events.
Refer to Part I, Item 1C of this Annual Report for details regarding our data protection and cybersecurity risk management program. Work stoppages and other labor problems
could materially reduce our ability to operate our business. We currently have three collective
bargaining agreements covering employees at our Plymouth, Indiana, Fairfield, Connecticut and West Trenton, New Jersey facilities, representing
approximately 7% of our U.S.-based hourly employees as of March 29, 2025. While we believe our relations with our employees are satisfactory,
the inability to satisfactorily negotiate and enter into new collective bargaining agreements upon expiration, or a lengthy strike or
other work stoppage at any of our facilities, particularly at some of our larger facilities, could materially reduce our ability to operate
our business. In addition, any attempt by our employees not currently represented by a union to join a union could result in additional
expenses, including with respect to wages, benefits and pension obligations. In addition, work stoppages
at one or more of our customers or suppliers (including suppliers of transportation services), many of which have large unionized workforces,
could also cause disruptions to our business that we cannot control, and these disruptions could materially reduce our revenues, cash
flows and profitability. Unexpected equipment failures or catastrophic
events could increase our costs and reduce our sales due to production curtailments or shutdowns. Our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Raw Materials We obtain raw materials, component
parts and supplies from a variety of sources and generally from more than one supplier. Our principal raw materials are steel and cast
iron. Our suppliers and sources of raw materials are based in the U.S., Europe and Asia. We purchase steel at market prices, which fluctuate
as a result of supply and demand driven by economic conditions in the marketplace, and we currently pay import tariffs on our raw materials
sourced outside the U.S. For further discussion of the possible effects of import tariffs and changes in the cost of raw materials on
our business, see Part I,

