TICKER: RHP
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain” attacks, “phishing” or other types of business email compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data may materially impact our information systems and records of those of our owners, licensees, service providers, or others on which we rely. Our reliance on computer, Internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. Like most large multinational corporations, our hotel manager and its service providers have experienced cybersecurity incidents, and attempts to disrupt access to their systems and data or those of properties our hotel manager manages and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies, by us and our third-party service providers, may also heighten our cybersecurity risks by making cybersecurity incidents more difficult to detect, contain and mitigate. We and our third-party service providers, including our third-party hotel manager, rely on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems, which further increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. Any theft, loss, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, licensee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation or the reputation of our hotel manager and could result in remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. Depending on the nature and scope of the event, compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, licensees, or service providers or other disruptions in data services could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems or our hotel manager’s systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits, and negative publicity, resulting in tangible adverse effects on our business, including consumer boycotts, cancellations, lost sales or litigation, all of which could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. These events may also cause us to incur substantial costs, including but not limited to, costs associated with remediation for or recovery of stolen assets or information, including ransom costs paid to cyber attackers, costs for sending legally required notifications to customers or other affected individuals, and increased cyber protection costs to guard against opportunities for re-occurrence of a breach. Although we or our manager carry cyber/privacy liability insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cybersecurity incidents, security compromises, and other related incidents. Furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 23 Table of Contents Our real estate assets are subject to numerous risks. Because we own hotels and attractions properties, we are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. The investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated by the related properties, as well as the expenses incurred. In addition, a variety of other factors affect income from properties and real estate values, including governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels and the availability of financing. For example, new or existing real estate zoning or tax laws can make it more expensive and/or time-consuming to develop real property or expand, modify or renovate properties. When interest rates increase, the cost of acquiring, developing, expanding or renovating real property increases, particularly as the cost of borrowing increases, and real property values may decrease as the number of potential buyers decreases. Similarly, as financing becomes less available, it becomes more difficult both to acquire and to sell real property. Finally, governments can, under eminent domain laws, take real property. Sometimes this taking is for less compensation than the owner believes the property is worth. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, equity real estate investments, such as the investments we hold and any additional properties that we may acquire, are relatively difficult to sell quickly. If our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our income will be reduced. Our properties are subject to environmental regulations that could impose significant financial liability on us. Environmental laws, ordinances and regulations of various federal, state, local and foreign governments regulate certain of our properties and could make us liable for the costs of removing or cleaning up hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in the properties we currently own or operate or those we previously owned or operated. Those laws could impose liability without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to properly clean up such substances when present, could jeopardize our ability to develop, use, sell or rent the real property or to borrow using the real property as collateral. If we arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic wastes, we could be liable for the costs of removing or cleaning up wastes at the disposal or treatment facility, even if we never owned or operated that facility. Other laws, ordinances and regulations could require us to manage, abate or remove lead- or asbestos-containing materials. Similarly, the operation and closure of storage tanks are often regulated by federal, state, local and foreign laws. Finally, certain laws, ordinances and regulations, particularly those governing the management or preservation of wetlands, coastal zones and threatened or endangered species, could limit our ability to develop, use, sell or rent our real property. Existing governmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws and regulations relating to climate change (including, but not limited to, required reduction of carbon emissions or energy usage), air quality or other environmental and health concerns may be adopted or become applicable to us, which could affect the operations of our hotels and/or result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions. The costs to clean up a contaminated property, to defend a claim, or to comply with environmental laws could be material and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Additionally, because we rely on third-party managers to operate our hotel properties and certain attractions, we have limited control over ensuring compliance at those locations with applicable environmental laws or regulations or approving certain remediation action taken by the manager to resolve such issues. Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act could require us to incur substantial costs. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (the “ADA”), all public accommodations must meet various federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Compliance with the ADA’s requirements could require removal of access barriers, and non-compliance could result in the U.S. government imposing fines or in private litigants winning damages. Although we believe that our hotel properties substantially comply with present requirements of the ADA, we may be subject to audits or investigations of, or litigation brought against, one or more of our hotels to determine our compliance, and one or more hotels may not be fully compliant with the ADA. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the incurrence of additional costs to attain compliance. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our hotel properties and to make alterations as appropriate in this respect. If we are required to make substantial modifications to our hotel properties, whether to comply with the ADA or other changes in governmental rules and regulations, our financial 24 Table of Contents condition, results of operations, the market price of our common stock and amount of cash available for debt service or distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. Additionally, because we rely on third-party managers to operate our hotel properties and certain attractions, we have limited control over ensuring compliance at those locations with applicable ADA requirements or approving certain remediation action taken by the manager to resolve such issues. As an owner of hotel properties and operator of leisure businesses, we are subject to risks relating to acts of God, outbreaks of pandemic disease, terrorist activity, geopolitical uncertainty and war. Our operating income and ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be reduced by acts of God, outbreaks of pandemic disease, or acts of terrorism in locations where we own and/or operate significant properties and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of customers. Gaylord Opryland, which is located adjacent to the Cumberland River and is protected by levees built to sustain a 100-year flood, suffered flood damage on May 3, 2010 as the river rose to levels that over-topped the levees. We have completed enhancements to the levees that protect the hotel to increase the height of the levees, and we also maintain a prudent level of flood insurance in an amount which we believe is sufficient to respond to any potential flood losses at Gaylord Opryland. While we believe these steps are reasonable given the likelihood of flood damage at Gaylord Opryland, there can be no assurances that flooding will not occur at Gaylord Opryland in the future and that actual flood losses will not be in excess of insurance limits. Some types of losses, such as from flood, earthquake, hurricane, tornado, wildfire, terrorism and environmental hazards, may be either uninsurable, subject to sublimit, or too expensive to justify fully insuring against. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a hotel, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. Similarly, outbreaks of pandemic disease, wars or armed conflicts (including the potential for war or armed conflicts), terrorist activity (including threats of terrorist activity), political unrest and other forms of civil strife as well as geopolitical uncertainty, including increased tariffs, may cause our future results to differ materially from anticipated results. We are subject to risks associated with our hotel managers’ employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels whose managers employ unionized labor, which could increase our hotels’ operating costs, reduce the flexibility of our third-party hotel managers to adjust the size of the workforce at our hotel properties and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Our third-party hotel managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotel properties. Although we do not employ or manage employees at our hotel properties, we are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, including at those of our hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. We also may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes or other events. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. Furthermore, labor agreements may limit the ability of our third-party hotel managers to reduce the size of hotel workforces during an economic downturn because collective bargaining agreements are negotiated between the third-party hotel managers and labor unions. We do not have the ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. Our operating costs could increase if we and our hotel managers cannot attract and retain talented personnel or as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives. We and our third-party hotel managers compete with other companies both within and outside of the hospitality and entertainment industries for personnel. We and our hotel managers have experienced challenges hiring qualified personnel due to various factors, such as increasing wage expectations and competition for labor from other industries, including the current inflationary environment, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. If we and our hotel managers cannot recruit, train, develop and retain sufficient numbers of associates, we could experience significant negative impacts to our operations, including low employee morale, high employee turnover and low guest satisfaction. Insufficient numbers of personnel could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. Labor shortages have resulted in and could continue to result in higher wages and initial hiring costs, increasing our labor costs and those of our third-party hotel managers, which could 25 Table of Contents reduce our profits and ultimately impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, the efforts and ability of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business. Any failure to protect the trademarks and intellectual property used in our business could reduce the value of our brand names and harm our business. Third-party infringement of the Gaylord Hotels or JW Marriott marks owned by Marriott or the marks we own and use in our entertainment business, or the failure to enforce rights to the marks, could be damaging to our business. The reputation and perception of the brands we use is critical to our success. If trademarks or intellectual property are misappropriated or used without authorization, the value of those brands, their reputation, our competitive advantages and our goodwill could be harmed. We regularly apply to register our trademarks in the United States. However, we cannot be certain that those trademark registrations will be granted or that the steps we take to protect our trademarks or intellectual property in the United States will be adequate to prevent others, including third parties or former employees, from copying or using our trademarks or intellectual property without authorization. Our intellectual property is also vulnerable to unauthorized use in some countries outside the United States, where local laws may not adequately protect it. Marriott owns and maintains the marks used in the Gaylord Hotels and JW Marriott operations and uses the brands at properties that we do not own, including Gaylord Pacific, and accordingly, we are reliant on Marriott to enforce the rights to these marks and to protect the value of those brands. Monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. As we have in the past, we may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation of this type could be costly, force us to divert our resources, lead to counterclaims or other claims against us, result in adverse publicity to us or otherwise harm our business. Any failure to maintain and protect trademarks and other intellectual property used in our business could reduce the value of our brands and harm our business. Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our hotel properties and harm our financial condition. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more of our hotel properties in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions may be limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors that are beyond our control, including: ● adverse changes in international, national, regional and local economic and market conditions; ● changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of debt financing; ● changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; ● the ongoing need for capital improvements, particularly in older structures; ● changes in operating expenses; and ● civil unrest, acts of God, including earthquakes, tornadoes, floods and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses, and acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of the terrorist acts. We may decide in the future to sell one or more of our hotel properties. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any hotel property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a hotel property. Further, as a REIT, we are subject to a 100% excise tax on net income 26 Table of Contents derived from prohibited transactions, including the sale of property (other than foreclosure property) held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course. There can be no assurances that the IRS will not contend that the sale of a hotel is subject to this 100% excise tax. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a hotel property can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a hotel, we may agree to lock-out provisions that materially restrict us from selling that hotel for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that hotel. These factors and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our hotel properties could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, as well as the amount of cash available for distributions to our stockholders. Our operating results and ability to service debt and make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected by various operating risks common to the lodging industry. Our hotel properties have different economic characteristics than many other real estate assets, and a hotel REIT is structured differently than many other types of REITs. A typical office property owner, for example, has long-term leases with third-party tenants, which provide a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. Our TRS lessees, on the other hand, do not enter into a lease with a third-party hotel manager. Instead, our TRS lessees engage our third-party managers pursuant to hotel management agreements and pay the third-party hotel managers fees for managing our hotel properties. The TRS lessees receive all the operating profit or losses at our hotel properties, net of fees and reimbursements. Moreover, virtually all hotel guests stay at a hotel for only a few nights at a time, so the rate and occupancy at each of our hotel properties may change every day. As a result, we may have highly volatile earnings. In addition, our hotel properties are subject to various operating risks common to the lodging industry, many of which are beyond our or a manager’s control, including the following: ● competition from other hotel properties and publicly-financed civic convention centers in our markets; ● over-building of hotels in our markets, which could adversely affect occupancy and revenues at our hotel properties; ● dependence on business and commercial travelers, including the market for large group meetings, and tourism; ● increases in energy costs and other expenses affecting travel, which may affect travel patterns and reduce the number of business and commercial travelers and tourists; ● increases in operating costs, including, but not limited to, wages and food and beverage costs, due to inflation and other factors that may not be offset by increased room rates; ● changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of debt financing; ● changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; ● adverse effects of international, national, regional and local economic and market conditions; ● the impact of the use of Internet travel intermediaries by consumers; ● unforeseen events beyond our control, such as terrorist attacks, travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics, political instability, regional hostilities, imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities, travel-related accidents and unusual weather patterns, including natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and tornadoes; 27 Table of Contents ● adverse effects of a downturn in the lodging industry; and ● risks generally associated with the ownership of hotels and real estate. Our group room rates may be contracted several years in advance, and we are subject to increases in operating costs over time that may not be offset by these group room rates, which may result in reduced margins. Further, our disclosed future hotel bookings may not be fulfilled. These factors could reduce the net operating profits of our TRS lessees, which in turn could adversely affect the amount and frequency of distributions we make to our stockholders and our ability to service our debt. Our financial and operating results may suffer if we are unsuccessful in integrating JW Marriott Desert Ridge with our existing assets, and integrating JW Marriott Desert Ridge may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected. If we are unable to successfully integrate JW Marriott Desert Ridge with our other assets in an efficient and effective manner, the anticipated benefits of the JW Marriott Desert Ridge transaction may not be fully realized, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and may not meet estimated growth projections or expectations. Further, we may not achieve the projected efficiencies and synergies once we have fully integrated JW Marriott Desert Ridge into our operations, which may lead to additional costs not anticipated at the time of the JW Marriott Desert Ridge transaction. An inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the JW Marriott Desert Ridge transaction or any delays encountered in the integration process could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. The ongoing integration of JW Marriott Desert Ridge with our other assets requires the dedication of significant management resources, which may distract management’s attention from day-to-day operations. Phoenix, Arizona is a new market for us, and our relative unfamiliarity with the market may result in our having to devote additional time and expense to gain familiarity with the market and effectively manage this asset. Many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in revenue and diversion of management’s time and energy from ongoing business concerns, which could materially affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. We conduct the operations of our Entertainment segment through OEG and our ownership is subject to the terms of agreements with A-OEG Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Atairos. Any disagreement with Atairos or its affiliate may adversely affect our interest in OEG. The limited liability company agreement for OEG gives A-OEG Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Atairos (the “OEG Investor”), certain rights, including consent rights regarding certain major decisions, which may limit our flexibility with respect to OEG. The OEG Investor may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with ours, and we could become engaged in a dispute or disagreement with them that might affect our ability to develop or operate the Entertainment business in any manner in which we see fit, thereby adversely affecting our ownership interest in OEG. Hospitality companies have been the target of class actions and other lawsuits alleging violations of federal and state law and other claims, and we may be subject to legal claims. Our operating income and profits may be reduced by legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of our employees, customers or other third parties. In recent years, a number of hospitality companies have been subject to lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters, discrimination, customer privacy breaches and other alleged violations of law. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial damages by the defendants. Similar lawsuits have been instituted against us from time to time and were resolved in an immaterial manner, but we cannot assure you that we will not incur substantial damages and expenses resulting from future lawsuits of this type or other claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, because we rely on third-party 28 Table of Contents managers to operate our hotel properties and certain attractions, we have limited control over defending lawsuits of this type or other claims. Risks Relating to Our Status as a REIT If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, we would be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates and would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders when computing our taxable income. If, in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT and are not entitled to relief under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”): ● we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income; and ● we would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes. This adverse impact could last for five or more years. Unless we are entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, we would be taxable as a C corporation beginning in the year in which the failure occurs, and we would not be allowed to re-elect to be taxed as a REIT for the following four years. If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may need to borrow additional funds or liquidate certain assets to pay any additional tax liability. Accordingly, funds available for investment or distribution to stockholders would be reduced. REIT qualification involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code to our operations, as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. Although we plan to operate in a manner consistent with the REIT qualification rules, we cannot assure you that we will so qualify or remain so qualified. As a REIT, failure to make required distributions to our stockholders would subject us to federal and state corporate income tax. Prior to 2012, we had not paid a cash distribution on our common stock since 1999. Beginning in 2013 we declared, and we intend to continue to declare when appropriate, cash dividends, the amount of which will be determined, and will be subject to adjustment, by our board of directors. Our board of directors has approved a dividend policy pursuant to which we will make minimum dividends of 100% of REIT taxable income annually, subject to the board of directors’ future determinations as to the amount of any distributions and the timing thereof. Our dividend policy may be altered at any time by our board of directors, and certain provisions of our debt agreements may prohibit us from paying dividends in accordance with any policy we may adopt. To qualify as a REIT, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains) each year to our stockholders. If our cash available for distribution falls short of our estimates, we may be unable to maintain the proposed quarterly distributions that approximate our taxable income and may fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT. In addition, our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal and state income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible expenditures. To the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to federal and state corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders for a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the Code. 29 Table of Contents Even though we are conducting our business as a REIT, certain of our business activities will be subject to corporate level income tax, which will continue to reduce our cash flows, and we will have potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities. Even though we are conducting our business as a REIT, we may be subject to certain federal, state, and local taxes on our income and assets, taxes on any undistributed income, and state or local income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. In addition, we could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Code to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. Our business related to the non-real estate assets of our Hospitality segment and the assets of our Entertainment segment is conducted through wholly-owned TRSs because these activities could generate non-qualifying REIT income as historically structured and operated. Those TRS assets and operations continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes in the jurisdictions in which those assets and operations are located. Any of these taxes would decrease our earnings and our available cash. In addition, net operating losses in any of our TRSs generally will not provide any tax benefit, except for use against current or future taxable income in the TRSs. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and increase the costs of our hedging and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. The REIT provisions of the Code limit our ability to hedge liabilities. Generally, income from hedging transactions that we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets and income from certain currency hedging transactions related to any non-U.S. operations do not constitute “gross income” for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRSs would be subject to tax on income or gains resulting from hedges entered into by them or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on us or our stockholders. At any time, the federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. Federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS, the United States Department of the Treasury and state taxing authorities. Changes to the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations, which may have retroactive application, could adversely affect us. We cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations applicable to us may be changed. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that any such change will not significantly affect our ability to qualify for taxation as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences to us of such qualification. Taxation of dividend income could make our stock less attractive to certain investors and reduce the market price of our stock. The maximum tax rate applicable to “qualified dividend income”, which includes income from dividends paid by domestic C corporations to non-corporate stockholders, is 20.0% plus a 3.8% “Medicare tax” applicable to individuals, trusts and estates whose income exceeds certain thresholds. Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income. A non-corporate taxpayer, however, may deduct 20% of the ordinary dividends (e.g. dividends that are not “capital gain dividends” or “qualified dividend income”) received from a REIT. Although this deduction reduces the effective U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs (which is generally 29.6% based on the current maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for individuals of 37%), this effective tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. The more favorable tax rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are 30 Table of Contents taxed at individual rates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of our stock. Even as a REIT, changes in federal, state, or local tax law, interpretations of existing tax law or agreements with tax authorities could affect our profitability and financial condition by increasing our tax costs or reduce the market price of our stock by making an investment in us less attractive to certain investors. We are subject to taxation at the federal, state and local levels in the United States. Our future tax rates could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in determinations regarding the jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. From time to time, the U.S. federal, state and local governments make substantive changes to tax rules and the application thereof, which could result in materially higher corporate taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law or interpretations and could adversely impact profitability. State and local tax authorities have increased their efforts to increase revenues through changes in tax law and audits. Such changes and proposals, if enacted, could increase our future effective income tax rates, as well as other taxes, including property taxes. New legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations, or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. The ability of our board of directors to revoke our REIT qualification, without stockholder approval, may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (“Charter”) provides that the board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate the REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to be a REIT, we will not be allowed a tax deduction with respect to distributions to our stockholders in computing our taxable income, and we will be subject to federal and state income tax at regular corporate rates and state and local taxes, which may have adverse consequences on our stock price, distributions, and total return to our stockholders. We may be required to borrow funds, sell assets, or issue equity to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements or maintain the asset ownership tests. To meet the REIT distribution requirements and maintain our qualification and taxation as a REIT, we may need to borrow funds, sell assets or issue equity, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, sales or offerings. Any insufficiency of our cash flows to cover our REIT distribution requirements could adversely impact our ability to raise short- and long-term debt, to sell assets, or to offer equity securities to fund distributions required to maintain our qualification and taxation as a REIT. Furthermore, the REIT distribution requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives. This would increase our total leverage. In addition, we may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash and common stock at the election of each stockholder, subject to certain limitations, including that the cash portion be at least 20% of the total distribution. If we make such a taxable dividend payable in cash and common stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends generally will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income. As a result, taxable stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. Moreover, if a significant number of our stockholders sold shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. We do not currently intend to pay taxable dividends of our common stock, although we may choose to do so in the future. If we fail to comply with certain REIT asset tests at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive assets. These actions may reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 31 Table of Contents Complying with REIT requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders, and the ownership of our common stock. Thus, compliance with these tests will require us to refrain from certain activities and may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities, and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our TRSs, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. Furthermore, acquisition opportunities may be adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with certain REIT requirements prior to closing. In addition, as a REIT, we may face investor pressures to forego growth opportunities that are not immediately accretive. We hold our non-qualifying REIT assets in one or more TRSs. These non-qualifying REIT assets consist primarily of non-real estate assets related to our Hospitality segment and the assets related to our Entertainment segment as historically structured and operated. We conduct a significant portion of our business activities through these TRSs. Under the Code, beginning in 2026, no more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the value of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs and other non-qualifying assets. These limitations may affect our ability to make additional investments in our Entertainment segment as historically structured and operated or in other non-REIT qualifying operations or assets. To meet our annual distribution requirements, we may be required to distribute amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, including amounts that may otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds, sell assets or issue equity to fund these distributions, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, sales or offerings. Our planned use of TRSs may cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. The net income of our TRSs is not required to be distributed to us, and income that is not distributed to us generally will not be subject to the REIT income distribution requirement. However, there may be limitations on our ability to accumulate earnings in our TRSs and the accumulation or reinvestment of significant earnings by our TRSs could result in adverse tax treatment. In particular, if the accumulation of cash in our TRSs causes the fair market value of our securities in our TRSs and certain other non-qualifying assets to exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the fair market value of our assets, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. If our leases of our hotel properties to TRS lessees are not true leases for federal income tax purposes, we may fail to qualify as a REIT. In order for the lease payments by our TRS lessees to our property-owning subsidiaries to qualify for purposes of the gross income tests, the lease or sublease must be considered a true lease for federal income tax purposes and must not be treated as a service contract, joint venture, or some other type of arrangement. We believe we have structured our leases and subleases of our hotel properties to our TRS lessees so that the leases will be considered true leases for federal income tax purposes, but there can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with this characterization. If Marriott or any future third-party hotel manager fails to qualify as an “eligible independent contractor,” or if our hotels are not “qualified lodging facilities,” we may fail to qualify as a REIT. Rent paid by a lessee or sublessee that is a “related party tenant” of ours will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs. An exception is provided, however, for leases of “qualified lodging facilities” to a TRS so long as the hotels are managed by an “eligible independent contractor” and certain other requirements are satisfied. We lease or sublease our hotel properties to TRS lessees, and such TRS lessees have engaged Marriott as a third-party hotel manager. We believe Marriott and any other third-party hotel manager that our TRS lessees may engage in the future will qualify as “eligible independent contractors” for federal income tax purposes. Among other requirements, to qualify as an “eligible independent contractor,” the third-party hotel manager must not own, directly or through its stockholders, more than 35% of our outstanding shares, and no person or group of persons can own more than 35% of our outstanding shares and the shares (or ownership interest) of the third-party hotel manager, taking into account certain ownership attribution rules. The ownership attribution rules that apply for purposes 32 Table of Contents of these 35% thresholds are complex, and monitoring actual and constructive ownership of our shares by the third-party hotel manager and their owners may not be practical. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that these ownership limits will not be exceeded. In addition, for a third-party hotel manager to qualify as an “eligible independent contractor,” such company or a related person must be actively engaged in the trade or business of operating “qualified lodging facilities” (as defined below) for one or more persons not related to the REIT or its TRSs at each time that such company enters into a hotel management contract with a TRS lessee. We believe that Marriott operates “qualified lodging facilities” for certain persons who are not related to us or our TRSs, and Marriott has agreed in the hotel management agreements that it, or its affiliates, are eligible independent contractors and will maintain such status. However, no assurances can be provided that Marriott or any other hotel managers that we may engage in the future will in fact comply with this requirement. Failure to comply with this requirement would require us to find other third-party hotel managers for future contracts, and, if we hired a third-party hotel manager without knowledge of the failure, it could jeopardize our status as a REIT. Finally, each property with respect to which our TRS lessees pay rent must be a “qualified lodging facility.” A “qualified lodging facility” is a hotel, motel or other establishment more than one-half of the dwelling units in which are used on a transient basis, including customary amenities and facilities, provided that no wagering activities are conducted at or in connection with such facility by any person who is engaged in the business of accepting wagers and who is legally authorized to engage in such business at or in connection with such facility. We believe that our current hotel properties are “qualified lodging facilities.” Although we intend to monitor future acquisitions and improvements of properties, REIT provisions of the Code provide only limited guidance for making determinations under the requirements for “qualified lodging facilities,” and there can be no assurance that these requirements will be satisfied. Risks Relating to Our Capital Structure Covenants in our current and future debt instruments may limit our ability to make required distributions to our stockholders in accordance with our announced intended dividend policy. Our credit facility imposes, and future financing agreements are likely to impose, operating and financial restrictions on our activities, including restrictions on the payment of dividends. These restrictions may prevent us from making distributions to our stockholders in accordance with our announced intended dividend policy. Our cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate. A REIT generally is required to distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders. Generally, our board of directors, in its sole discretion, will determine on a quarterly basis whether to pay a cash dividend and the amount of cash to be distributed to our stockholders based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, our results of operations, cash flow and capital requirements, economic conditions, tax considerations, borrowing capacity and other factors, including debt covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments and plans for future acquisitions and divestitures. Our board of directors approved a dividend policy pursuant to which we will make minimum dividends of 100% of REIT taxable income annually, subject to the board of directors’ future determinations as to the amount of any distributions and the timing thereof. The dividend policy may be altered at any time by our board of directors (as otherwise permitted by our credit agreement) and certain provisions of our agreements governing our other indebtedness may prohibit us from paying dividends in accordance with any policy we may adopt. Consequently, our distribution levels may be minimal and may fluctuate. We have invested in, and in the future may invest in, joint ventures, certain minority equity interests, mortgage loans, or mezzanine debt over which we may not have significant control, to or for which we may owe significant funding or obligations and for which there is no readily available market, and these investments may not be profitable. We may invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, by acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Further, we may invest in mortgage loans or mezzanine financing for a property, and any such investments may be second liens and lower in priority than any first lien lender. Any of the foregoing types of investments may not be liquid 33 Table of Contents and we may have little or no rights, or ability, to exercise the direction or control of the respective enterprises. In connection with these investments, we may have obligations under certain guarantees related to such investments. The ultimate value of any debt investments, joint ventures or minority investments will be dependent upon the efforts of others over an extended period of time. The nature of our interests and the absence of a readily available market for those interests restrict our ability to dispose of them. Our lack of control over the management of any business in which we are a creditor, joint owner or minority investor and the lack of a readily available market to sell our interest in these businesses may cause us to recognize a loss on our investment in these businesses or to incur costs or liabilities that we do not control, but for which we may be required to contribute capital or satisfy financial commitments. These arrangements are subject to uncertainties and risks, including those related to credit risk, conflicting joint venture partner interests, including with respect to competition in other markets, and to our joint venture partners failing to meet their financial or other obligations. Our substantial debt could reduce our cash flow and limit our business activities. We currently have a significant amount of debt. At December 31, 2025, we had approximately $4.0 billion of total debt. We may incur additional debt in connection with acquisitions of properties or businesses, development, investment in new projects, renovations, or capital improvement. Our substantial amount of debt could have important consequences. For example, it could: ● increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; ● require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to make distributions to our stockholders and to fund future capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate requirements; ● limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the hospitality industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with competitors that are less leveraged; ● limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity; and ● limit our ability to obtain additional financing for various projects, including possible expansions of our existing properties and acquisitions of additional properties. In addition, the terms of our credit agreements allow, and instruments governing any new debt may allow, us to incur substantial amounts of additional debt subject to certain limitations. Any such additional debt could increase the risks associated with our substantial leverage. At the time any principal amount of our indebtedness is due, we may not have cash available to pay this amount, and we may not be able to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. We could be required to refinance our debt before it matures and there is no assurance that we will be able to refinance our debt on acceptable terms. Our ability to refinance each of our agreements governing our indebtedness on acceptable terms will be dependent upon a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, the value of our assets, borrowing restrictions which may be imposed by lenders and conditions in the credit markets at the time we refinance. Rising interest rates may make future refinancing more difficult to obtain on favorable terms. In addition, although we have previously been successful in negotiating amendments to our credit agreement, we may be unsuccessful in negotiating any further amendments or modifications to the agreements governing our indebtedness as we may deem necessary. To the extent we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced to choose from a number of unfavorable options, including agreeing to otherwise unfavorable financing terms, selling one or more hotel properties at unattractive prices or on disadvantageous terms, or defaulting on mortgages and allowing our lenders to foreclose. Any one of these options could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 34 Table of Contents To service our debt and pay other obligations, we will require a significant amount of cash, which may not be available to us. Our ability to make payments on, repay or refinance our debt, including our obligations under our senior notes and any future debt we may incur, and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend largely upon our future operating performance and our ability to generate cash from operations. Our future performance, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future to make payments on our debt and other obligations will depend on the satisfaction of the covenants and financial ratios in our senior credit facility and our other debt agreements, including other agreements we may enter into in the future. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or we may not have future borrowings available to us under our credit facility or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. The agreements governing our debt contain various covenants that may limit our ability to operate our business and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Our existing financial agreements, including our revolving and term loan B credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior unsecured notes, impose, and future financing agreements are likely to impose, operating and financial restrictions on our activities, including our ability to make distributions to any stockholder. Our credit facility has required and in the future will require us to comply with or maintain certain financial tests and ratios, including minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, minimum implied debt service coverage ratio and maximum funded debt to asset value ratio, and we expect will require us to comply with these tests in the future. Our financial agreements may prohibit or limit our ability to, among other things, in certain circumstances: ● incur additional debt, issue guarantees of debt and issue preferred stock; ● create liens; ● sell assets; ● sell equity interests in our restricted subsidiaries; ● redeem and/or prepay certain debt; ● pay dividends on our stock to our stockholders or repurchase our stock or other equity interests; ● make certain investments; ● enter new lines of business; ● engage in consolidations, mergers and acquisitions; ● enter into transactions with affiliates; or ● agree to restrictions on our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to us. If we fail to comply with these covenants, we would be in default under our credit facility and the indentures governing our senior unsecured notes, and the outstanding principal and accrued interest on such debt would become due and payable. Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants and maintain applicable financial tests and ratios. Failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross- 35 Table of Contents default provisions. A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity for the debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt, including, in the case of our existing credit facility, our subsidiaries that are the fee owners of Gaylord Opryland and Gaylord Texan, their respective direct and indirect parent entities, and the equity of Ryman Hotel Operations Holdco, LLC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company; and in the case of the OEG term loan, the OEG assets. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to pay dividends, incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing and to make distributions to our stockholders in accordance with any dividend policy. Our indebtedness is secured by a substantial portion of our assets. Subject to applicable laws and certain agreed-upon exceptions, our revolving credit facility and term loan B are secured by equity pledges of our subsidiaries that are the fee owners of Gaylord Opryland and Gaylord Texan, their respective direct and indirect parent entities, and the equity of Ryman Hotel Operations Holdco, LLC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. The OEG term loan and OEG revolver are secured by substantially all of the assets of OEG Finance and each of its subsidiaries. In the event of a default under our credit facility, or if we experience insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the holders of our secured debt instruments would first be entitled to payment from their collateral security, and only then would holders of our unsecured debt be entitled to payment from our remaining assets. We are a holding company and depend upon our subsidiaries’ cash flow to meet our debt service obligations. We are a holding company, and we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries, including our TRSs. As a result, our ability to meet our debt service obligations substantially depends upon our subsidiaries’ cash flows and payments of funds to us by our subsidiaries as dividends, loans, advances, leases or other payments. The payment of dividends and/or making of loans, advances, leases or other payments by our subsidiaries will be subject to the approval of those subsidiaries’ boards. Our subsidiaries’ ability to pay such dividends and/or make such loans, advances, leases or other payments may also be restricted by, among other things, applicable laws and regulations, current and future debt agreements, and management agreements into which our subsidiaries may enter. Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly. Certain of our indebtedness bears interest at variable interest rates that use Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”). SOFR is calculated based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by U.S. Treasury securities, and Adjusted Term SOFR is a forward-looking term rate currently published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. As a result of such variable interest rates, our interest expense may increase, our ability to refinance some or all of our existing indebtedness may be affected, and our available cash flow may be adversely affected. Our organizational documents and Delaware law could make it difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. Our Charter and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions that could delay, deter or prevent a change in control of our company or our management. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions: ● impose restrictions on transfer and ownership of our common stock that are designed to assist us in maintaining our status as a REIT; ● authorize us to issue “blank check” preferred stock, which is preferred stock that can be created and issued by our board of directors, without stockholder approval, with rights senior to those of common stock; ● establish advance notice requirements for submitting nominations for election to our board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at meetings; 36 Table of Contents ● provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by our chairman or by a majority of the members of our board of directors; ● prohibit stockholder actions taken on written consent; and ● impose restrictions on ownership of common stock by certain persons (including non-United States persons) due to our ownership of a radio station. We are subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could also delay or prevent a change of control. Together, our Charter, Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Delaware law may discourage transactions that otherwise could provide for the payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock, and also could limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. The ownership limitations in our Charter may restrict or prevent stockholders from engaging in certain transfers of our common stock. To qualify and remain qualified as a REIT, no more than 50% in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include various kinds of entities) during the last half of any taxable year. To assist us in qualifying as a REIT, our Charter contains a share ownership limit. Generally, any of our shares owned by affiliated owners will be added together for purposes of the share ownership limit. This share ownership limit provides that (subject to certain exceptions) no person may beneficially own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.8%, in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our capital stock, or any class or series of our capital stock. If anyone transfers shares in a manner that would violate the share ownership limit or prevent us from qualifying as a REIT, those shares instead will be transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and will be either redeemed by us or sold to a person whose ownership of the shares will not violate the share ownership limit or we will consider the transfer to be null and void from the outset, and the intended transferee of those shares will be deemed never to have owned the shares. Our Charter also prohibits the ownership of shares by any person or entity if such ownership would violate or otherwise be inconsistent with federal communications laws or regulations pertaining to the ownership of television or radio stations, cable television or other radio authorizations by (i) foreign persons or entities, (ii) persons or entities having interests in television or radio broadcast stations, newspapers or cable television systems, and (iii) entities seeking direct or indirect control of us without prior federal regulatory approval. In the event of a transfer that would result in a violation or inconsistency with federal communications laws or regulations, we may refuse to permit the transfer, suspend the rights of share ownership as necessary to prohibit the violation or inconsistency, or redeem the shares. Anyone who acquires shares in violation of the share ownership limit or the other restrictions on transfer in our Charter bears the risk of suffering a financial loss when the shares are redeemed or sold if the market price of our shares falls between the date of purchase and the date of redemption or sale. In addition, these ownership limitations may prevent an acquisition of control of us by a third party without the approval of our board of directors, even if our stockholders believe the change of control is in their interest. The market price of our common stock may vary substantially based on changes in market interest rates and other factors. The trading prices of equity securities issued by REITs have historically been affected, including in recent quarters, by changes in market interest rates and other factors. One of the factors that may influence the market price of our common stock is the annual yield from distributions on our common stock as compared to yields on other financial instruments. The U.S. has experienced, and may continue to experience, increases in market interest rates. Further increases in market interest rates, or a decrease in our distributions to stockholders, may lead prospective purchasers of our shares to demand a higher annual yield and choose other investments, which could reduce the market price of our common stock. Further, rising interest rates may reduce our available cash flow and diminish our ability to reinvest in our assets, which may harm our business. 37 Table of Contents Other factors that could affect the market price of our common stock include the following: ● actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations; ● changes in market valuations of companies in the hotel or real estate industries; ● changes in expectations of future financial performance or changes in estimates of security analysts; ● fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes; ● issuances of common stock or other securities in the future; ● disputes with our hotel managers; ● the addition or departure of key personnel; ● announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; and ● unforeseen events beyond our control, such as terrorist attacks, travel related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics, political instability, regional hostilities, increases in fuel prices, imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities, travel related accidents and unusual weather patterns, including natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and tornadoes. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity We have strategically integrated cybersecurity risk management into our broader enterprise risk management function to promote a company-wide culture of cybersecurity risk management. Our board of directors has general oversight responsibility for our enterprise risk management function, which includes specific areas of focus including competitive, economic, operational, financial (accounting, credit, liquidity and tax), legal, compliance, information technology security programs (including cybersecurity), sustainability/corporate responsibility, political and reputational risks. Our board of directors has delegated oversight of certain of these areas to the committees of our board of directors, including delegating the oversight of our information technology security programs (including cybersecurity) to the risk committee of our board of directors (the “ Risk Committee ”). We believe this division of risk management-related roles to the committees of our board of directors fosters an atmosphere of significant involvement in the oversight of risk at the board level and complements our risk management policies. The oversight responsibility of our board of directors is facilitated by a management report process that is designed to provide both visibility and transparency to our board of directors about the identification, assessment and management of critical risks and management’s risk mitigation strategies. Our risk management team, which includes members of senior management, including our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and General Counsel, as well as external consultants , works closely with our information technology department (“IT Department”) to continuously evaluate and address cybersecurity risks relevant to our business and operations. In addition, we have set company-wide policies and procedures that directly or indirectly relate to cybersecurity matters, such as policies related to encryption standards, antivirus protection, access removal, multifactor authentication, confidential information or use of the internet, social media, email and wireless devices. These policies go through an annual internal management review and approval process. Our CIO and our Vice President of IT (“VP of IT”) are primarily responsible for our overall information security, strategy, policy, security engineering, operations and cybersecurity threat detection and the management of cybersecurity 38 Table of Contents risks. Our CIO and VP of IT, collectively, have over fifty years of experience working in the information technology and cybersecurity field and have extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity and information technology programs and cybersecurity risk. Our CIO and VP of IT hold degrees in the information technology and cybersecurity fields, as well as hold certain cybersecurity and other relevant technology certifications. The CIO meets with our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), on a weekly basis, and the CFO, on a monthly basis, to discuss all relevant business risks, including cybersecurity risks and threats. In addition to regular reports from our CIO and vice president of internal audit regarding our program for managing our information security risks, including data privacy and protection risks we face, the CIO and VP of IT also meet quarterly with the Risk Committee to inform them of current cybersecurity risks and threats, as well as cybersecurity enhancement projects. Our full board of directors receives an annual update regarding the current cybersecurity environment from our CIO, which may include presentations from external consultants. Our Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) committee, which includes several members of senior management, including our CFO, our CIO, and a Certified Information Systems Auditor, also presents all of our top organizational and operational risks, including information security-related risks, focus areas and accomplishments throughout our various businesses, to the Risk Committee on a quarterly basis . Our IT Department management team meets monthly to assess and review cybersecurity status, which includes dashboard reviews, operational risks and company compliance. Annually, our internal audit group and third-party consultants meet with our IT Department to perform risk assessment walkthrough meetings, discuss potential enhancements, materiality of risks and alignment with the Center for Internet Security Critical Security Controls framework. In addition, we engage third-party consultants to perform periodic red team exercises and external penetration tests. We promote a culture of cybersecurity compliance throughout our organization, including required monthly cybersecurity training for all employees with company accounts and annual training for service-related employees on cybersecurity related topics, including social engineering (e.g., phishing, vishing and smishing), ransomware, denial of service or information, and other security breach tactics. We conduct quarterly ERM discussions where top risk owners discuss how risks have changed and how such risks are being addressed with approaches designed to mitigate such risks. In addition to assessing our own cybersecurity preparedness and as part of our overall cybersecurity risk management framework, we also consider and evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers. We perform a formal System and Organization Controls (“SOC”) review process annually on our financially significant third-party service providers, which includes our internal assessment of complementary user entity controls. All other material third-party service providers undergo assessment as a contract is entered into or renewed to ensure cybersecurity alignment. Our internal audit group meets regularly with management team members of Marriott, our third-party hotel manager, to assess security applications compliance. We also regularly meet with management team members of Marriott to understand system upgrades, changes and associated risks with third-party managed applications. In addition, we generally require our third-party service providers to promptly notify us of any actual or suspected breach impacting our data or operations. In assessing cybersecurity threats, our IT Department has established controls and procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents, including a process to evaluate the significance of a cybersecurity incident. Members of senior management, including our General Counsel and CFO, are tasked with performing a materiality assessment in the event of a cybersecurity incident, which includes the consideration of relevant quantitative and qualitative factors, as well as SEC guidance. Based on the results of this evaluation, further escalation of the cybersecurity event may occur, which may include our CEO, our board of directors and/or law enforcement. In addition, members of senior management will determine, based on the assessment described above, whether the cybersecurity incident requires disclosure with the SEC. We currently maintain a cybersecurity insurance policy that provides coverage for security incidents and periodically meet with our insurer to discuss emerging trends in cybersecurity. We do not believe that any risks we have identified to date from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, notwithstanding the programs, policies and procedures described above, there can be no assurance that we or businesses with which we interact will not experience a cybersecurity incident that materially affects us in the future. For 39 Table of Contents more information about the cybersecurity risks we face, see the risk factor entitled “Cybersecurity incidents, including the failure to protect the integrity or availability of IT systems or the security of confidential information, or the introduction of malware or ransomware, could harm our business.” in

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of property and equipment were determined principally based on the cost approach, which uses assumptions regarding replacement values from established indices. The valuation of intangible assets was based on various methods to evaluate the values of advanced bookings previously received for the hotel and the values of golf memberships and water rights for the golf course. The Company considers each of these estimates as Level 3 fair value measurements. 88 Table of Contents The Company determined that the acquisition represents an asset acquisition and has capitalized transaction costs and allocated the purchase price to the relative fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, adjusted for working capital adjustments as set forth in the purchase agreement and transaction costs, as follows (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ Property and equipment ​ $ 772,821 Cash and cash equivalents - unrestricted ​ 12,690 Cash and cash equivalents - restricted ​ ​ 5,477 Trade receivables ​ 14,743 Prepaid expenses and other assets ​ 3,953 Intangible assets ​ 25,097 Total assets acquired ​ ​ 834,781 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ​ ​ ( 25,148 ) Total liabilities assumed ​ ​ ( 25,148 ) Net assets acquired ​ $ 809,633 ​ JW Marriott Desert Ridge Transaction On June 10, 2025, the Company purchased JW Marriott Desert Ridge for approximately $ 865 million. Situated on approximately 402 acres on Arizona’s Sonoran Desert, JW Marriott Desert Ridge is a premier group-oriented resort with 950 rooms and approximately 243,000 total square feet of indoor and outdoor meeting and event space. The resort’s amenities include a 28,000 square-foot spa, seven food and beverage outlets, a 140,000 square-foot water experience, and two 18-hole golf courses. The Company funded the purchase price with a portion of the approximately $ 275.5 million in net proceeds of an underwritten registered public offering of approximately 3.0 million shares of the Company’s common stock (see Note 9, “Equity”) and approximately $ 614 million in net proceeds of a private placement of $ 625 million aggregate principal amount of 6.50 % senior notes due 2033 (see Note 4, “Debt”). JW Marriott Desert Ridge assets and operations are reflected in the Company’s Hospitality segment beginning June 10, 2025. The Company performed a valuation of the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed as of June 10, 2025. The valuations of the various components of property and equipment were determined principally based on the cost approach, which uses assumptions regarding replacement values from established indices. The valuation of intangible assets was based on various methods to evaluate the value of a below market ground lease and the values of advanced bookings previously received for the hotel. The Company considers each of these estimates as Level 3 fair value measurements. The Company determined that the acquisition represents an asset acquisition and has capitalized transaction costs and allocated the purchase price to the relative fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, adjusted for working capital adjustments as set forth in the purchase agreement and transaction costs, as follows (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ Property and equipment ​ $ 747,377 Cash and cash equivalents - unrestricted ​ 5,891 Cash and cash equivalents - restricted ​ ​ 1,661 Trade receivables ​ 14,426 Prepaid expenses and other assets ​ 3,547 Intangible assets ​ 114,875 Total assets acquired ​ ​ 887,777 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ​ ​ ( 18,267 ) Total liabilities assumed ​ ​ ( 18,267 ) Net assets acquired ​ $ 869,510 ​ ​ 89 Table of Contents Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost or initially at estimated fair value if recorded in connection with purchase accounting. Improvements and significant renovations that extend the lives of existing assets are capitalized. Interest on funds borrowed to finance the construction of major capital additions is included in the cost of the applicable capital addition. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Property and equipment are generally depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: ​ ​ ​ ​ Buildings ​ ​ ​ 40 years Land improvements 20 years Furniture, fixtures and equipment 5 - 8 years Leasehold improvements The shorter of the lease term or useful life ​ Cash and Cash Equivalents — Unrestricted The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances in excess of insured limits with various financial institutions. Cash and Cash Equivalents — Restricted Restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represent funds held by our property manager for furniture, fixtures and equipment reserves. In addition, based on its former loan agreement, Block 21 was required to maintain a restricted cash balance related to debt service, property tax, insurance and other payments. Such cash amounts are also included in restricted cash for 2024, but were released upon defeasance of the loan in 2025. Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest, net considering amounts from interest rate swaps, for the years ended December 31 was comprised of (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Debt interest paid ​ $ 230,058 ​ $ 210,650 ​ $ 183,479 Capitalized interest ​ ( 4,571 ) ​ ( 7,560 ) ​ ( 2,483 ) Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest ​ $ 225,487 ​ $ 203,090 ​ $ 180,996 ​ Accounts Receivable The Company’s accounts receivable are primarily generated by meetings and convention attendees’ room nights and food and beverage. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized. Credit risk associated with the accounts receivable is minimized due to the large and diverse nature of the customer base. Credit Loss Reserves on Receivables The Company provides for credit loss reserves based upon a percentage of accounts receivable that considers historical write-offs, current economic conditions, and management’s expectations about future economic conditions, as well as periodic evaluations of the aging of accounts receivable. The Company provides credit loss reserves for the Gaylord National bonds by comparing the amortized cost basis to their present value. If the amortized cost basis exceeds the present value, an expected credit loss exists and the allowance for credit losses is measured as the difference between the bonds’ amortized cost basis and present value, which is 90 Table of Contents estimated using discounted cash flow analyses that utilize comprehensive cash flow projections over the contractual life of the bonds, as well as observable market data to the extent available. The Company considers each of these estimates as Level 3 fair value measurements. Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets Prepaid expenses and other assets at December 31 consist of (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 Prepaid expenses ​ $ 33,824 ​ $ 26,872 Supplemental deferred compensation plan assets ​ 45,034 ​ 37,440 Tax rebate receivables ​ ​ 31,678 ​ ​ 34,780 Inventories ​ 16,936 ​ 16,134 Right-of-use assets for operating leases ​ ​ 41,361 ​ ​ 22,079 Deferred financing costs on revolving credit facilities ​ ​ 5,359 ​ ​ 6,162 Derivative assets ​ ​ 713 ​ ​ — Other ​ 21,893 ​ 34,624 Total prepaid expenses and other assets ​ $ 196,798 ​ $ 178,091 ​ Prepaid expenses consist of prepayments for property taxes, insurance and other contracts that will be expensed during the subsequent year. Inventories consist primarily of food and beverage inventory for resale and retail inventory sold in the Entertainment segment. Inventory is carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed on an average cost basis. Other assets include capitalized software costs, non-trade receivables, and investments in joint ventures, among others. Gaylord Rockies is party to an incentive agreement with the local government that provides that Gaylord Rockies is entitled to receive monthly rebates of certain city and state taxes, including property, sales and lodging taxes. The term of the rebate agreement varies by type of tax but ranges from 25 - 33 years from commencement of the construction of Gaylord Rockies. Gaylord Rockies earned $ 50.6 million, $ 52.2 million and $ 52.8 million in rebates in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are generally recorded as a reduction in other hotel expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Intangible Assets and Goodwill In connection with the Company’s purchase price allocations related to its various acquisitions, the Company has acquired certain definite-lived intangibles, which include the original estimated fair value of advanced bookings at its acquired hotel properties, the original estimated fair value of a below market ground lease at JW Marriott Desert Ridge, the estimated fair value of various trademarks, and, in the case of the Gaylord Rockies acquisition, the original estimated fair value related to the Gaylord Hotels trade name, which Marriott owns. The advanced bookings assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over a period corresponding with the period in which the advanced bookings relate, the below market ground lease is amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related lease, the various trademarks are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of fifteen years , and the value in the trade name is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 30 years , which is the period of the Marriott management agreement. The gross carrying amount of intangible assets and goodwill at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 334.9 million and $ 274.9 million, respectively. Accumulated amortization of intangible assets at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 48.2 million and $ 158.5 million, respectively. Amortization expense related to intangible assets during 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 15.4 million, $ 7.8 million and $ 6.8 million, respectively. 91 Table of Contents The estimated amounts of amortization expense for the next five years are as follows (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2026 ​ ​ ​ $ 18,205 2027 ​ 15,699 2028 ​ 9,987 2029 ​ 9,987 2030 ​ 9,747 ​ ​ $ 63,625 ​ Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities at December 31 consist of (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 Trade accounts payable ​ $ 43,408 ​ $ 58,366 Property and other taxes payable ​ 99,374 ​ 91,941 Deferred revenues ​ 220,604 ​ 173,029 Accrued salaries and benefits ​ 51,519 ​ 45,780 Interest payable ​ 49,573 ​ 48,415 Other accrued liabilities ​ 53,230 ​ 49,040 Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities ​ $ 517,708 ​ $ 466,571 ​ Deferred revenues consist primarily of deposits on advance bookings of hotel rooms and advance ticket sales at the Company’s entertainment properties, as well as uncollected attrition and cancellation fees. Other accrued liabilities include accruals for, among others, purchasing, meeting planner commissions and utilities. Income Taxes The Company establishes deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the difference between the financial statement and income tax carrying amounts of assets and liabilities using existing tax laws and tax rates. The Company reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, if any. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. See Note 10, “Income Taxes,” for more detail on the Company’s income taxes. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in the tax rate is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date of the rate change. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The Company has considered all available positive and negative evidence in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. Deferred Management Rights Proceeds The Company has deferred and amortizes the proceeds received from Marriott that were allocated to the sale of the management rights, as discussed further in Note 5, “Deferred Management Rights Proceeds,” on a straight-line basis over the term of the hotel management agreements, including extensions, as a reduction in management fee expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 92 Table of Contents Other Liabilities Other liabilities at December 31 consist of (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 Pension and postretirement benefits liability ​ $ 11,160 ​ $ 12,649 Deferred compensation liability ​ 45,034 ​ 37,440 Derivative liabilities ​ ​ — ​ ​ 386 Other ​ 18,057 ​ 16,330 Total other liabilities ​ $ 74,251 ​ $ 66,805 ​ Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs (“DFCs”) consist of loan fees and other costs of financing that are amortized over the term of the related financing agreements, using the effective interest method, and are generally presented as a reduction of the related debt liability. DFCs on the Company’s revolving credit facility and the OEG revolving credit facility are included in prepaid expenses and other assets when the related revolving credit facility has no outstanding balance. During 2025, 2024 and 2023, DFCs of $ 11.9 million, $ 10.7 million and $ 10.7 million, respectively, were amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Noncontrolling Interest in Opry Entertainment Group Noncontrolling interest in OEG represents the minority investor’s proportionate share of the assets and liabilities of OEG, adjusted for changes in the redemption value of the related put rights. The noncontrolling interest is classified in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheets as the related redemption options do not meet the requirements for permanent equity classification because these redemption options may be redeemed by the holder as described above in “OEG Investor.” The initial value of the noncontrolling interest in OEG, which included certain put rights, was estimated based on the purchase price received from the OEG Investor. In general, the carrying value will be based on the greater of the accumulated historical cost or the put right redemption value, and at December 31, 2025, approximates the fair value of the noncontrolling interest. An adjustment is also made for the OEG Investor’s proportionate share of income or loss in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Noncontrolling Interests OP Units Certain former owners of interests in the previous Gaylord Rockies joint venture received units of the Operating Partnership (“OP Units”) in exchange for their interests. Such OP Units have economic terms that are substantially similar to shares of the Company’s common stock and are redeemable at the option of the holders thereof. The noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership represents the limited partners’ proportionate share of the equity of the Operating Partnership. The noncontrolling interest is classified in the equity section of the consolidated balance sheets, separately from stockholders’ equity, as the related redemption options are redeemable for cash, or if the Company so elects, in unregistered shares of the Company’s common stock on a one -for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments. An adjustment is made for the limited partners’ proportionate share of income or loss in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2025, 0.4 million outstanding OP Units, or 0.6 % of the outstanding OP Units, were held by the noncontrolling limited partners and are included as a component of equity in the 93 Table of Contents accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, the remaining 99.4 % of the outstanding OP Units. Southern Entertainment The Company purchased a majority and controlling equity interest in Southern Entertainment in January 2025. The noncontrolling interest in Southern Entertainment represents the previous owners’ proportionate share of the assets and liabilities of Southern Entertainment, adjusted for the previous owners’ proportionate share of income or loss in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Revenue Recognition Revenues from occupied hotel rooms are recognized over time as the daily hotel stay is provided to hotel groups and guests. Revenues from concessions, food and beverage sales and group meeting services are recognized over the period or at the point in time those goods or services are delivered to the hotel group or guest. Revenues from ancillary services at the Company’s hotels, such as spa, parking, and transportation services, are generally recognized at the time the goods or services are provided. Cancellation fees and attrition fees, which are charged to groups when they do not fulfill the minimum number of room nights or minimum food and beverage spending requirements originally contracted for, are generally recognized as revenue in the period the Company determines it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized will not occur, which is typically the period these fees are collected. The Company generally recognizes revenues from the Entertainment segment at the point in time that services are provided or goods are delivered or shipped to the customer, as applicable. Cash received from advanced ticket sales is deferred and recognized as revenue at the time of the event. Entertainment segment revenues from licenses of content are recognized at the point in time the content is delivered to the licensee and the licensee can use and benefit from the content. The Company is required to collect certain taxes from customers on behalf of government agencies and remit these to the applicable governmental entity on a periodic basis. These taxes are collected from customers at the time of purchase but are not included in revenue. The Company records a liability upon collection from the customer and relieves the liability when payments are remitted to the applicable governmental agency. The Company’s revenues disaggregated by major source are as follows (in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Hotel group rooms ​ $ 538,519 ​ $ 509,014 ​ $ 462,674 Hotel transient rooms ​ 260,787 235,573 238,464 Hotel food and beverage - banquets ​ 680,304 666,525 569,803 Hotel food and beverage - outlets ​ 313,650 274,302 261,993 Hotel other ​ 349,826 311,636 300,544 Entertainment admissions/ticketing ​ 168,143 ​ ​ 126,897 ​ ​ 124,647 Entertainment food and beverage ​ 152,461 ​ ​ 125,862 ​ ​ 107,335 Entertainment retail and other ​ 113,371 ​ ​ 89,417 ​ ​ 92,676 Total revenues $ 2,577,061 $ 2,339,226 $ 2,158,136 ​ 94 Table of Contents The Company’s Hospitality segment revenues disaggregated by location are as follows (in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Gaylord Opryland $ 484,104 ​ $ 495,552 ​ $ 474,884 Gaylord Palms ​ 316,498 ​ 302,371 ​ 309,616 Gaylord Texan ​ 349,264 ​ 351,151 ​ 358,399 Gaylord National ​ 336,257 ​ 311,330 ​ 307,139 Gaylord Rockies ​ ​ 313,233 ​ ​ 290,141 ​ ​ 266,737 JW Marriott Hill Country ​ ​ 227,182 ​ ​ 220,524 ​ ​ 92,813 JW Marriott Desert Ridge ​ ​ 91,583 ​ ​ — ​ ​ — AC Hotel ​ 11,492 ​ 12,647 ​ 11,997 Inn at Opryland and other ​ 13,473 ​ 13,334 ​ 11,893 Total Hospitality segment revenues ​ $ 2,143,086 ​ $ 1,997,050 ​ $ 1,833,478 ​ The majority of the Company’s Entertainment segment revenues are concentrated in Nashville, Tennessee; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Austin, Texas. The Company records deferred revenues when cash payments are received in advance of its performance obligations, primarily related to advanced deposits on hotel rooms in its Hospitality segment and advanced ticketing in its OEG venues. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had $ 220.6 million and $ 173.0 million, respectively, in deferred revenues, which are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Of the amount outstanding at December 31, 2024, approximately $ 134.6 million was recognized in revenues during 2025. Management Fees The Company pays Marriott a base management fee based on the gross revenues from the applicable property for each fiscal year or portion thereof. The applicable percentage for the Gaylord Hotels properties, excluding Gaylord Rockies, is approximately 2 % of gross revenues, Gaylord Rockies and JW Marriott Desert Ridge are approximately 3 % of revenues, and JW Marriott Hill Country is approximately 3.5 % of gross revenues. Additionally, the Company pays Marriott an incentive management fee based on the profitability of the properties. The Company incurred $ 52.4 million, $ 48.0 million and $ 42.8 million in base management fees to Marriott during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company incurred $ 27.4 million, $ 30.0 million and $ 28.5 million in incentive fees to Marriott during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Management fees are presented in the consolidated statements of operations net of the amortization of the deferred management rights proceeds discussed further in Note 5, “Deferred Management Rights Proceeds.” Advertising Costs Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and were $ 78.5 million, $ 71.4 million, and $ 65.0 million for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Equity-Based Compensation The Company has equity-based employee compensation plans, which are described more fully in Note 7, “Stock Plans.” The Company accounts for its equity-based compensation plan under the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718, “ Compensation – Stock Compensation .” Preopening Costs The Company expenses the costs associated with start-up activities and organization costs associated with its development or reopening of hotels and significant attractions as incurred. The Company’s preopening costs during 2025 include costs associated with Category 10 Las Vegas, which is expected to open in late 2026. The Company’s preopening costs during 2024 include costs associated with Category 10 Nashville, which opened in November 2024 and 95 Table of Contents Ole Red Las Vegas, which opened in January 2024. The Company’s preopening costs during 2023 include costs associated with Ole Red Las Vegas. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company has entered into and may in the future enter into additional interest rate swap agreements to hedge against interest rate fluctuations. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and currently does not hold any derivatives that are not designated as hedges. For derivatives designated as and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative resulting from recording each instrument at estimated fair value is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified to interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. These amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the related variable-rate debt. The Company estimates that $ 0.5 million will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to a decrease in interest expense in the next twelve months. Impairment of Long-Lived and Other Assets In accounting for the Company’s long-lived and other assets (including its property and equipment and intangible assets), the Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets that will continue to be used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset or asset group to the related total future undiscounted net cash flows. If an asset or asset group’s carrying value is not recoverable through those cash flows, the asset group is considered to be impaired. The impairment is measured by the excess of the assets’ carrying amount over their fair value, which is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses that utilize comprehensive cash flow projections, as well as observable market data to the extent available. The Company recorded no impairment losses on property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets during 2025, 2024 or 2023. Income Per Share Income per share is measured as basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding after considering the effect of conversion of dilutive instruments, calculated using the treasury stock method or if-converted method, as applicable. Net income per share amounts are calculated as follows for the years ended December 31 (income and share amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2023 Numerator: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Net income available to common stockholders ​ $ 243,425 ​ $ 271,638 ​ $ 311,217 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in OEG ​ 4,919 ​ 6,760 ​ — Net income available to common stockholders - if-converted method ​ $ 248,344 ​ $ 278,398 ​ $ 311,217 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Denominator: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Weighted average shares outstanding - basic ​ ​ 61,830 ​ ​ 59,859 ​ ​ 57,750 Effect of dilutive equity-based compensation ​ ​ 184 ​ ​ 281 ​ ​ 311 Effect of dilutive put rights ​ ​ 3,943 ​ 3,492 ​ — Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted ​ ​ 65,957 ​ 63,632 ​ 58,061 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Basic income per share available to common stockholders ​ $ 3.94 ​ $ 4.54 ​ $ 5.39 Diluted income per share available to common stockholders ​ $ 3.77 ​ $ 4.38 ​ $ 5.36 96 Table of Contents ​ As more fully discussed above in “OEG Investor,” although currently not exercisable, the OEG Investor has certain put rights (the “OEG Put Rights”) to require the Company to purchase the OEG Investor’s equity interest in OEG, which the Company may pay in cash or Company stock, at the Company’s option. The Company calculated potential dilution for the OEG Put Rights based on the if-converted method, which assumes the OEG Put Rights were converted on the first day of the period or the date of issuance and the OEG Investor’s noncontrolling equity interest was redeemed in exchange for shares of the Company’s common stock. For 2023, the effect of the OEG Put Rights was the equivalent of 4.2 million shares of Company common stock outstanding. Because the OEG Put Rights were anti-dilutive for 2023, such incremental shares were excluded from the computation of dilutive earnings per share. ​ The OP Units held by the noncontrolling interest holders in the Operating Partnership have been excluded from the denominator of the diluted income per share calculation as there would be no effect on the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the income or loss attributable to the OP Units held by the noncontrolling interest holders would also be added or subtracted to derive net income available to common stockholders. ​ Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Newly Issued Accounting Standards In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, “ Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ,” requiring public entities to provide additional information in the rate reconciliation, to disclose annually income taxes paid disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes and to disaggregate the information by jurisdiction based on a quantitative threshold. The Company retrospectively adopted this guidance for fiscal year 2025, and such adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, “ Expense Disaggregation Disclosures ,” requiring public companies to disclose, on an annual and interim basis, disaggregated information about certain income statement line items, including employee compensation, purchases of inventory, depreciation, intangible asset amortization and depletion for each income statement line item that includes those expenses. The guidance is applied prospectively, but with the option to apply retrospectively, and will be effective for the Company for fiscal year 2027. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU but does not anticipate this adoption to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-11, “ Interim Reporting – Narrow-Scope Improvements ,” which is intended to improve the navigability of previous guidance and clarify when that guidance is applicable. Among other items, it establishes a principle under which an entity must disclose events since the end of the last annual reporting period that have a material impact on the entity. ASU 2025-11 is not intended to change the fundamental nature of interim reporting or expand or reduce current interim disclosure requirements. The guidance may be applied retrospectively or prospectively and will be effective for the Company for interim periods beginning in fiscal year 2028. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU but does not anticipate this adoption to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 97 Table of Contents 2. Property and Equipment Property and equipment at December 31 is recorded at cost, with the exception of right-of-use finance leases and the initial value assigned to assets acquired in an acquisition, and summarized as follows (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 Land and land improvements ​ $ 731,497 ​ $ 613,870 Buildings ​ 5,258,989 ​ 4,593,839 Furniture, fixtures and equipment ​ 1,516,736 ​ 1,329,039 Right-of-use finance lease assets ​ ​ 1,841 ​ ​ 1,017 Construction-in-progress ​ 185,275 ​ 110,897 ​ ​ 7,694,338 ​ 6,648,662 Accumulated depreciation and amortization ​ ( 2,723,909 ) ​ ( 2,524,280 ) Property and equipment, net ​ $ 4,970,429 ​ $ 4,124,382 ​ Depreciation expense, including amortization of assets under finance lease obligations, during 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 262.2 million, $ 226.8 million, and $ 203.3 million, respectively. 3. Notes Receivable In connection with the development of Gaylord National, Prince George’s County, Maryland (“the County”) issued a bond with a face value of $ 95 million (“Series A Bond”) and an additional bond with a face value of $ 50 million (“Series B Bond”), which were delivered to the Company upon substantial completion and opening of Gaylord National in 2008. The interest rate on the Series A Bond and Series B Bond is 8.0 % and 10.0 %, respectively. The maturity dates of the Series A Bond and the Series B Bond are July 1, 2034 and September 1, 2037 , respectively. Upon receipt in 2008, the Company calculated the present value of the future debt service payments from the Series A Bond and Series B Bond based on their effective interest rates of 8.04 % and 11.42 %, respectively, and recorded the notes receivable at their discounted values of $ 93.8 million and $ 38.3 million, respectively. The Company records the amortization of discount on these notes receivable as interest income over the terms of the notes. The Company is currently holding the bonds, which have aggregate carrying values and approximate fair values of $ 53.5 million and $ 57.8 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, net of a credit loss reserve of $ 38.0 million at each period. The Company earns interest income on the debt service on the notes receivable, which are payable from tax increments, hotel taxes and special hotel rental taxes generated from Gaylord National through the maturity dates. Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. During the periods presented, the Company has accrued interest only on the Series A Bond. The Company’s estimate of credit loss reserves is sensitive to significant assumptions, which include the projections of hotel taxes (which are based on expected hotel revenues) and property taxes, both of which are affected by expectations about future market and economic conditions, particularly those in the Washington D.C. market. These assumptions are based on Level 3 inputs. Further, such assumptions are judgmental as the bonds and related projected cash flows continue for an extended period of time through 2037. The Company has the intent and ability to hold these bonds to maturity. The Company performs a quarterly assessment of credit losses, which considers the estimate of projected tax revenues that will service the bonds over their remaining terms. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Series B Bond is fully reserved. The Series A Bond is of higher priority than other tranches which fall between the Company’s two issuances. During 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest income of $ 4.3 million, $ 4.6 million and $ 4.9 million, respectively, on these bonds. The Company received payments of $ 8.8 million, $ 8.8 million and $ 11.0 million during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, relating to these notes receivable, which include principal and interest payments. 98 Table of Contents 4. Debt The Company’s debt and finance lease obligations at December 31 consisted of (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 $ 700 M Revolving Credit Facility ​ $ — ​ $ — Term Loan B ​ 289,856 ​ 292,791 4.75 % Senior Notes ​ ​ 700,000 ​ ​ 700,000 7.25 % Senior Notes ​ ​ 400,000 ​ ​ 400,000 4.50 % Senior Notes ​ ​ 600,000 ​ ​ 600,000 6.50 % Senior Notes ​ ​ 1,000,000 ​ ​ 1,000,000 6.50 % Senior Notes ​ ​ 625,000 ​ ​ — $ 80 M OEG Revolver ​ — ​ 21,000 OEG Term Loan ​ 425,270 ​ 299,250 Block 21 CMBS Loan ​ ​ — ​ ​ 128,967 Finance lease obligations ​ 596 ​ 55 Unamortized deferred financing costs ​ ​ ( 52,282 ) ​ ​ ( 51,484 ) Unamortized discounts and premiums, net ​ ​ ( 11,527 ) ​ ​ ( 12,183 ) Total debt ​ $ 3,976,913 ​ $ 3,378,396 ​ At December 31, 2025, there were no defaults under the covenants related to the Company’s outstanding debt. Annual maturities of long-term debt, excluding finance lease obligations, are as follows (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Years ​ ​ ​ ​ 2026 ​ 2027 ​ 2028 ​ 2029 ​ 2030 ​ Thereafter ​ Total $ 700 M Revolving Credit Facility $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Term Loan B ​ 2,935 ​ ​ 2,935 ​ ​ 2,935 ​ ​ 2,935 ​ ​ 278,116 ​ ​ — ​ ​ 289,856 4.75 % Senior Notes ​ — ​ ​ 700,000 ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 700,000 7.25 % Senior Notes ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 400,000 ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 400,000 4.50 % Senior Notes ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 600,000 ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 600,000 6.50 % Senior Notes ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 1,000,000 ​ ​ 1,000,000 6.50 % Senior Notes ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 625,000 ​ ​ 625,000 $ 80 M OEG Revolver ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ — OEG Term Loan ​ 4,307 ​ ​ 4,307 ​ ​ 4,307 ​ ​ 4,307 ​ ​ 4,307 ​ ​ 403,735 ​ ​ 425,270 Total $ 7,242 ​ $ 707,242 ​ $ 407,242 ​ $ 607,242 ​ $ 282,423 ​ $ 2,028,735 ​ $ 4,040,126 ​ Credit Facility On May 18, 2023, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (as modified pursuant to the First Incremental Agreement and the Second Incremental Agreement (each as hereinafter defined and as further supplemented, the “Credit Agreement”), among the Company, as a guarantor, the Operating Partnership, as borrower, certain other subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, as guarantors, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, as pledgors, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, which replaced the Company’s previous credit facility. As of December 31, 2025, the Credit Agreement provides a $ 700.0 million revolving credit facility (the “Revolver”) and a senior secured term loan B (the “Term Loan B”) (in the original principal amount of $ 500.0 million), as well as an accordion feature that will allow the Company to increase the facilities by an aggregate total of up to $ 475 million, which may be allocated between the Revolver and the Term Loan B at the Company’s option. The Revolver replaced the Company’s previous $ 700 million revolving credit facility, and a portion of the proceeds from the Term Loan B were used to repay in full the approximately $ 370 million balance of the Company’s previous term loan B. The Revolver was undrawn at closing in 2023. Each of the Revolver and Term Loan B is guaranteed by the Company, each of the Company’s subsidiaries that own the Gaylord Hotels properties, the JW Marriott properties and certain other of the Company’s subsidiaries. Each is secured 99 Table of Contents by equity pledges of the Company’s subsidiaries that are the fee owners of Gaylord Opryland and Gaylord Texan, their respective direct and indirect parent entities, and the equity of Ryman Hotel Operations Holdco, LLC, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. Assets and equity of OEG are not subject to the liens of the Credit Agreement. Each of the Revolver and Term Loan B contains certain covenants which, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, investments, dividends, transactions with affiliates, asset sales, acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, liens and encumbrances and other matters customarily restricted in such agreements. If an event of default shall occur and be continuing under the Credit Agreement, the commitments under the Credit Agreement may be terminated and the principal amount outstanding under the Credit Agreement, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, may be declared immediately due and payable. $ 700 Million Revolving Credit Facility At December 31, 2025, the maturity of the Revolver was May 18, 2027 , with the option to extend the maturity date for a maximum of one additional year through either (i) a single twelve-month extension option or (ii) two individual six-month extensions. Borrowings under the Revolver bore interest at an annual rate equal to, at the Company’s option, either (i) Adjusted Term SOFR plus the applicable margin ranging from 1.40 % to 2.00 %, (ii) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable margin ranging from 1.40 % to 2.00 %, or (iii) a base rate as set in the Credit Agreement plus the applicable margin ranging from 0.40 % to 1.00 %, with each option dependent upon the Company’s consolidated net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Principal was payable in full at maturity. See Note 14, “Subsequent Event,” for further disclosure. Term Loan B The Term Loan B has a maturity date of May 18, 2030 . Prior to the effectiveness of the First Incremental Agreement and the Second Incremental Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the applicable interest rate margin for borrowings under the Term Loan B was, at the Company’s option, either (i) Term SOFR plus 2.75 %, (ii) Daily Simple SOFR plus 2.75 %, or (iii) a base rate as set in the Credit Agreement plus 1.75 %. Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan B that are repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. On April 12, 2024, the Company entered into an Incremental Tranche B Term Loan Agreement (the “First Incremental Agreement”), which supplemented the Credit Agreement and included the addition of certain new lenders and removal of certain other lenders. The First Incremental Agreement reduced the applicable interest rate margins for the loans advanced under the refinanced Term Loan B. The applicable interest rate margins for the refinanced Term Loan B under the First Incremental Agreement were (i) 2.25 % for SOFR Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (ii) 1.25 % for base rate loans. On December 19, 2024, the Company entered into an additional Incremental Tranche B Term Loan Agreement (the “Second Incremental Agreement”), which supplements the Credit Agreement. The Second Incremental Agreement reduces the applicable interest rate margins for the loans advanced under the refinanced Term Loan B. The applicable interest rate margins for the refinanced Term Loan B under the Second Incremental Agreement are (i) 2.00 % for SOFR Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (ii) 1.00 % for base rate loans. Further, the Second Incremental Agreement provides for the applicable interest rate margins to be further reduced by an additional 0.25 % upon the Company meeting certain criteria as set forth in the Second Incremental Agreement, which criteria were met on December 22, 2025. At December 31, 2025, the interest rate on the Term Loan B was Term SOFR plus 1.75 %. Neither the First Incremental Agreement nor the Second Incremental Agreement changed the maturity dates under the Credit Agreement or resulted in any increase in principal indebtedness. In addition, the Second Incremental Agreement confirms that the annual amortization under the Term Loan B is 1.0 % of the refinanced $ 293.5 million outstanding principal amount, with the balance due at maturity. If for any fiscal year there is Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), an additional principal payment is required. 100 Table of Contents For purposes of the Revolver and the Term Loan B, each of Term SOFR and Daily Simple SOFR are subject to a floor of 0.00 %. $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes Due 2032 On March 28, 2024, the Operating Partnership and Finco (collectively, the “issuing subsidiaries”) completed the private placement of $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.50 % senior notes due 2032 (the “$ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes”), which are guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Agreement. The $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes and guarantees were issued pursuant to an indenture by and among the issuing subsidiaries, the guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes have a maturity date of April 1, 2032 and bear interest at 6.50 % per annum, payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on April 1 and October 1 each year. The $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes are general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuing subsidiaries and rank equal in right of payment with such subsidiaries’ existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Company’s $ 700 million 4.75 % Senior Notes, the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes, the $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes and the $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes, and senior in right of payment to future subordinated indebtedness, if any. The $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to the issuing subsidiaries’ secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The guarantees rank equally in right of payment with the applicable guarantor’s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of such guarantor. The $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness of any guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes. The net proceeds from the issuance of the $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes totaled approximately $ 983 million, after deducting the initial purchasers’ discounts, commissions and offering expenses. The Company used a portion of these net proceeds to prepay the indebtedness outstanding under the Company’s previous $ 800.0 million Gaylord Rockies term loan and used the remaining proceeds, together with cash on hand, to repay $ 200.0 million under the Term Loan B. The $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes are redeemable before April 1, 2027, in whole or in part, at 100.00 % , plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium. The $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time after April 1, 2027 at a redemption price expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof, which percentage is 103.250 % , 101.625 % , and 100.000 % beginning on April 1 of 2027, 2028, and 2029, respectively, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. $ 700 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes Due 2027 In September 2019, the Operating Partnership and Finco completed the private placement of $ 500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027 (the “$ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes”), which are guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Agreement. The $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes and guarantees were issued pursuant to an indenture by and among the issuing subsidiaries and the guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee. The $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes have a maturity date of October 15, 2027 and bear interest at 4.75 % per annum, payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes are general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuing subsidiaries and rank equal in right of payment with such subsidiaries’ existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Company’s $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes, the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes, the $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes and the $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes, and senior in right of payment to future subordinated indebtedness, if any. The $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to the issuing subsidiaries’ secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The guarantees rank equally in right of payment with the 101 Table of Contents applicable guarantor’s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of such guarantor. The $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness of any guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes. In October 2019, the Operating Partnership and Finco completed a tack-on private placement of $ 200.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.75 % senior notes due 2027 (the “additional 2027 notes”) at an issue price of 101.250 % of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued interest from the September 2019 issue date for the $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes. The additional 2027 notes and the $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes constitute a single class of securities (collectively, the “$ 700 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes”). All other terms and conditions of the additional 2027 notes are identical to the $ 500 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes. ​ The $ 700 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at 100 % of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. The Company completed a registered offer to exchange the $ 700 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes for registered notes with substantially identical terms as the $ 700 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes in July 2020. $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes Due 2033 On June 4, 2025, the Operating Partnership and Finco (collectively, the “issuing subsidiaries”) completed the private placement of $ 625.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.50 % senior notes due 2033 (the “$ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes”), which are guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Agreement. The $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes and guarantees were issued pursuant to an indenture by and among the issuing subsidiaries, the guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes have a maturity date of June 15, 2033 and bear interest at 6.50 % per annum, payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on June 15 and December 15 each year, beginning on December 15, 2025. The $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes are general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuing subsidiaries and rank equal in right of payment with such subsidiaries’ existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Company’s $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes, the $ 700 million 4.75 % Senior Notes, the $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes and the $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes, and senior in right of payment to future subordinated indebtedness, if any. The $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to the issuing subsidiaries’ secured indebtedness, including the Operating Partnership’s existing credit facility, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes. The guarantees rank equally in right of payment with the applicable guarantor’s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of such guarantor. The $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness of any guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes. The net proceeds from the issuance of the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes totaled approximately $ 614 million, after deducting the initial purchasers’ discounts, commissions and offering expenses. The Company used these net proceeds to fund a portion of the purchase price for JW Marriott Desert Ridge discussed in Note 1. The $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes are redeemable before June 15, 2028, in whole or in part, at 100.00 % , plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium. The $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time after June 15, 2028 at a redemption price expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof, which percentage is 103.250 % , 101.625 % , and 102 Table of Contents 100.000 % beginning on June 15 of 2028, 2029, and 2030, respectively, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes Due 2029 On February 17, 2021, the Operating Partnership and Finco completed the private placement of $ 600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.50 % senior notes due 2029 (the “$ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes”), which are guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Agreement. The $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes and guarantees were issued pursuant to an indenture by and among the issuing subsidiaries, the guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes have a maturity date of February 15, 2029 and bear interest at 4.50 % per annum, payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on February 15 and August 15 each year. The $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes are general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuing subsidiaries and rank equal in right of payment with such subsidiaries’ existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Company’s $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes, the $ 700 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes, the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes and the $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes, and senior in right of payment to future subordinated indebtedness, if any. The $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to the issuing subsidiaries’ secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The guarantees rank equally in right of payment with the applicable guarantor’s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of such guarantor. The $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness of any guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes. The $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at a redemption price expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof, which percentage is currently 100.750 % and will be 100.000 % beginning on February 15 of 2027 plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes Due 2028 On June 22, 2023, the Operating Partnership and Finco (collectively, the “issuing subsidiaries”) completed the private placement of $ 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.25 % senior notes due 2028 (the “$ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes”), which are guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Agreement. The $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes and guarantees were issued pursuant to an indenture by and among the issuing subsidiaries, the guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes have a maturity date of July 15, 2028 and bear interest at 7.25 % per annum, payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on January 15 and July 15 each year. The $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes are general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuing subsidiaries and rank equal in right of payment with such subsidiaries’ existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Company’s $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes, the $ 700 Million 4.75 % Senior Notes, the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes and $ 600 Million 4.50 % Senior Notes, and senior in right of payment to future subordinated indebtedness, if any. The $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to the issuing subsidiaries’ secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The guarantees rank equally in right of payment with the applicable guarantor’s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of such guarantor. The $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness of any guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes. The $ 400 Million 7.25 % Senior Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at a redemption price expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof, which percentage is currently 103.625 % and will be 101.813 % and 103 Table of Contents 100.000 % beginning on July 15 of 2026 and 2027, respectively, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. OEG Credit Agreement ​ On June 28, 2024, OEG Borrower, LLC (“OEG Borrower”) and OEG Finance, LLC (“OEG Finance”), each a wholly owned direct or indirect subsidiary of OEG, entered into a First Amendment, which amends the Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2022 among OEG Borrower, as borrower, OEG Finance, certain subsidiaries of OEG Borrower from time to time party thereto as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended, the “2024 OEG Credit Agreement”). ​ The 2024 OEG Credit Agreement provides for (i) a senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $ 300.0 million (the “2024 OEG Term Loan”) and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $ 80.0 million (the “OEG Revolver”). The 2024 OEG Term Loan refinanced and replaced the former term loan in the outstanding principal amount of $ 294.8 million as of June 28, 2024 and the OEG Revolver refinanced and replaced the former senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $ 65.0 million. ​ On April 28, 2025, OEG Borrower and OEG Finance entered into a Second Amendment, which amended the 2024 OEG Credit Agreement (as amended, the “OEG Credit Agreement”) in which OEG Borrower obtained an incremental term loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to $ 130.0 million (the “Incremental OEG Loan”) on the same terms as the 2024 OEG Term Loan. The net proceeds of the Incremental OEG Loan, together with cash on hand, were used to defease the Block 21 CMBS Loan (as defined below) in full, which released the borrower thereunder from the $ 127.9 million amount outstanding under the Block 21 CMBS Loan. The OEG Credit Agreement provides for (i) a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to $ 428.5 million (the “OEG Term Loan”) and (ii) the OEG Revolver. The Incremental OEG Loan did not change any applicable interest rates or maturity dates of any indebtedness under the 2024 OEG Credit Agreement. In addition, the terms of the Incremental OEG Loan confirm that the annual amortization under the OEG Term Loan is approximately 1 % of the refinanced $ 428.5 million outstanding principal amount, with the balance due at maturity. ​ The OEG Term Loan and OEG Revolver are each secured by substantially all of the assets of OEG Finance and each of its subsidiaries. The OEG Term Loan bears interest at a rate equal to either, at OEG Borrower’s election, as of the closing date contemplated by the OEG Credit Agreement, (a) the Alternate Base Rate plus 2.50 % or (b) Adjusted Term SOFR plus 3.50 % (all as more specifically described in the Amended OEG Credit Agreement). ​ The OEG Revolver bears interest at a rate equal to either, at OEG Borrower’s election, as of the closing contemplated by the OEG Credit Agreement, (a) the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate (as defined in the OEG Credit Agreement) or (b) Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. Under the OEG Credit Agreement, (i) the Applicable Rate for Alternative Base Rate loans will be between 2.75 % and 2.25 % and (ii) the Applicable Rate for Adjusted Term SOFR loans will be between 3.75 % and 3.25 %, in each of (i) and (ii) based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio of OEG Finance and its consolidated subsidiaries (as more specifically described in the OEG Credit Agreement). ​ The Applicable Rate for borrowings under the OEG Revolver at December 31, 2025 is 2.50 % for Alternative Base Rate Loans and 3.50 % for Adjusted Term SOFR loans. The Applicable Rate for borrowings under the OEG Term Loan as of December 31, 2025 is 2.50 % for Alternative Base Rate Loans and 3.50 % for Adjusted Term SOFR loans. ​ The OEG Term Loan matures on June 28, 2031 and the OEG Revolver matures on June 28, 2029 . ​ Block 21 CMBS Loan ​ At the closing of the purchase of Block 21, a subsidiary of the Company assumed a $ 136 million, ten-year , non-recourse term loan secured by a mortgage on Block 21 (the “Block 21 CMBS Loan”). The proceeds of the Incremental OEG Loan described above were used to defease the Block 21 CMBS Loan in full in April 2025. ​ 104 Table of Contents Interest Rate Derivatives The Company has entered into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk associated with a portion of the OEG Term Loan. In November 2022, OEG entered into an interest rate swap to fix the SOFR portion of the interest rate on $ 100.0 million of borrowings at 4.533 % through December 2025 . In August 2025, OEG entered into an interest rate swap to fix the SOFR portion of the interest rate on $ 100.0 million of borrowings at 3.214 % from December 2025 through December 2028. In September 2025, OEG entered into an additional interest rate swap to fix the SOFR portion of the interest rate on $ 125.0 million of borrowings at 3.17 % through December 2028. These swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges whereby the Company receives variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreement without exchange of the underlying principal amount. ​ The estimated fair value of the Company’s derivative financial instruments at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 0.7 million and $( 0.4 ) million, respectively. Derivative financial instruments in an asset position are included in prepaid expenses and other assets and those in a liability position are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 5. Deferred Management Rights Proceeds On October 1, 2012, the Company consummated its agreement to sell the Gaylord Hotels brand and rights to manage its Gaylord Hotels properties (the “Management Rights”) to Marriott for $ 210.0 million in cash. Effective October 1, 2012, Marriott assumed responsibility for managing the day-to-day operations of the Gaylord Hotels properties pursuant to a management agreement for each such property. The Company allocated $ 190.0 million of the purchase price to the Management Rights, based on the Company’s estimates of the fair values for the respective components. For financial reporting purposes, the amount related to the Management Rights was deferred and is amortized on a straight-line basis over the 65-year term of the hotel management agreements, including extensions, as a reduction in management fee expense. 6. Leases The Company is a lessee of a 65.3 acre site in Osceola County, Florida on which Gaylord Palms is located; a 237 -acre site in Maricopa County, Arizona on which a portion of JW Marriott Desert Ridge is located; building or land leases for Ole Red Gatlinburg, Ole Red Orlando, Ole Red Tishomingo, Ole Red Nashville International Airport, Ole Red Las Vegas and Category 10 Las Vegas; and various warehouse, general office and other equipment leases. The Gaylord Palms land lease has a term through 2074 , which may be extended through January 2101 , at the Company’s discretion. The JW Marriott Desert Ridge land lease has a term through 2092 . The leases for Ole Red locations and Category 10 Las Vegas range from five to twelve years , with renewal options ranging from five to fifty-five years , at the Company’s discretion, with the exception of Ole Red Nashville International Airport, which has no extension option. Extension options were not considered reasonably assured as of the date of the agreement and, as a result, are not included in the Company’s calculation of its right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The Company’s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Certain of the Company’s leases include variable lease payments based upon net revenues of the respective business and certain other of the Company’s leases include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. The Company recorded $ 5.3 million, $ 5.2 million and $ 4.3 million of contingent rental expense in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As the discount rate implicit in the Company’s operating leases is not readily determinable, the Company applies judgments related to the determination of the discount rates used to calculate the lease liability as required by Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, “ Leases ”. The Company calculates its incremental borrowing rates by utilizing judgments and estimates regarding the Company’s secured borrowing rates, market credit rating, comparable bond yield curve, and adjustments to market yield curves to determine a securitized rate. 105 Table of Contents The Company’s lease cost for the years ended December 31 is as follows (in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2024 ​ 2023 Operating lease cost ​ ​ $ 21,987 ​ $ 19,264 ​ $ 18,346 Finance lease cost: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Amortization of right-of-use assets ​ ​ ​ 372 ​ 189 ​ 163 Interest on lease liabilities ​ ​ ​ 31 ​ 2 ​ 25 Net lease cost ​ ​ $ 22,390 ​ $ 19,455 ​ $ 18,534 ​ Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable leases at December 31, 2025 are as follows (in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Operating ​ ​ ​ Finance ​ ​ Leases ​ Leases Year 1 ​ $ 10,800 ​ $ 329 Year 2 ​ 14,065 ​ 226 Year 3 ​ 13,578 ​ 95 Year 4 ​ 12,837 ​ 4 Year 5 ​ 12,901 ​ — Years thereafter ​ 619,485 ​ — Total future minimum lease payments ​ 683,666 ​ 654 Less amount representing interest ​ ( 524,851 ) ​ ​ ( 58 ) Total present value of minimum payments ​ $ 158,815 ​ $ 596 ​ The remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company’s leases are as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ Weighted-average remaining lease term: ​ ​ Operating leases 40.2 years Finance leases 2.2 years Weighted-average discount rate: ​ ​ Operating leases 7.2 % Finance leases 5.9 % ​ 7. Stock Plans On May 9, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved the Company’s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “2024 Plan”). The 2024 Plan replaces the Company’s previous 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”) and no new awards will be made under the 2016 Plan; however, awards granted under the 2016 Plan will continue to be governed by the 2016 Plan. The 2024 Plan permits the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards and other equity-based awards to its directors, employees and consultants. At December 31, 2025, approximately 1.7 million shares of common stock remained available for issuance pursuant to future grants of awards under the 2024 Plan. Restricted stock units granted to employees vest one to four years from the date of grant, subject to any applicable performance targets, and restricted stock units granted to non-employee directors vest one year from the date of grant, unless the recipient chooses to defer the vesting for a period of time. Depending on the type of award, the fair value of restricted stock units is determined either based on the market price of the Company ’ s stock at the date of grant or based on a Monte-Carlo valuation. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience. The Company generally records compensation expense equal to the fair value of each restricted stock unit granted over the vesting period. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted stock units granted during 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 98.55 , $ 113.10 , and $ 85.25 , respectively. 106 Table of Contents A summary of the status of the Company’s restricted stock units as of December 31, 2025 and changes during the year ended December 31, 2025, is presented below: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Weighted ​ ​ ​ ​ Average ​ ​ ​ ​ Grant-Date Restricted Stock Units ​ ​ ​ Shares ​ ​ ​ Fair Value Nonvested shares at January 1, 2025 448,465 ​ $ 91.04 Granted 206,803 ​ 98.55 Vested ( 173,625 ) ​ 85.76 Canceled ( 16,184 ) ​ 102.71 Nonvested shares at December 31, 2025 465,459 ​ 95.94 ​ The fair value of all restricted stock units that vested during 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 16.7 million, $ 34.4 million and $ 14.9 million, respectively. At December 31, 2025, there was $ 24.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units granted under the Company’s equity incentive plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years. The compensation cost that has been charged against pre-tax income for all of the Company’s equity-based compensation plans was $ 14.1 million, $ 13.9 million, and $ 15.4 million for 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 8. Pension Plans Prior to January 1, 2001, the Company maintained a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan in which substantially all of its employees were eligible to participate upon meeting the pension plan’s participation requirements. The benefits were based on years of service and compensation levels. On December 31, 2000, benefits credited under the plan’s previous formula were frozen. On January 1, 2001, the Company amended its defined benefit pension plan to determine future benefits using a cash balance formula. Under the cash formula, each participant had an account which was credited monthly with 3 % of qualified earnings and the interest earned on their previous month-end cash balance. In addition, the Company included a “grandfather” clause which assures that those participating at January 1, 2001 will receive the greater of the benefit calculated under the cash balance plan and the benefit that would have been payable if the defined benefit plan had remained in existence. The benefit payable to a terminated vested participant upon retirement at age 65 , or as early as age 55 if the participant had 15 years of service at the time the plan was frozen, is equal to the participant’s account balance, which increases with interest credits over time. At retirement, the employee generally receives the balance in the account as a lump sum. The funding policy of the Company is to contribute annually an amount which equals or exceeds the minimum required by applicable law. On December 31, 2001, the plan was frozen such that no new participants were allowed to enter the plan and existing participants were no longer eligible to earn service credits. 107 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the funded status of the retirement plan at December 31 (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 CHANGE IN BENEFIT OBLIGATION: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Benefit obligation at beginning of year ​ $ 52,348 ​ $ 57,778 Interest cost ​ 2,521 ​ 2,501 Actuarial (gain) loss ​ 958 ​ ( 2,445 ) Benefits paid ​ ( 5,774 ) ​ ( 5,486 ) Benefit obligation at end of year ​ 50,053 ​ 52,348 CHANGE IN PLAN ASSETS: ​ ​ ​ ​ Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year ​ 50,957 ​ 52,642 Actual return on plan assets ​ 5,705 ​ 3,801 Benefits paid ​ ( 5,774 ) ​ ( 5,486 ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year ​ 50,888 ​ 50,957 Funded status (accrued pension liability) ​ $ 835 ​ $ ( 1,391 ) ​ The funded status as of December 31, 2025 is included in prepaid expenses and other assets and the accrued pension liability as of December 31, 2024 is included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Net settlement losses and net periodic pension expense were immaterial for all periods presented. The discount rate assumption used to determine the benefit obligation at December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was 4.97 %, 5.28 % and 4.66 %, respectively. The Company determines the overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, which was determined to be 6 % in each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, based on its estimate of the return that plan assets will provide over the period that benefits are expected to be paid out. In preparing this estimate, the Company assesses the rates of return on each current allocation of plan assets and advice from its third-party actuary and investment consultants. The expected return on plan assets is a long-term assumption and generally does not significantly change annually. While historical returns are considered, the rate of return assumption is primarily based on projections of expected returns based on fair value, using economic data and financial models to estimate the probability of returns. The probability distribution of annualized returns for the portfolio using current asset allocations is used to determine the expected range of returns for a ten -to- twenty-year horizon. While management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect the Company’s pension obligations and expense. Plan Assets The plan’s overall strategy is to achieve a rate of return necessary to fund benefit payments by utilizing a variety of asset types, investment strategies and investment managers. The plan seeks to achieve a long-term rate of return over inflation resulting from income, capital gains, or both, which assists the plan in meeting its long-term objectives. The long-term target allocations for the plan’s assets are managed dynamically according to a sliding scale correlating with the funded status of the plan. As the plan’s funded status increases, allocations are moved away from equity securities toward fixed income securities. Equity securities primarily include large cap and mid cap companies. Fixed income securities primarily include corporate bonds of companies in diversified industries, mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasuries. Investments in hedge funds and private equity funds are not held by the plan. All of the assets held by the plan consist of money market and mutual funds traded in an active market. The Company determined the fair value of these assets based on the net asset value per unit of the funds or the portfolio, which is based upon quoted market prices in an active market. Therefore, the Company has categorized these investments as Level 1. Periodically, and based on market conditions, the entire account is rebalanced to maintain the desired allocation and the investment policy is reviewed. Within each asset class, plan assets are allocated to various investment styles. 108 Table of Contents Professional managers manage all assets of the plan, and professional advisors assist the plan in the attainment of its objectives. Expected Contributions and Benefit Payments The Company expects to contribute $ 0.6 million to its defined benefit pension plan in 2026. Based on the Company’s assumptions discussed above, the Company expects to make the following estimated future benefit payments under the plan during the years ending December 31 (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ 2026 ​ ​ ​ $ 9,061 2027 ​ 5,181 2028 ​ 5,623 2029 ​ 4,994 2030 ​ 4,726 2031 - 2035 ​ 16,455 ​ Other Information The Company also maintains non-qualified pension plans (the “Non-Qualified Plans”) to provide benefits to certain key employees. The Non-Qualified Plans are not funded, and the beneficiaries’ rights to receive distributions under these plans constitute unsecured claims to be paid from the Company’s general assets. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Non-Qualified Plans’ projected benefit obligations and accumulated benefit obligations were $ 10.1 million and $ 10.2 million, respectively, and are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are unrecognized actuarial losses of $ 13.6 million and $ 16.4 million ($ 10.3 million and $ 12.4 million net of tax), respectively, that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension expense. Net losses are amortized into net periodic pension expense based on the life expectancy of plan participants expected to receive benefits, using a corridor approach based on the greater of projected benefit obligation or fair value of plan assets. 9. Equity Equity Offerings In May 2025, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 3.0 million shares of its common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, at a price to the public of $ 96.20 per share. Net proceeds to the Company, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses paid by the Company, were approximately $ 275.5 million. The Company used a portion of these proceeds to fund a portion of the purchase price for JW Marriott Desert Ridge discussed in Note 1. In June 2023, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 4.4 million shares of its common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, at a price to the public of $ 93.25 per share. Net proceeds to the Company, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses paid by the Company, were approximately $ 395 million. The Company used the proceeds to fund a portion of the purchase price for JW Marriott Hill Country discussed in Note 1. Dividends During 2025, the Company’s board of directors declared quarterly dividends and distributions totaling $ 4.65 per share of common stock/OP Unit for the full year, or an aggregate of $ 291.3 million in cash. During 2024, the Company’s board of directors declared quarterly dividends and distributions totaling $ 4.45 per share of common stock/OP Unit for the full year, or an aggregate of $ 268.3 million in cash. 109 Table of Contents During 2023, the Company’s board of directors declared quarterly dividends and distributions totaling $ 3.85 per share of common stock/OP Unit for the full year, or an aggregate of $ 228.1 million in cash. To maintain its qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the Company must distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income each year. The Company’s dividend policy provides that the Company will make minimum dividends of 100% of REIT taxable income annually, subject to the Company’s board of directors’ future determinations as to the amount of any distributions and the timing thereof. The dividend policy may be altered at any time by the Company’s board of directors. Treasury Stock On December 18, 2008, following approval by the Human Resources Committee and the Board of Directors, the Company and the Company’s Chairman of the Board of Directors and then-Chief Executive Officer (“Executive”) entered into an amendment to Executive’s employment agreement. The amendment provided Executive with the option of making an irrevocable election to invest his existing Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (“SERP”) benefit in Company common stock, which election Executive subsequently made. The investment was made by a rabbi trust in which, during January 2009, the independent trustee of the rabbi trust purchased shares of Company common stock in the open market in compliance with applicable law. Executive is only entitled to a distribution of the Company common stock held by the rabbi trust in satisfaction of his SERP benefit. As such, the Company believes that the ownership of shares of common stock by the rabbi trust and the distribution of those shares to Executive in satisfaction of his SERP benefit meets the requirements necessary so that the Company will not recognize any increase or decrease in expense as a result of subsequent changes in the value of the Company common stock, and the purchased shares are treated as treasury stock and the SERP benefit is included in additional paid-in capital in the Company’s accompanying consolidated financial statements. The increase in treasury stock for a particular year represents dividends received on shares of Company common stock held by the rabbi trust. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component consisted of the following (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Other-Than- ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Minimum ​ Temporary ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pension ​ Impairment of ​ Interest Rate ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Liability ​ Investment ​ Derivatives ​ Total Balance, December 31, 2022 ​ $ ( 18,021 ) ​ $ ( 3,087 ) ​ $ 10,185 ​ $ ( 10,923 ) Gains arising during period ​ 4,428 ​ — ​ 670 ​ 5,098 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ​ ( 308 ) ​ 209 ​ ( 12,177 ) ​ ( 12,276 ) Income tax expense ​ ( 1,286 ) ​ — ​ — ​ ( 1,286 ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ​ 2,834 ​ 209 ​ ( 11,507 ) ​ ( 8,464 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ​ $ ( 15,187 ) ​ $ ( 2,878 ) ​ $ ( 1,322 ) ​ $ ( 19,387 ) Gains arising during period ​ 4,538 ​ — ​ 1,940 ​ 6,478 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ​ ( 553 ) ​ 211 ​ ( 1,003 ) ​ ( 1,345 ) Income tax expense ​ ( 918 ) ​ — ​ — ​ ( 918 ) Net other comprehensive income ​ 3,067 ​ 211 ​ 937 ​ 4,215 Balance, December 31, 2024 ​ $ ( 12,120 ) ​ $ ( 2,667 ) ​ $ ( 385 ) ​ $ ( 15,172 ) Gains arising during period ​ 2,228 ​ — ​ 1,130 ​ 3,358 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ​ ( 725 ) ​ ​ 211 ​ ​ ( 32 ) ​ ( 546 ) Income tax expense ​ ( 412 ) ​ — ​ — ​ ( 412 ) Net other comprehensive income ​ 1,091 ​ 211 ​ 1,098 ​ 2,400 Balance, December 31, 2025 ​ $ ( 11,029 ) ​ $ ( 2,456 ) ​ $ 713 ​ $ ( 12,772 ) ​ ​ 10. Income Taxes The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT effective January 1, 2013, pursuant to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal corporate income taxes on 110 Table of Contents ordinary taxable income and capital gains income from real estate investments that it distributes to its stockholders. The Company pays federal and state corporate income taxes on earnings of its taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRSs”). The income tax (provision) benefit for continuing operations consists of the following (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 CURRENT: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Federal ​ $ ( 1,147 ) ​ $ ( 359 ) ​ $ 797 State ​ ( 3,747 ) ​ ( 3,281 ) ​ ( 2,920 ) Total current provision ​ ( 4,894 ) ​ ( 3,640 ) ​ ( 2,123 ) DEFERRED: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Federal ​ ( 3,071 ) ​ ( 9,233 ) ​ 79,710 State ​ 641 ​ ( 963 ) ​ 16,115 Total deferred (provision) benefit ​ ( 2,430 ) ​ ( 10,196 ) ​ 95,825 Total (provision) benefit for income taxes ​ $ ( 7,324 ) ​ $ ( 13,836 ) ​ $ 93,702 ​ The Company evaluates its deferred tax assets each reporting period to determine if it is more likely than not that those assets will be realized or if a valuation allowance is needed. In the fourth quarter of 2023, due to continued improvement in the Company’s financial results coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic and the projected future taxable income of its TRSs, the Company determined that the release of a significant portion of its federal and state valuation allowance was appropriate. This release of valuation allowance of $ 112.5 million was the primary factor in the income tax benefit for 2023. The Company is required to distribute at least 90% of its annual taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to its stockholders in order to maintain its qualification as a REIT. The taxability of distributions to stockholders is determined by the Company’s earnings and profits, which differs from net income reported for financial reporting purposes. The estimated taxability of cash distributions paid to common stockholders is shown in the table below (per common share): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Ordinary income ​ $ 4.21 ​ $ 4.28 ​ $ 3.75 Capital gains ​ 0.07 ​ 0.07 ​ 0.10 Return of capital ​ — ​ — ​ — ​ ​ $ 4.28 ​ $ 4.35 ​ $ 3.85 ​ The differences between the income tax provision calculated at the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 % and the actual income tax (provision) benefit recorded for continuing operations are as follows (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ ​ $ ​ % ​ ​ $ ​ % ​ ​ $ ​ % US statutory federal income tax provision ​ $ ( 53,474 ) ​ 21.0 % ​ $ ( 61,746 ) ​ 21.0 % ​ $ ( 52,101 ) ​ 21.0 % Non-taxable or non-deductible items: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Adjustment for nontaxable income of the REIT ​ 49,378 ​ ( 19.4 )% ​ 49,043 ​ ( 16.7 )% ​ 44,968 ​ ( 18.1 )% Other ​ ​ ( 543 ) ​ 0.2 % ​ ​ 2,129 ​ ( 0.7 )% ​ ​ ( 496 ) ​ 0.2 % Change in valuation allowance ​ — ​ 0.0 % ​ — ​ 0.0 % ​ 87,329 ​ ( 35.2 )% State and local taxes, net (1)(2) ​ ​ ( 3,106 ) ​ 1.2 % ​ ​ ( 4,244 ) ​ 1.4 % ​ ​ 13,195 ​ ( 5.3 )% Tax credits ​ 902 ​ ( 0.4 )% ​ 748 ​ ( 0.3 )% ​ 585 ​ ( 0.2 )% Other adjustments ​ ( 481 ) ​ 0.2 % ​ 234 ​ ( 0.1 )% ​ 222 ​ ( 0.1 )% ​ ​ $ ( 7,324 ) ​ 2.9 % ​ $ ( 13,836 ) ​ 4.7 % ​ $ 93,702 ​ ( 37.8 )% (1) The state that contribute s to the majority (greater than 50 percent) of the tax effect in this category for 2025 and 2024 is Texas and for 2023 is Tennessee. (2) State and local taxes in 2023 include an income tax benefit of $ 25.2 million related to the release of state valuation allowance. 111 Table of Contents Income taxes paid (net of refunds received) consist of the following (in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Federal ​ $ ( 1,535 ) ​ $ 340 ​ $ 1,020 State: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Texas ​ 3,350 ​ 2,731 ​ 1,789 Tennessee ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ ​ 3,299 Other ​ 25 ​ ( 52 ) ​ 382 ​ ​ $ 1,840 ​ $ 3,019 ​ $ 6,490 ​ Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 are as follows (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS: ​ ​ ​ ​ Accounting reserves and accruals ​ $ 27,380 ​ $ 21,023 Pension plans ​ 2,520 ​ 3,091 Deferred management rights proceeds ​ 38,909 ​ 39,763 Federal and State net operating loss carryforwards ​ 137,064 ​ 125,692 Tax credits and other carryforwards ​ 17,494 ​ 17,181 Other assets ​ 5,294 ​ 3,993 Total deferred tax assets ​ 228,661 ​ 210,743 Valuation allowance ​ ( 5,584 ) ​ ( 5,595 ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance ​ 223,077 ​ 205,148 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES: ​ ​ ​ ​ Property and equipment, net ​ 142,913 ​ 125,025 Other liabilities ​ 12,495 ​ 9,612 Total deferred tax liabilities ​ 155,408 ​ 134,637 Net deferred tax assets ​ $ 67,669 ​ $ 70,511 ​ TRS federal net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2025 totaled $ 533.5 million, resulting in a deferred tax asset of $ 112.0 million, and do not expire. The REIT has no federal net operating losses as of December 31, 2025. The TRS federal interest limitation carryforward at December 31, 2025 totaled $ 71.4 million, resulting in a deferred tax asset of $ 15.0 million that does not expire. The Company has assessed the need for a valuation allowance and determined that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realized; therefore, no valuation allowance has been recorded for federal purposes. State net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2025 totaled $ 608.7 million, resulting in a deferred tax benefit of $ 25.0 million, which will expire between 2026 and 2045 . The use of certain state net operating losses, credits and other state deferred tax assets is subject to limitations based on the future taxable earnings of separate legal entities. As a result, a valuation allowance has been provided for certain state deferred tax assets, including loss carryforwards. The valuation allowance related to state deferred tax assets decreased $ 0 , $ 0 and $( 25.1 ) million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company has concluded IRS examinations of the TRS through the 2015 tax year. For federal income tax purposes and substantially all the states with which the Company has nexus, the statute of limitations has expired through 2021. However, the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards from closed years, which could be adjusted upon audit. The Company is routinely subject to other various jurisdictional income tax audits; however, there were no outstanding state or local audits at December 31, 2025. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had no accruals for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, if any, in income tax expense. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company has accrued no interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 112 Table of Contents 11. Commitments and Contingencies On April 9, 2024, the Company received service of process in a lawsuit naming the Company and a subsidiary as co-defendants with Marriott, as the manager, and multiple contractors in a personal injury lawsuit filed by the individual plaintiffs in Colorado state court. The lawsuit relates to a May 2023 incident at the Gaylord Rockies indoor pool amenity involving the collapse of HVAC equipment. The complaint requests an unspecified amount of damages related to alleged injuries to two guests. The discovery phase of the litigation is ongoing at this time. The Company cannot predict its likely outcome or estimate the range of possible loss but does not believe that the outcome will have a material impact on the Company’s financial position. The Company intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit and believes it has strong defenses. As of January 1, 2022, the Company is self-insured for certain losses related to employee medical benefits. The Company has purchased stop-loss coverage in order to limit its exposure to any significant levels of claims relating to workers’ compensation and employee medical benefits for which it is self-insured. The Company has entered into employment agreements with certain officers, which provide for severance payments upon certain events, including after a change of control. The Company, in the ordinary course of business, is involved in certain legal actions and claims on a variety of other matters. It is the opinion of management that such legal actions will not have a material effect on the financial statements of the Company. 12. Fair Value Measurements The Company uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. The investments held by the Company in connection with its deferred compensation plan consist of money market and mutual funds traded in an active market. The Company determined the fair value of these assets based on the net asset value per unit of the funds or the portfolio, which is based upon quoted market prices in an active market. Therefore, the Company has categorized these investments as Level 1. The Company’s interest rate swaps consist of over-the-counter swap contracts, which are not traded on a public exchange. The Company determines the fair value of these swap contracts based on a widely accepted valuation methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash flows and the discounted expected variable cash flows, using interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities, with appropriate adjustments for any significant impact of non-performance risk of the parties to the swap contracts. Therefore, these swap contracts have been classified as Level 2. The Company has consistently applied these valuation techniques in all periods presented and believes it has obtained the most accurate information available for the types of instruments it holds. The Company’s assets and liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, were as follows (in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Markets for ​ ​ ​ Observable ​ ​ ​ Unobservable ​ ​ December 31, ​ Identical Assets ​ Inputs ​ Inputs ​ ​ 2025 ​ (Level 1) ​ (Level 2) ​ (Level 3) Deferred compensation plan investments ​ $ 45,034 ​ $ 45,034 ​ $ — ​ $ — Variable to fixed interest rate swaps ​ ​ 713 ​ ​ — ​ ​ 713 ​ ​ — Total assets measured at fair value ​ $ 45,747 ​ $ 45,034 ​ $ 713 ​ $ — ​ 113 Table of Contents ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Markets for ​ ​ ​ Observable ​ ​ ​ Unobservable ​ ​ December 31, ​ Identical Assets ​ Inputs ​ Inputs ​ ​ 2024 ​ (Level 1) ​ (Level 2) ​ (Level 3) Deferred compensation plan investments ​ $ 37,440 ​ $ 37,440 ​ $ — ​ $ — Total assets measured at fair value ​ $ 37,440 ​ $ 37,440 ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Variable to fixed interest rate swaps ​ $ 386 ​ $ — ​ $ 386 ​ $ — Total liabilities measured at fair value ​ $ 386 ​ $ — ​ $ 386 ​ $ — ​ The fair value of notes receivable is discussed in Note 3, “Notes Receivable.” The remainder of the assets and liabilities held by the Company at December 31, 2025 are not required to be recorded at fair value, and financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value, except as described below. The Company has outstanding $ 625.0 million of the $ 625 Million 6.50 % Senior Notes. The carrying value of these notes at December 31, 2025 was $ 615.3 million, net of unamortized DFCs. The fair value of these notes, based upon quoted market prices (Level 1), was $ 650.0 million at December 31, 2025. The Company has outstanding $ 1.0 billion of the $ 1 Billion 6.50 % Senior Notes. The carrying value of these notes at December 31, 2025 was $ 986.2 million, net of unamortized DFCs. The fair value of these notes, based upon quoted market prices (Level 1), was $ 1.04 billion at December 31, 2025. See the “JW Marriott Hill Country Transaction” and the “JW Marriott Desert Ridge Transaction” sections of Note 1 for additional disclosures related to the fair value measurements used in accounting for the purchase of JW Marriott Hill Country and JW Marriott Desert Ridge. 13. Financial Reporting By Business Segments The Company’s operations are organized into the following principal business segments : ● Hospitality , which includes the Gaylord Hotels properties, the JW Marriott properties (including, effective June 10, 2025, JW Marriott Desert Ridge and effective June 30, 2023, JW Marriott Hill Country), the Inn at Opryland and the AC Hotel; ● Entertainment , which includes the OEG business, specifically, the Grand Ole Opry, the Ryman Auditorium, WSM-AM, Ole Red, Category 10, Block 21, and Southern Entertainment; and ● Corporate and Other , which includes operating and general and administrative expenses related to the overall management of the Company which are not allocated to the other reportable segments. The Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is comprised of the Company’s chief executive officer and the Company’s chief financial officer. The CODM uses segment operating income (loss) to evaluate the performance of each segment and to allocate resources. ​ The accounting policies for each segment are the same as those described in Note 1, “Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” The Company does not have intersegment sales or transfers. The following information (amounts in thousands) is derived directly from the segments’ internal financial reports used by the CODM and for corporate management purposes. 114 Table of Contents ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 ​ ​ Hospitality ​ Entertainment ​ Corporate and Other ​ Total Revenues ​ $ 2,143,086 ​ $ 433,975 ​ $ — ​ $ 2,577,061 Expenses: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Rooms ​ ​ 190,686 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 190,686 Food and beverage ​ ​ 561,980 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 561,980 Other hotel expenses (1) ​ ​ 613,304 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 613,304 Management fees ​ ​ 75,082 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 75,082 Employment costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 121,209 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 121,209 Cost of goods sold ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 56,164 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 56,164 Contract services ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 67,391 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 67,391 Non-income taxes and insurance ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 27,543 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 27,543 Preopening costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,882 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,882 Other segment expenses (1) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 51,641 ​ ​ 42,771 ​ ​ 94,412 Loss on sale of assets ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,296 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,296 Depreciation and amortization ​ ​ 239,857 ​ ​ 37,310 ​ ​ 933 ​ ​ 278,100 Operating income (loss) ​ $ 462,177 ​ $ 68,539 ​ $ ( 43,704 ) ​ $ 487,012 Interest expense ​ ​ ( 47 ) ​ ​ ( 36,995 ) ​ ​ ( 204,228 ) ​ ​ ( 241,270 ) Interest income ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 20,299 Loss on extinguishment of debt ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ( 2,922 ) Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures (2) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ( 10,025 ) Other gains and (losses), net ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,540 Income before income taxes ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 254,634 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 ​ ​ Hospitality ​ Entertainment ​ Corporate and Other ​ Total Revenues ​ $ 1,997,050 ​ $ 342,176 ​ $ — ​ $ 2,339,226 Expenses: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Rooms ​ ​ 179,358 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 179,358 Food and beverage ​ ​ 516,309 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 516,309 Other hotel expenses (1) ​ ​ 555,554 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 555,554 Management fees ​ ​ 73,531 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 73,531 Employment costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 102,653 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 102,653 Cost of goods sold ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 46,112 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 46,112 Contract services ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 39,736 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 39,736 Non-income taxes and insurance ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 11,973 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 11,973 Preopening costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 4,618 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 4,618 Other segment expenses (1) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 41,373 ​ ​ 41,819 ​ ​ 83,192 Gain on sale of assts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ( 270 ) ​ ​ ( 270 ) Depreciation and amortization ​ ​ 205,189 ​ ​ 29,519 ​ ​ 918 ​ ​ 235,626 Operating income (loss) ​ $ 467,109 ​ $ 66,192 ​ $ ( 42,467 ) ​ $ 490,834 Interest expense ​ ​ ( 14,611 ) ​ ​ ( 38,283 ) ​ ​ ( 172,501 ) ​ ​ ( 225,395 ) Interest income ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 27,977 Loss on extinguishment of debt ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ( 2,479 ) Income from unconsolidated joint ventures (2) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 275 Other gains and (losses), net ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,814 Income before income taxes ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 294,026 ​ 115 Table of Contents ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 ​ ​ Hospitality ​ Entertainment ​ Corporate and Other ​ Total Revenues ​ $ 1,833,478 ​ $ 324,658 ​ $ — ​ $ 2,158,136 Expenses: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Rooms ​ ​ 173,749 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 173,749 Food and beverage ​ ​ 465,963 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 465,963 Other hotel expenses (1) ​ ​ 519,328 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 519,328 Management fees ​ ​ 66,425 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 66,425 Employment costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 91,317 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 91,317 Cost of goods sold ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 43,544 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 43,544 Contract services ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 32,925 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 32,925 Non-income taxes and insurance ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 17,645 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 17,645 Preopening costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,308 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,308 Other segment expenses (1) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 38,232 ​ ​ 42,789 ​ ​ 81,021 Depreciation and amortization ​ ​ 186,749 ​ ​ 23,611 ​ ​ 867 ​ ​ 211,227 Operating income (loss) ​ $ 421,264 ​ $ 76,076 ​ $ ( 43,656 ) ​ $ 453,684 Interest expense ​ ​ ( 55,865 ) ​ ​ ( 40,988 ) ​ ​ ( 114,517 ) ​ ​ ( 211,370 ) Interest income ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 21,423 Loss on extinguishment of debt ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ( 2,252 ) Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures (2) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ( 17,308 ) Other gains and (losses), net ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 3,921 Income before income taxes ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 248,098 (1) Other segment expense include: Hospitality segment – administrative employment costs, utilities, property taxes, supplies, advertising, maintenance and consulting expenses Entertainment segment – advertising, utilities, maintenance and certain overhead expenses Corporate and Other – information technology, human resources, accounting, equity-based compensation and other administrative expenses (2) Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures relates to the Entertainment segment. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2024 Total assets: ​ ​ ​ ​ Hospitality ​ $ 4,996,594 ​ $ 4,081,754 Entertainment ​ 745,755 ​ 653,969 Corporate and Other ​ 438,834 ​ 481,850 Total assets ​ $ 6,181,183 ​ $ 5,217,573 ​ The following table represents the capital expenditures by segment for the years ended December 31 (amounts in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Hospitality ​ $ 325,156 ​ $ 300,867 ​ $ 145,805 Entertainment ​ 32,452 ​ 106,828 ​ 60,428 Corporate and Other ​ 627 ​ 210 ​ 543 Total capital expenditures ​ $ 358,235 ​ $ 407,905 ​ $ 206,776 ​ ​ ​ ​ 116 Table of Contents 14. Subsequent Event ​ On January 28, 2026, we entered into an Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement (“the First Amendment”) which amended the Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase the Revolver from the original aggregate principal amount of $ 700.0 million to $ 850.0 million, remove the “SOFR Adjustment” applicable to borrowing under the Revolver, extend the initial maturity date of the Revolver to January 28, 2030 and modify certain financial covenants applicable to the Revolver. ​ ​ 117 Table of Contents ​ RYMAN HOSPITALITY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (Amounts in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Description ​ ​ ​ Balance at Beginning of Year ​ ​ ​ Additions Charged to Expenses/Other Accounts ​ ​ ​ Net (Deductions) Recoveries ​ ​ ​ Balance at End of Year Credit loss reserve on notes receivable: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended December 31, 2025 ​ $ 37,962 ​ $ - ​ $ - ​ $ 37,962 Year ended December 31, 2024 ​ $ 37,962 ​ $ - ​ $ - ​ $ 37,962 Year ended December 31, 2023 ​ $ 37,962 ​ $ - ​ $ - ​ $ 37,962 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended December 31, 2025 ​ $ 5,595 ​ $ - ​ $ ( 11 ) ​ $ 5,584 Year ended December 31, 2024 $ 5,557 ​ $ 38 ​ $ - ​ $ 5,595 Year ended December 31, 2023 $ 118,015 $ - ​ $ ( 112,458 ) ​ $ 5,557 ​ ​ 118 Table of Contents RYMAN HOSPITALITY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III – REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2025 (Amounts in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Initial Cost to Company ​ Capitalized ​ Gross Amount at End of Year ​ ​ ​ ​ Date Acq/ ​ Depr Life ​ ​ ​ ​ Encmbr ​ ​ ​ Land ​ ​ ​ Bldgs & Impr ​ ​ ​ ​ Subs to Acq ​ ​ ​ Land ​ ​ ​ Bldgs & Impr ​ ​ ​ Total (2) ​ ​ ​ Acc Depr ​ ​ ​ Constr ​ ​ ​ (yrs) Gaylord Opryland ​ ​ ​ (1) ​ ​ ​ $ 11,482 ​ ​ ​ $ 77,125 ​ ​ ​ $ 771,790 ​ ​ ​ $ 75,051 ​ ​ ​ $ 785,346 ​ ​ ​ $ 860,397 ​ ​ ​ $ 493,671 ​ ​ ​ 1983 ​ ​ ​ 20 - 40 Gaylord Palms — ​ 21,564 ​ 314,661 ​ 303,839 ​ 41,812 ​ 598,252 ​ 640,064 ​ 260,338 2002 20 - 40 Gaylord Texan (1) ​ 21,235 ​ 388,030 ​ 221,663 ​ 51,216 ​ 579,712 ​ 630,928 ​ 280,454 2004 20 - 40 Gaylord National — ​ 43,212 ​ 840,261 ​ 74,951 ​ 48,608 ​ 909,816 ​ 958,424 ​ 392,578 2008 20 - 40 Gaylord Rockies ​ — ​ ​ 53,374 ​ ​ 760,898 ​ ​ 100,589 ​ ​ 70,738 ​ ​ 844,123 ​ ​ 914,861 ​ ​ 168,338 ​ 2018 ​ 20 - 40 JW Marriott Hill Country ​ — ​ ​ 139,196 ​ ​ 558,584 ​ ​ 26,229 ​ ​ 156,416 ​ ​ 567,593 ​ ​ 724,009 ​ ​ 41,310 ​ 2023 ​ 20 - 40 JW Marriott Desert Ridge ​ — ​ ​ 109,013 ​ ​ 520,684 ​ ​ 3,658 ​ ​ 109,350 ​ ​ 524,005 ​ ​ 633,355 ​ ​ 7,981 ​ 2025 ​ 20 - 40 Inn at Opryland — ​ 2,675 ​ 7,248 ​ 31,706 ​ 3,483 ​ 38,146 ​ 41,629 ​ 15,793 1998 20 - 40 AC Hotel — ​ 9,079 ​ 17,340 ​ 4,432 ​ 9,101 ​ 21,750 ​ 30,851 ​ 5,906 2014 20 - 40 Miscellaneous — ​ 43,337 ​ 6,717 ​ 8,632 ​ 53,481 ​ 5,205 ​ 58,686 ​ 15,664 N/A 20 - 40 ​ ​ $ 454,167 ​ $ 3,491,548 ​ $ 1,547,489 ​ $ 619,256 ​ $ 4,873,948 ​ $ 5,493,204 ​ $ 1,682,033 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Investment in real estate: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Balance at beginning of year ​ $ 4,725,582 ​ $ 4,570,055 ​ $ 3,810,923 Other acquisitions ​ 629,697 ​ — ​ 697,780 Improvements ​ 139,514 ​ 156,267 ​ 61,440 Disposals ​ ( 1,589 ) ​ ( 740 ) ​ ( 88 ) Balance at end of year ​ $ 5,493,204 ​ $ 4,725,582 ​ $ 4,570,055 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Accumulated depreciation: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Balance at beginning of year ​ $ 1,554,172 ​ $ 1,436,672 ​ $ 1,327,833 Depreciation ​ 129,401 ​ 117,674 ​ 108,846 Disposals ​ ( 1,540 ) ​ ( 174 ) ​ ( 7 ) Balance at end of year ​ $ 1,682,033 ​ $ 1,554,172 ​ $ 1,436,672 (1) Includes equity pledges under the Company’s credit facility. At December 31, 2025, $ 289.9 million in borrowings were outstanding under such facility. (2) The aggregate cost of these assets for federal income tax purposes (unaudited) is approximately $ 4.2 billion at December 31, 2025. ​ ​ 119

