TICKER: RILY
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain resilience and flexibility. Our manufacturers supply substantially all of the raw materials and provide all facilities and labor required to manufacture our products. Within Asia, except for India, the majority of raw materials are from China. If these companies were to terminate their arrangements with us or fail to provide the required capacity and quality on a timely basis, either due to actions of the manufacturers; earthquakes, typhoons, tsunamis, fires, floods, or other natural disasters; COVID-19 or other pandemics; wars or armed conflicts; strains on infrastructure; available labor pools or manufacturing capacity; or the actions of their respective governments, we would be unable to manufacture our products until replacement contract manufacturing services could be obtained. To qualify a new contract manufacturer, familiarize it with our products, quality standards and other requirements, and commence volume production is a costly and time-consuming process. Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for an input component, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we have experienced component shortages and extended lead times on semiconductors and other input products used in our finished products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could delay shipment of our products or increase our production costs, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. While we work to address and mitigate such risks, we are exposed to the risks of supply chain disruption which could negatively impact our business. Any material interruption in the manufacture of our products could likely result in delays in shipment, lost sales and revenue, and damage to our reputation in the market, all of which would harm our business and results of operations. Changes in trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, including changes in trade agreements and the imposition of tariffs, export controls, sanctions, customs enforcement, retaliatory measures and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In recent years, the U.S. government has instituted or proposed changes to international trade policy through the renegotiation, and potential termination, of certain existing bilateral or multilateral trade agreements and treaties with, and the imposition of tariffs on a wide range of products and other goods from China, EMEA, and other countries. Given our contract manufacturing and logistic providers in those countries, policy or regulations changes in the United States or other countries present particular risks for us. The current administration has imposed, and has indicated it plans to continue to impose, tariffs on various U.S. trading partners, and those trading partners have retaliated or threatened to retaliate with tariffs on U.S. goods. New or increased tariffs, retaliatory tariffs, export controls, sanctions, customs enforcement and resulting trade wars could adversely affect many of our products. We cannot predict future trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements or treaties, or tariffs and their impact on our business. An escalated trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. To the extent that trade tariffs and other restrictions imposed by the United States or other countries increase the price of, or limit the amount of, our products or components or materials used in our products imported into the United States or other countries, or create 19 Table of Contents adverse tax consequences, the sales, cost, or gross margin of our products may be adversely affected and the demand from our customers for products and services may be diminished. Uncertainty surrounding international trade policy and regulations as well as disputes and protectionist measures could also have an adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending. If we deem it necessary to alter all or a portion of our activities or operations in response to such policies, agreements, or tariffs, our capital and operating costs may increase. Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates. While the majority of our business is conducted in U.S. Dollars, we face some exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. For manufacturing, our components are sourced mainly in U.S. Dollars. Our primary exposure to movements in currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and operating expenses worldwide. The weakening of currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar adversely affects the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. If we raise international pricing to compensate, it could potentially reduce demand for our products, adversely affecting our sales and potentially having an adverse impact on our market share. Margins on sales of our products in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries and on sales of products that include components obtained from suppliers in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries could be adversely affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the U.S. Dollar’s strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. Competitive conditions in the markets in which we operate may also limit our ability to increase prices in the event of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Conversely, strengthening of currency rates may also increase our product component costs and other expenses denominated in those currencies, adversely affecting operating results. As a result, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could and have in the past adversely affected our business, operating results and financial condition. Risks Related to BRS’ Capital Markets Activities Our corporate finance and strategic advisory engagements are singular in nature and do not generally provide for subsequent engagements. Our investment banking clients generally retain us on a short-term, engagement-by-engagement basis in connection with specific corporate finance, merger and acquisition transactions (often as an advisor in company sale transactions) and other strategic advisory services, rather than on a recurring basis under long-term contracts. As these transactions are typically singular in nature and our engagements with these clients may not recur, we must seek new engagements when our current engagements are successfully completed or are terminated. As a result, high activity levels in any period are not necessarily indicative of continued high levels of activity in any subsequent period. If we are unable to generate a substantial number of new engagements that generate fees from new or existing clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our Capital Markets operations are highly dependent on communications, information and other systems and third parties, and any systems failures could significantly disrupt our capital markets business. Our data and transaction processing, custody, financial, accounting and other technology and operating systems are essential to our capital markets operations. A system malfunction (due to hardware failure, capacity overload, security incident, data corruption, etc.) or mistake made relating to the processing of transactions could result in financial loss, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, reputational damage and constraints on our ability to grow. We outsource a substantial portion of our critical data processing activities, including trade processing and back office data processing. We also contract with third parties for market data and other services. In the event that any of these service providers fails to adequately perform such services, or the relationship between that service provider and us is terminated, we may experience a significant disruption in our operations, including our ability to timely and accurately process transactions or maintain complete and accurate records of those transactions. Adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, expansion and industry demands also is critical for our business. Introduction of new technologies present new challenges on a regular basis. We have an ongoing need to upgrade and improve our various technology systems, including our data and 20 Table of Contents transaction processing, financial, accounting, risk management and trading systems. This need could present operational issues or require significant capital spending. It also may require us to make additional investments in technology systems and may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of our technology systems, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our internal and outsourced computer systems and networks also is critically important to our business. We take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant. However, our computer systems and software are subject to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code, inadvertent, erroneous or intercepted transmission of information (including by e-mail), and other events that have had an information security impact. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize our or our clients’ or counterparties’ confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. A disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business due to fire, natural disaster, health emergency (for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), power or communication failure, act of terrorism or war may affect our ability to service and interact with our clients. If we are not able to implement contingency plans effectively, any such disruption could harm our results of operations. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technology in the markets in which our market-making business operates may adversely affect this business and may increase competition. The continued growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our market-making business and presenting new challenges. Securities, futures and options transactions are increasingly occurring electronically, through alternative trading systems. We expect that the trend toward alternative trading systems will continue to accelerate. This acceleration could further increase program trading, increase the speed of transactions and decrease our ability to participate in transactions as principal, which would reduce the profitability of our market-making business. Some of these alternative trading systems compete with our market-making business and with our algorithmic trading platform, and we may experience continued competitive pressures in these and other areas. Significant resources have been invested in the development of our electronic trading systems, which includes our at-the-market business, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on the investment, particularly given the increased program trading and increased percentage of stocks trading off of the historically manual trading markets. Pricing and other competitive pressures may impair the revenues of our sales and trading business. We derive a significant portion of our revenues for our investment banking operations from our sales and trading business. There has been intense price competition and trading volume reduction in this business in recent years. In particular, the ability to execute trades electronically and through alternative trading systems has increased the downward pressure on per share trading commissions and spreads. We expect these trends toward alternative trading systems and downward pricing pressure in the business to continue. We experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by competing on the basis of price or by using their own capital to facilitate client trading activities. In addition, we face pressure from our larger competitors, many of whom are better able to offer a broader range of complementary products and services to clients in order to win their trading business. These larger competitors may also be better able to respond to changes in the research, brokerage and investment banking industries, to compete for skilled professionals, to finance acquisitions, to fund internal growth and to compete for market share generally. As we are committed to maintaining and improving our comprehensive research coverage in our target sectors to support our sales and trading business, we may be required to make substantial investments in our research capabilities to remain competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively in these areas, the revenues of our sales and trading business may decline, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. Some of our large institutional sales and trading clients in terms of brokerage revenues have entered into arrangements with us and other investment banking firms under which they separate payments for research products or services from trading commissions for sales and trading services, and pay for research directly in cash, instead of compensating the research providers through trading commissions (referred to as “soft dollar” practices). In addition, we have entered into 21 Table of Contents certain commission sharing arrangements in which institutional clients execute trades with a limited number of brokers and instruct those brokers to allocate a portion of the commission directly to us or other broker-dealers for research or to an independent research provider. If more of such arrangements are reached between our clients and us, or if similar practices are adopted by more firms in the investment banking industry, we expect that would increase the competitive pressures on trading commissions and spreads and reduce the value our clients place on high quality research. Conversely, if we are unable to make similar arrangements with other investment managers that insist on separating trading commissions from research products, volumes and trading commissions in our sales and trading business also would likely decrease. Larger and more frequent capital commitments in our trading and underwriting businesses increase the potential for significant losses. Certain financial services firms make larger and more frequent commitments of capital in many of their activities. For example, in order to win business, some investment banks increasingly commit to purchase large blocks of stock from publicly traded issuers or significant stockholders, instead of the more traditional marketed underwriting process in which marketing is typically completed before an investment bank commits to purchase securities for resale. We have participated in this activity and expect to continue to do so and, as a result, we are subject to increased risk. Conversely, if we do not have sufficient regulatory capital to so participate, our business may suffer. Furthermore, we may suffer losses as a result of the positions taken in these transactions even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for others in the industry. We may commit our own capital as part of our trading business to facilitate client sales and trading activities. The number and size of these transactions may adversely affect our results of operations in a given period. We may also incur significant losses from our sales and trading activities due to market fluctuations and volatility in our results of operations. To the extent that we own assets, i.e., have long positions, in any of those markets, a downturn in the value of those assets or in those markets could result in losses. Conversely, to the extent that we have sold assets we do not own, i.e., have short positions, in any of those markets, an upturn in those markets could expose us to potentially large losses as we attempt to cover our short positions by acquiring assets in a rising market. Our underwriting and market making activities may increase our liability. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we purchased as an underwriter at the anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite. Further, even though underwriting agreements with issuing companies typically include a right to indemnification in favor of the underwriter for these offerings to cover potential liability from any material misstatements or omissions, indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient in certain circumstances, for example if the issuing company has become insolvent. As a market maker, we may own large positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. We are subject to net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; failure to comply with these rules would significantly harm our business. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the net capital requirements of the SEC, FINRA, and various self-regulatory organizations of which they are members. These requirements typically specify the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also mandate that a significant part of its assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject a firm to limitation of its activities, including suspension or revocation of its registration by the SEC and suspension or expulsion by FINRA and other regulatory bodies, and ultimately may require its liquidation. Failure to comply with the net capital rules could have material and adverse consequences, such as: • limiting our operations that require intensive use of capital, such as underwriting or trading activities; or • restricting us from withdrawing capital from our subsidiaries when our broker-dealer subsidiaries have more than the minimum amount of required capital. This, in turn, could limit our ability to implement our business and growth strategies, pay interest on and repay the principal of our debt and/or repurchase our shares. 22 Table of Contents In addition, a change in the net capital rules or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage, calculation, or amount of net capital requirements, or a significant operating loss or any large charge against net capital, could have similar adverse effects. Furthermore, our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from it to BRC Group Holdings, Inc. As a holding company, BRC Group Holdings, Inc. depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments, if any, and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. As a result, regulatory actions could impede access to funds that BRC Group Holdings, Inc. needs to make payments on obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. In addition, because BRC Group Holdings, Inc. holds equity interests in the firm’s subsidiaries, its rights as an equity holder to the assets of these subsidiaries may not materialize, if at all, until the claims of the creditors of these subsidiaries are first satisfied. Risks Related to our Investment Activities We have made and may make investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets that often have significantly leveraged capital structures, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the principal amount we invest in these activities. From time to time, we use our capital, including on a leveraged basis, in proprietary investments in both private company and public company securities that may be illiquid and volatile. The equity securities of a privately-held entity in which we make a proprietary investment are likely to be restricted as to resale and are otherwise typically highly illiquid. In the case of fund or similar investments, our investments may be illiquid until such investment vehicles are liquidated. We expect that there will be restrictions on our ability to resell the securities that we acquire for a period of up to one year after we acquire those securities. Thereafter, a public market sale may be subject to volume limitations or dependent upon securing a registration statement for an initial and potentially secondary public offering of the securities. We may make investments that are significant relative to the overall capitalization of the investee company and resales of significant amounts of these securities might be subject to significant limitations and adversely affect the market and the sales price for the securities in which we invest. In addition, our investments may involve entities or businesses with capital structures that have significant leverage. The large amount of borrowing in the leveraged capital structure increases the risk of losses due to factors such as rising inflation, interest rates, downturns in the economy or deteriorations in the condition of the investment or its industry. In the event of defaults under borrowings, the assets being financed would be at risk of foreclosure, and we could lose our entire investment. Even if we make an appropriate investment decision based on the intrinsic value of an enterprise, we cannot assure you that general market conditions will not cause the market value of our investments to decline. For example, a further increase in inflation, interest rates, a general decline in the stock markets, such as the recent declines in the stock markets due to the anticipated rising interest rate environment, or other market and industry conditions adverse to companies of the type in which we invest and intend to invest could result in a decline in the value of our investments or a total loss of our investment. Also, we may have to hold these investments for a longer period of time than originally planned at the time of investment. This may result in further declines in value or a total loss of our investment. In addition, some of these investments are, or may in the future be, in industries or sectors which are unstable, in distress or undergoing some uncertainty. Further, the companies in which we invest may rely on new or developing technologies or novel business models, or concentrate on markets which are or may be disproportionately impacted by pressures in the financial services and/or mortgage and real estate sectors, have not yet developed and which may never develop sufficiently to support successful operations, or their existing business operations may deteriorate or may not expand or perform as projected. Such investments may be subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden company-specific or industry-wide developments. Contributing capital to these investments is risky, and we may lose some or all of the principal amount of our investments. There are no regularly quoted market prices for a number of the investments that we make. The value of our investments is determined using fair value methodologies described in valuation policies, which may consider, among other things, the nature of the investment, the expected cash flows from the investment, bid or ask prices provided by third parties for the investment and the trading price of recent sales of securities (in the case of publicly-traded securities), restrictions on transfer and other recognized valuation methodologies. The methodologies we use in valuing individual investments are based on estimates and assumptions specific to the particular investments. Therefore, the value of our investments does not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us when such investments are sold. Realizations, if any, at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected on our balance sheet would result in losses of potential incentive income. 23 Table of Contents We are exposed to credit risk from a variety of our activities, including loans, lines of credit, guarantees and backstop commitments, and we may not be able to fully realize the value of the collateral securing certain of our loans. We are generally exposed to the risk that third parties owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. Additionally, when we guarantee or backstop the obligations of third parties, we are exposed to the risk that our guarantee or backstop may be called by the holder following a default by the primary obligor, which could cause us to incur significant losses, and, when our obligations are secured, expose us to the risk that the holder may seek to foreclose on collateral pledged by us. We incur credit risk through loans, lines of credit, guarantees and backstop commitments issued to or on behalf of businesses and individuals, and other loans collateralized by a variety of assets, including securities. We have experienced credit losses and bear increased credit risk because we have made loans and commitments to borrowers or issuers engaged in emerging businesses or who lack access to conventional financing who, as a group, may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. For example, we have made loans to borrowers in the cryptocurrency industry and have incurred losses as cryptocurrency prices have declined and participants in the cryptocurrency industry have experienced liquidity issues and we expect to incur further losses in the event that the cryptocurrency market experiences further volatility or liquidity issues or further declines or fails to recover. Our credit risk and credit losses can further increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies. The deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics (like the COVID-19 pandemic), acts of terrorism or war, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional loan loss provisions and/or charges-offs, or credit impairment of our investments, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital. The amount and duration of our credit exposures have been increasing over the past year, as have the breadth and size of the entities to which we have credit exposures. We permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. During periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the purchaser’s indebtedness. If clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. This may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults. Although a substantial amount of our loans to counterparties are protected by holding security interests in the assets or equity interests of the borrower, we may not be able to fully realize the value of the collateral securing our loans due to one or more of the following factors: • Our loans may be unsecured, therefore our liens on the collateral, if any, are subordinated to those of the senior secured debt of the borrower, if any. As a result, we may not be able to control remedies with respect to the collateral. • The collateral may not be valuable enough to satisfy all of the obligations under our secured loan, particularly after giving effect to the repayment of secured debt of the borrower that ranks senior to our loan. • Bankruptcy laws may limit our ability to realize value from the collateral and may delay the realization process. • Our rights in the collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the collateral. • The need to obtain regulatory and contractual consents could impair or impede how effectively the collateral would be liquidated and could affect the value received. • Some or all of the collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. The liquidity and value of the collateral could be impaired as a result of changing economic conditions, competition, and other factors, including the availability of suitable buyers. 24 Table of Contents For example, in December 2023, the Company loaned $108.0 million to Conn’s which loan amount was subsequently reduced to $93.0 million due to principal repayments. The fair value of this loan receivable was $19.1 million at December 31, 2024 given that in July 2024, Conn’s and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded unrealized gains (losses) of $0.8 million and $(71.7) million, respectively, and additional cash payments of $19.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 with respects to this loan receivable. The fair value of this loan receivable was zero at December 31, 2025. In addition, on November 3, 2024, FRG, its operating businesses, and certain other affiliates, including Freedom VCM, filed the FRG Chapter 11 Cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. As a result, on November 4, 2024, we concluded that we were required to record an additional impairment with respect to the Freedom VCM Investment and the Vintage Loan Receivable. As a result of such additional impairment, we have ascribed no value to the Freedom VCM Investment as of December 31, 2024 and a value of $1.8 million to the Vintage Loan Receivable as of December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2024, non-cash impairments of the Freedom VCM Investment and the Vintage Loan Receivable were $221.0 million and $222.9 million, respectively. We have had and may experience write downs of our investments and other losses related to the valuation of our investments and volatile and illiquid market conditions. In our proprietary investment activities, our concentrated holdings, illiquidity and market volatility may make it difficult to value certain of our investment securities and/or to exit such investments. We have experienced, and may continue to experience in light of factors then prevailing, such as rising interest rates, general economic and market conditions, stock market volatility or changes in the financial condition of the applicable issuer, significant downward adjustments in subsequent valuations of securities on our balance sheet. In addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these securities, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these factors could require us to take write downs in the value of our investment and securities portfolio, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. Changes to consumer protection laws or changes in their interpretation may impede collection efforts or otherwise adversely impact us or the originator of our receivables. Federal and state consumer protection laws regulate the creation and enforcement of consumer receivables and other loans. Many of these laws (and the related regulations) are focused on non-prime lenders and are intended to prohibit or curtail industry-standard practices as well as non-standard practices. For instance, Congress enacted legislation that regulates loans to military personnel through imposing interest rate and other limitations and requiring new disclosures, all as regulated by the Department of Defense. Similarly, in 2009, Congress enacted legislation that required changes to a variety of marketing, billing, and collection practices, and the Federal Reserve adopted significant changes to a number of practices through its issuance of regulations. Badcock originated the transactions that underlie our receivables investments and any others we may make. Furthermore, we rely on Badcock to service our receivables portfolio. We depend on Badcock to comply with all applicable laws and regulations applicable to our receivables portfolio, and for Badcock to adapt to changing laws and regulations. Furthermore, if Badcock becomes unable or unwilling to continue to service our receivables portfolio, we will likely need to engage another third party to provide such services, which could cause us to incur unanticipated costs. Changes in the consumer protection laws could result in the following: • receivables not originated in compliance with law (or revised interpretations) could become unenforceable and uncollectible under their terms against the obligors; • the servicer may be required to credit or refund previously collected amounts, resulting in a reduction in amounts paid to us; • certain fees and finance charges could be limited, prohibited, or restricted, reducing the profitability of certain investments in receivables; • certain collection methods could be prohibited, forcing the parties that service our receivables portfolio to revise their practices or adopt more costly or less effective practices; 25 Table of Contents • limitations on the servicer’s ability to recover on charged-off receivables regardless of any act or omission on their or our part; • some credit products and services could be banned in certain states or at the federal level; • federal or state bankruptcy or debtor relief laws could offer additional protections to consumers seeking bankruptcy protection, providing a court greater leeway to reduce or discharge amounts owed; and • a reduction in our ability or willingness to invest in receivables arising under loans to certain consumers, such as military personnel. Risks Related to our Wealth Management Business Poor investment performance may decrease assets under management and reduce revenues from and the profitability of our asset management business. Revenues from our asset management business are primarily derived from asset management fees. Asset management fees are generally comprised of management and incentive fees. Management fees are typically based on assets under management, and incentive fees are earned on a quarterly or annual basis only if the return on our managed accounts exceeds a certain threshold return, or “highwater mark,” for each investor. We will not earn incentive fee income during a particular period, even when a fund had positive returns in that period, if we do not generate cumulative performance that surpasses a highwater mark. If a fund experiences losses, we will not earn incentive fees with regard to investors in that fund until its returns exceed the relevant highwater mark. In addition, investment performance is one of the most important factors in retaining existing investors and competing for new asset management business. Investment performance may be poor as a result of the current or future difficult market or economic conditions, including changes in interest rates or inflation, acts of war, aggression or terrorism, widespread outbreaks of disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or similar pandemics, or political uncertainty, our investment style, the particular investments that we make, and other factors. Poor investment performance may result in a decline in our revenues and income by causing (i) the net asset value of the assets under our management to decrease, which would result in lower management fees to us, (ii) lower investment returns, resulting in a reduction of incentive fee income to us, and (iii) investor redemptions, which would result in lower fees to us because we would have fewer assets under management. To the extent our future investment performance is perceived to be poor in either relative or absolute terms, the revenues and profitability of our asset management business will likely be reduced and our ability to grow existing funds and raise new funds in the future will likely be impaired. The historical returns of our funds may not be indicative of the future results of our funds. The historical returns of our funds should not be considered indicative of the future results that should be expected from such funds or from any future funds we may raise. Our rates of returns reflect unrealized gains, as of the applicable measurement date, which may never be realized due to changes in market and other conditions not in our control that may adversely affect the ultimate value realized from the investments in a fund. The returns of our funds may have also benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves, and there can be no assurance that our current or future funds will be able to avail themselves of profitable investment opportunities. Furthermore, the historical and potential future returns of the funds we manage also may not necessarily bear any relationship to potential returns on our common stock. We are subject to risks in using custodians. Our asset management subsidiary and its managed funds depend on the services of custodians to settle and report securities transactions. In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in whole or in part as they will rank among the custodian’s unsecured creditors in relation to assets which the custodian borrows, lends or otherwise uses. In addition, cash held by our funds with the custodian will not be segregated from the custodian’s own cash, and the funds will therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. 26 Table of Contents We manage debt investments that involve significant risks. We have and may invest in secured and unsecured debt issued by companies that have or may incur additional debt that is senior to the such debt. In the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of any such borrower, the owners of senior secured debt (i.e., the owners of first priority liens) generally will be entitled to receive proceeds from any realization of the secured collateral until they have been reimbursed. At such time, the owners of junior secured debt (including, in certain circumstances, the Company or an affiliate) will be entitled to receive proceeds from the realization of the collateral securing such debt. There can be no assurances that the proceeds, if any, from the sale of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by subordinate debt instruments. To the extent that the Company or an affiliate owns secured debt that is junior to other secured debt, the Company or such affiliate may lose the value of its entire investment in such debt. In addition, the Company may invest in loans that are secured by a second lien on assets. Second lien loans have been a developed market for a relatively short period of time, and there is limited historical data on the performance of second lien loans in adverse economic circumstances. In addition, second lien loan products are subject to intercreditor arrangements with the holders of first lien indebtedness, pursuant to which the second lien holders have waived many of the rights of a secured creditor, and some rights of unsecured creditors, including rights in bankruptcy, which can materially affect recoveries. While there is broad market acceptance of some second lien intercreditor terms, no clear market standard has developed for certain other material intercreditor terms for second lien loan products. This variation in key intercreditor terms may result in dissimilar recoveries across otherwise similarly situated second lien loans in insolvency or distressed situations. While uncertainty of recovery in an insolvency or distressed situation is inherent in all debt instruments, second lien loan products carry more risks than certain other debt products. Risks Related to our Communication Related Businesses (Lingo, magicJack, Marconi Wireless and/or UOL) Our marketing and customer retention efforts for our Lingo, magicJack and Marconi Wireless businesses may not be successful, or may become more expensive, either of which could increase our costs and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We rely on relationships with a wide variety of third parties, including Internet search providers such as Google, social networking platforms such as Facebook, Internet advertising networks, co-registration partners, retailers, distributors, television advertising agencies, direct marketers and channel partners, to source new customers and to promote or distribute our services and products for our Lingo, magicJack and Marconi Wireless businesses. In addition, in connection with the launch of new services or products for these communication businesses, we may spend a significant amount of resources on marketing or upfront commissions to channel partners. With any of our brands, services, and products, if our marketing activities are inefficient or unsuccessful, if important third-party relationships or marketing strategies, such as Internet search engine marketing and search engine optimization, become more expensive or unavailable, or are suspended, modified, or terminated, for any reason, if there is an increase in the proportion of consumers visiting our websites or purchasing our services and products by way of marketing channels with higher marketing costs as compared to channels that have lower or no associated marketing costs, or if our marketing efforts do not result in our services and products being prominently ranked in Internet search listings, or our partner commissions continue to increase, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted. Government regulations could adversely affect our communication-related businesses (Lingo, magicJack, Marconi Wireless and UOL) or force us to change our business practices. The services we provide are subject to varying degrees of international, federal, state and local laws and regulation, including, without limitation, those relating to taxation, bulk email or “spam,” advertising (including, without limitation, targeted or behavioral advertising), user privacy, robocalling, Caller ID spoofing, and data protection, consumer protection, antitrust, export, and unclaimed property. Compliance with such laws and regulations, which in many instances are unclear or unsettled, is complex. New laws and regulations, such as those being considered or recently enacted by certain states, the federal government, or international authorities related to automatic-renewal practices, spam, robocalling, spoofing, user privacy, targeted or behavioral advertising, and taxation/surcharges, could impact our revenues or certain of our business practices or those of our advertisers. Moreover, distribution partners or customers may require us, or we may otherwise deem it necessary or advisable, to alter our products to address actual or anticipated changes in the regulatory environment. Our inability to alter our products to address these requirements and any regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 27 Table of Contents The current regulatory environment for broadband telephone services is developing and therefore uncertain. The United States and other countries have begun to assert regulatory authority over broadband telephone service and are continuing to evaluate how broadband telephone service will be regulated in the future. Both the application of existing rules to us and our competitors and the effects of future regulatory developments are uncertain. Future legislative, judicial or other regulatory actions could have a negative effect on our business, which may involve significant compliance costs and require that we restructure our service offerings, exit certain markets, or increase our prices to recover our regulatory costs, any of which could cause our services to be less attractive to customers. Regulatory and governmental agencies may determine that we should be subject to rules applicable to certain broadband telephone service providers or seek to impose new or increased fees, taxes, and administrative burdens on broadband telephone service providers. We also may change our product and service offerings in a manner that subjects us to greater regulation and taxation. We are faced, and may continue to face, difficulty collecting such charges from our customers and/or carriers, and collecting such charges may cause us to incur legal fees. We may be unsuccessful in collecting all of the regulatory fees and/or surcharges owed to us. The imposition of any such additional regulatory fees, surcharges, taxes and regulations on VoIP and cloud communications services could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive pricing advantages. In the case of our magicJack business, we offer our magicJack products and services in other countries, and therefore could also be subject to regulatory risks in each such foreign jurisdiction, including the risk that regulations in some jurisdictions will prohibit us from providing our services cost-effectively, or at all, which could limit our growth. Currently, there are several countries where regulations prohibit us from offering service. In addition, because customers can use our services almost anywhere that a broadband Internet connection is available, including countries where providing broadband telephone service is illegal, the governments of those countries may attempt to assert jurisdiction over us. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions, expose us to significant liability and regulation and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. In the case of UOL, Broadband Internet access is currently classified by the FCC as an “information service.” While this classification means that broadband Internet access services are not subject to Universal Service Fund (“USF”) contributions, Congress or the FCC may expand the USF contribution obligations to include broadband Internet access services. If broadband Internet access providers become subject to USF contribution obligations, it would likely raise the effective cost of our services to customers, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction and have an adverse impact on the revenues and profitability of our UOL business. We are faced, and may continue to face, difficulty collecting regulatory fees and surcharges from our customers and/or carriers and collecting such charges may cause us to incur legal fees. We may be unsuccessful in collecting all the regulatory fees or surcharges owed to us. The imposition of any such additional regulatory fees, surcharges, taxes and regulations on our services could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive pricing advantages. Failure to remit regulatory fees, surcharges and taxes mandated by federal and state regulations; failure to maintain proper state tariffs and certifications; failure to comply with federal, state or local laws and regulations; failure to obtain and maintain required licenses, franchises and permits; imposition of burdensome license, franchise or permit requirements for us to operate in public rights-of-way; and imposition of new burdensome or adverse regulatory requirements could limit the types of services we provide or the terms on which we provide these services. We cannot predict the outcome of any ongoing legislative initiatives or administrative or judicial proceedings or their potential impact upon the communications and information technology industries generally or upon our communication-related businesses specifically. Any changes in the laws and regulations applicable to our communication-related businesses, the enactment of any additional laws or regulations, or the failure to comply with, or increased enforcement activity by regulators of, such laws and regulations, could significantly impact our services and products, our costs, or the manner in which we or our advertisers or partners conduct business, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and cause our business to suffer. 28 Table of Contents The FCC and some state PUCs require us to obtain prior approval of certain major merger and acquisition transactions, such as the acquisition of control of another telecommunications carrier. Delays in obtaining such approvals could affect our ability to close proposed transactions in a timely manner and could increase our costs and increase the risk of non-consummation of some transactions. Increases in credit card processing fees and high chargeback costs would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations, and an adverse change in, or the termination of, our relationship with any major credit card company would have a severe, negative impact on our communication-related businesses (Lingo, magicJack, Marconi Wireless and UOL). A significant number of our customers purchase our products and services through our websites and pay for our communications products and services using credit or debit cards. The major credit card companies, or the issuing banks, may increase the fees that they charge for transactions using their cards. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our products, or suffer a negative impact on our profitability, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have potential liability for chargebacks associated with the transactions we process, or that are processed on our behalf by merchants selling our services and/or products. If a customer returns his or her products at any time, or claims that our product was purchased fraudulently, the returned product is “charged back” in the case of magicJack, to magicJack or its bank, as applicable. If we or our sponsoring banks are unable to collect the chargeback from the merchant’s account, or, if the merchant refuses or is financially unable, due to bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse the merchant’s bank for the chargeback, we bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid. We are vulnerable to credit card fraud, as we sell communications products and services directly to customers through our website. Card fraud occurs when a customer uses a stolen card (or a stolen card number in a card-not-present-transaction) to purchase merchandise or services. In a traditional card-present transaction, if the merchant swipes the card, receives authorization for the transaction from the card issuing bank and verifies the signature on the back of the card against the paper receipt signed by the customer, the card issuing bank remains liable for any loss. In a fraudulent card-not-present transaction, even if the merchant or we receive authorization for the transaction, we or the merchant are liable for any loss arising from the transaction. Because sales made directly from our websites are card-not-present transactions, we are more vulnerable to customer fraud. We are also subject to acts of consumer fraud by customers that purchase our products and services and subsequently claim that such purchases were not made. In addition, as a result of high chargeback rates or other reasons beyond our control, the credit card companies or issuing bank may terminate their relationship with us, and there are no assurances that it will be able to enter into a new credit card processing agreement on similar terms, if at all. Upon a termination, if our credit card processor does not assist it in transitioning its business to another credit card processor, or if we were not able to obtain a new credit card processor, the negative impact on the liquidity of our communication-related businesses likely would be significant. The credit card processor may also prohibit us from billing discounts annually or for any other reason. Any increases in the credit card fees paid by our communication-related businesses could adversely affect our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our service rates to offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card, due to high chargebacks or otherwise, would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. For our Lingo, magicJack and UOL businesses, flaws in our technology and systems could cause delays or interruptions of service, damage our reputation, cause us to lose customers and limit our growth. Services of our Lingo, magicJack and UOL businesses could be disrupted by problems with our technology and systems, such as malfunctions in our software or other facilities and overloading of our servers. Our customers in these businesses could experience interruptions in the future as a result of these types of problems. Interruptions could in the future cause us to lose customers, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability in these businesses. In addition, because many of our systems and our customers’ ability to use our services are Internet-dependent, our services may be subject to “hacker attacks” from the Internet, which could have a significant impact on our systems and services, as well as our underlying providers’ systems and network. If service interruptions adversely affect the perceived reliability of our service, it may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers and our brand reputation and growth may suffer. 29 Table of Contents Our Lingo, Marconi Wireless and UOL businesses are dependent on the availability of telecommunications services and compatibility with third-party systems and products. Our Lingo, Marconi Wireless and UOL businesses substantially depend on the availability, capacity, affordability, reliability, and security of telecommunications networks operated by third parties. Only a limited number of telecommunications providers offer the network and data services we currently require for our services, and we purchase most of our telecommunications services from a few providers. Some of our telecommunications services are provided pursuant to short-term agreements that the providers can terminate or elect not to renew. In addition, some telecommunications providers may cease to offer network services for certain less populated areas, such as POTs, which would reduce the number of providers from which we may purchase services, and may entirely eliminate our ability to purchase services for certain areas. Lingo’s POTs services rely primarily on four major ILECs nationwide for these legacy services and, as copper lines and other infrastructure issues arise, the ILECs move forward with their intention to decommission the networks, subject in most cases to long lead times prior to any decommission. Upon decommission, Lingo works to convert its POTs customers to POTs alternative products and this conversion is typically successful. There is no guarantee these legacy networks will continue to be available nationwide, and we cannot predict with certainty our ability to convert all POTs customer to POTs alternative products. Any substantial impact on our ability to convert these customers to new products could negatively impact our revenue. Currently, consistent with mobile practice, the mobile network service of our Marconi Wireless business is purposely entirely dependent upon services acquired from one service provider. If such provider did not provide adequate notice in the event of a termination, we may experience a delay in obtaining a new agreement with a different telecommunications provider on acceptable terms, or if the provider abruptly discontinues its services, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Our dial-up Internet access services of our UOL business also rely on their compatibility with other third-party systems, products and features, including operating systems. Incompatibility with third-party systems and products could adversely affect our ability to deliver our services or a user’s ability to access our services and could also adversely impact the distribution channels for our services. Our dial-up Internet access services are dependent on dial-up modems and an increasing number of computer manufacturers, including certain manufacturers with whom we have distribution relationships, do not pre-load their new computers with dial-up modems, requiring the user to separately acquire a modem to access our services. We cannot assure you that, as the dial-up Internet access market declines and new technologies emerge, we will be able to continue to effectively distribute and deliver our services. Risks Related to Lingo Business Plain Old Telephone (“POTs”) services have been decommissioned in several rural areas, and this legacy technology may no longer be available in most major urban areas in the next five years, impacting our ability to service our residential and business customers. In addition to providing cloud/unified communications, the Lingo carriers are national Competitive Local Exchange Carriers (“CLECs”), and a significant portion of revenues consists of reselling POTs copper lines to its customers. Over the last several years, the Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers (“ILECs”), whose POTs services Lingo resells, have been decommissioning POTs lines in rural areas, and have increasingly provided notice that it will no longer take POTs orders in several other wire centers, which impacts Lingo’s ability to service its large enterprise POTs lines customers. Additionally, the ILECs have indicated they could potentially discontinue offering POTs services in the next five years and have recently filed applications with the FCC and state Public Utilities Commissions (“PUCs”) to discontinue its requirements to offer legacy POTs services. The pricing for POTs services has also seen dramatic increases year over year, and this may impact Lingo’s ability to bring on new POTs customers. This has also led to a higher-than-expected level of churn, and with the added difficulty in adding new POTs customers, could adversely affect Lingo’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Lingo has pushed existing POTs customers to POTs alternative solutions; however, these products may have a lower average revenue per customer (“ARPU”), which may affect Lingo’s top line revenues. The conversion of POTs lines to POTs alternative solutions may also cause Lingo to incur a higher CAPEX. 30 Table of Contents Lingo’s profitability mat be lower due to the decommissioning of POTs services and will rely on converting its POTs customer to POTs alternative products, as well as controlling the costs of these conversions. Risks Related to magicJack Business We rely on independent retailers to sell the magicJack devices, and disruption to these channels would harm our business. Because we sell magicJack devices, other devices and certain services to independent retailers, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for magicJack’s products. In particular, magicJack’s retailers may maintain significant levels of our products in their inventories. If retailers attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. The retailers who sell magicJack products also sell products offered by its competitors. If these competitors offer the retailers more favorable terms, those retailers may de-emphasize or decline to carry magicJack’s products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified retailers. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with retailers or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. To continue this method of sales, we will have to allocate resources to train

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, systems integrators and business partners as to the use of our products, resulting in additional costs and additional time until sales by such vendors, systems integrators and business partners are made feasible. Our business depends to a certain extent upon the success of such channels and the broad market acceptance of our products. To the extent that our channels are unsuccessful in selling our products, our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. If magicJack fails to maintain relationships with these channels, fails to develop new channels, fails to effectively manage, train, or provide incentives to existing channels or if these channels are not successful in their sales efforts, sales of magicJack’s products may decrease and our operating results would suffer. The success of our business relies on customers’ continued and unimpeded access to broadband service. Providers of broadband services may be able to block our services or charge their customers more for also using our services, which could adversely affect our revenue and growth. Our customers must have broadband access to the Internet in order to use some of our services. Providers of broadband access, some of whom are also competing providers of broadband voice services, may take measures that affect their customers’ ability to use our service, such as degrading the quality of the data packets they transmit over their lines, giving those packets low priority, giving other packets higher priority than ours, blocking our packets entirely or attempting to charge their customers more for also using our services. In December 2017, the FCC rescinded rules that, among other things, prohibited broadband Internet access providers from blocking, throttling, or otherwise degrading the quality of data packets, or attempting to extract additional fees from edge service providers. In October 2019, the D.C. Circuit largely upheld the FCC decision. Although some states, most notably California, have adopted prohibitions similar to those rescinded by the FCC, if broadband providers block, throttle or otherwise degrade the quality of our data packets or attempt to extract additional fees from us or our customers, it could adversely impact our business. Risks Related to UOL Business Dial-up and DSL pay accounts may decline faster than expected and adversely impact our business. A significant portion of UOL’s revenues and profits come from dial-up Internet and DSL access services and related services and advertising revenues. UOL’s dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts and revenues have been declining and are expected to continue to decline due to the continued maturation of the market for dial-up and DSL Internet access, competitive pressures in the industry and limited sales efforts. Consumers continue to migrate to broadband access, primarily due to the faster connection and download speeds provided by broadband access. Advanced applications such as online gaming, music downloads and videos require greater bandwidth for optimal performance, which adds to the demand 31 Table of Contents for broadband access. The pricing for basic broadband services has been declining as well, making it a more viable option for consumers. In addition, the popularity of accessing the Internet through tablets and mobile devices has been growing and may accelerate the migration of consumers away from dial-up Internet access. The number of dial-up Internet access pay accounts has been adversely impacted by both a decrease in the number of new pay accounts signing up for UOL’s services, as well as the impact of subscribers canceling their accounts, which we refer to as “churn.” Churn has increased from time to time and may increase in the future. If we experience a higher-than-expected level of churn, it will make it more difficult for us to increase or maintain the number of pay accounts, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We expect UOL’s dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts to continue to decline. As a result, related services revenues and the profitability of this segment may decline. The rate of decline in these revenues may continue to accelerate. We may not be able to consistently make a high level of expense reductions in the future. Continued declines in revenues relating to the UOL business, particularly if such declines accelerate, will materially and adversely impact the profitability of this business. Risks Related to Our Consumer Products Segment If Targus fails to innovate and develop new products in a timely and cost-effective manner for its new and existing product categories, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Targus product categories are characterized by short product life cycles, intense competition, frequent new product introductions, rapidly changing technology, dynamic consumer demand, seasonality and evolving industry standards. As a result, we must continually innovate in our new and existing product categories, introduce new products and technologies, and enhance existing products in order to remain competitive. The success of our product portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to: • Identify new features, functionality and opportunities; • Anticipate technology, market trends and consumer preferences; • Develop innovative, high-quality, and reliable new products and enhancements in a cost-effective and timely manner; • Distinguish our products from those of our competitors; and • Offer our products at prices and on terms that are attractive to our customers and consumers. If we do not execute on these factors successfully, products that we introduce or technologies or standards that we adopt may not gain widespread commercial acceptance, and our business and operating results could suffer. In addition, if we do not continue to differentiate our products through distinctive, technologically advanced features, designs, and services that are appealing to our customers and consumers, as well as continue to build and strengthen our brand recognition and our access to distribution channels, our business could be adversely affected. Our products are also impacted by seasonality with demand concentrated around back-to-school and holiday periods. Inflationary pressures, employment trends and enterprise IT budget timing can amplify volatility, impacting forecasting accuracy, production planning and inventory management. The development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation, as well as intellectual property protection and enforcement. The development process also can be lengthy and costly. There are significant initial expenditures for research and development, tooling,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local, and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing governing the manufacturing use and distribution of materials and chemical substances in products, their safe use, and laws restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products. We could incur costs, including fines and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party damage or personal injury claims, if we or our contract manufacturers were to violate or become liable under environmental laws. We have established systems that facilitate our products’ compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to testing, sourcing, traceability, and reporting obligations on a product basis. We require all contract manufacturers to attest to the compliance of the products they manufacture for such laws and regulations, and that the materials they utilize are as specified and tested. By signing a Supplier Hazardous Substance Free Declaration of Conformity to Targus, or other relevant Declaration of Conformity by product type, contract manufacturers confirm that they, and all components utilized in the products they manufacture for us, are in compliance with applicable regulations. Evolving environmental, social and governance considerations, as well as human rights diligence regimes may require enhanced supplier auditors, remediation plans and disclosures. For additional information, see “

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and provide all facilities and labor required to manufacture our products. Within Asia, except for India, the majority of raw materials are from China. If these companies were to terminate their arrangements with us or fail to provide the required capacity and quality on a timely basis, either due to actions of the manufacturers; earthquakes, typhoons, tsunamis, fires, floods, or other natural disasters; COVID-19 or other pandemics; wars or armed conflicts; strains on infrastructure; available labor pools or manufacturing capacity; or the actions of their respective governments, we would be unable to manufacture our products until replacement contract manufacturing services could be obtained. To qualify a new contract manufacturer, familiarize it with our products, quality standards and other requirements, and commence volume production is a costly and time-consuming process. Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for an input component, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we have experienced component shortages and extended lead times on semiconductors and other input products used in our finished products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could delay shipment of our products or increase our production costs, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. While we work to address and mitigate such risks, we are exposed to the risks of supply chain disruption which could negatively impact our business. Any material interruption in the manufacture of our products could likely result in delays in shipment, lost sales and revenue, and damage to our reputation in the market, all of which would harm our business and results of operations. Changes in trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, including changes in trade agreements and the imposition of tariffs, export controls, sanctions, customs enforcement, retaliatory measures and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In recent years, the U.S. government has instituted or proposed changes to international trade policy through the renegotiation, and potential termination, of certain existing bilateral or multilateral trade agreements and treaties with, and the imposition of tariffs on a wide range of products and other goods from China, EMEA, and other countries. Given our contract manufacturing and logistic providers in those countries, policy or regulations changes in the United States or other countries present particular risks for us. The current administration has imposed, and has indicated it plans to continue to impose, tariffs on various U.S. trading partners, and those trading partners have retaliated or threatened to retaliate with tariffs on U.S. goods. New or increased tariffs, retaliatory tariffs, export controls, sanctions, customs enforcement and resulting trade wars could adversely affect many of our products. We cannot predict future trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements or treaties, or tariffs and their impact on our business. An escalated trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. To the extent that trade tariffs and other restrictions imposed by the United States or other countries increase the price of, or limit the amount of, our products or components or materials used in our products imported into the United States or other countries, or create 19 Table of Contents adverse tax consequences, the sales, cost, or gross margin of our products may be adversely affected and the demand from our customers for products and services may be diminished. Uncertainty surrounding international trade policy and regulations as well as disputes and protectionist measures could also have an adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending. If we deem it necessary to alter all or a portion of our activities or operations in response to such policies, agreements, or tariffs, our capital and operating costs may increase. Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates. While the majority of our business is conducted in U.S. Dollars, we face some exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. For manufacturing, our components are sourced mainly in U.S. Dollars. Our primary exposure to movements in currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and operating expenses worldwide. The weakening of currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar adversely affects the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. If we raise international pricing to compensate, it could potentially reduce demand for our products, adversely affecting our sales and potentially having an adverse impact on our market share. Margins on sales of our products in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries and on sales of products that include components obtained from suppliers in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries could be adversely affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the U.S. Dollar’s strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. Competitive conditions in the markets in which we operate may also limit our ability to increase prices in the event of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Conversely, strengthening of currency rates may also increase our product component costs and other expenses denominated in those currencies, adversely affecting operating results. As a result, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could and have in the past adversely affected our business, operating results and financial condition. Risks Related to BRS’ Capital Markets Activities Our corporate finance and strategic advisory engagements are singular in nature and do not generally provide for subsequent engagements. Our investment banking clients generally retain us on a short-term, engagement-by-engagement basis in connection with specific corporate finance, merger and acquisition transactions (often as an advisor in company sale transactions) and other strategic advisory services, rather than on a recurring basis under long-term contracts. As these transactions are typically singular in nature and our engagements with these clients may not recur, we must seek new engagements when our current engagements are successfully completed or are terminated. As a result, high activity levels in any period are not necessarily indicative of continued high levels of activity in any subsequent period. If we are unable to generate a substantial number of new engagements that generate fees from new or existing clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our Capital Markets operations are highly dependent on communications, information and other systems and third parties, and any systems failures could significantly disrupt our capital markets business. Our data and transaction processing, custody, financial, accounting and other technology and operating systems are essential to our capital markets operations. A system malfunction (due to hardware failure, capacity overload, security incident, data corruption, etc.) or mistake made relating to the processing of transactions could result in financial loss, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, reputational damage and constraints on our ability to grow. We outsource a substantial portion of our critical data processing activities, including trade processing and back office data processing. We also contract with third parties for market data and other services. In the event that any of these service providers fails to adequately perform such services, or the relationship between that service provider and us is terminated, we may experience a significant disruption in our operations, including our ability to timely and accurately process transactions or maintain complete and accurate records of those transactions. Adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, expansion and industry demands also is critical for our business. Introduction of new technologies present new challenges on a regular basis. We have an ongoing need to upgrade and improve our various technology systems, including our data and 20 Table of Contents transaction processing, financial, accounting, risk management and trading systems. This need could present operational issues or require significant capital spending. It also may require us to make additional investments in technology systems and may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of our technology systems, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our internal and outsourced computer systems and networks also is critically important to our business. We take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant. However, our computer systems and software are subject to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code, inadvertent, erroneous or intercepted transmission of information (including by e-mail), and other events that have had an information security impact. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize our or our clients’ or counterparties’ confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. A disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business due to fire, natural disaster, health emergency (for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), power or communication failure, act of terrorism or war may affect our ability to service and interact with our clients. If we are not able to implement contingency plans effectively, any such disruption could harm our results of operations. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technology in the markets in which our market-making business operates may adversely affect this business and may increase competition. The continued growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our market-making business and presenting new challenges. Securities, futures and options transactions are increasingly occurring electronically, through alternative trading systems. We expect that the trend toward alternative trading systems will continue to accelerate. This acceleration could further increase program trading, increase the speed of transactions and decrease our ability to participate in transactions as principal, which would reduce the profitability of our market-making business. Some of these alternative trading systems compete with our market-making business and with our algorithmic trading platform, and we may experience continued competitive pressures in these and other areas. Significant resources have been invested in the development of our electronic trading systems, which includes our at-the-market business, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on the investment, particularly given the increased program trading and increased percentage of stocks trading off of the historically manual trading markets. Pricing and other competitive pressures may impair the revenues of our sales and trading business. We derive a significant portion of our revenues for our investment banking operations from our sales and trading business. There has been intense price competition and trading volume reduction in this business in recent years. In particular, the ability to execute trades electronically and through alternative trading systems has increased the downward pressure on per share trading commissions and spreads. We expect these trends toward alternative trading systems and downward pricing pressure in the business to continue. We experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by competing on the basis of price or by using their own capital to facilitate client trading activities. In addition, we face pressure from our larger competitors, many of whom are better able to offer a broader range of complementary products and services to clients in order to win their trading business. These larger competitors may also be better able to respond to changes in the research, brokerage and investment banking industries, to compete for skilled professionals, to finance acquisitions, to fund internal growth and to compete for market share generally. As we are committed to maintaining and improving our comprehensive research coverage in our target sectors to support our sales and trading business, we may be required to make substantial investments in our research capabilities to remain competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively in these areas, the revenues of our sales and trading business may decline, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. Some of our large institutional sales and trading clients in terms of brokerage revenues have entered into arrangements with us and other investment banking firms under which they separate payments for research products or services from trading commissions for sales and trading services, and pay for research directly in cash, instead of compensating the research providers through trading commissions (referred to as “soft dollar” practices). In addition, we have entered into 21 Table of Contents certain commission sharing arrangements in which institutional clients execute trades with a limited number of brokers and instruct those brokers to allocate a portion of the commission directly to us or other broker-dealers for research or to an independent research provider. If more of such arrangements are reached between our clients and us, or if similar practices are adopted by more firms in the investment banking industry, we expect that would increase the competitive pressures on trading commissions and spreads and reduce the value our clients place on high quality research. Conversely, if we are unable to make similar arrangements with other investment managers that insist on separating trading commissions from research products, volumes and trading commissions in our sales and trading business also would likely decrease. Larger and more frequent capital commitments in our trading and underwriting businesses increase the potential for significant losses. Certain financial services firms make larger and more frequent commitments of capital in many of their activities. For example, in order to win business, some investment banks increasingly commit to purchase large blocks of stock from publicly traded issuers or significant stockholders, instead of the more traditional marketed underwriting process in which marketing is typically completed before an investment bank commits to purchase securities for resale. We have participated in this activity and expect to continue to do so and, as a result, we are subject to increased risk. Conversely, if we do not have sufficient regulatory capital to so participate, our business may suffer. Furthermore, we may suffer losses as a result of the positions taken in these transactions even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for others in the industry. We may commit our own capital as part of our trading business to facilitate client sales and trading activities. The number and size of these transactions may adversely affect our results of operations in a given period. We may also incur significant losses from our sales and trading activities due to market fluctuations and volatility in our results of operations. To the extent that we own assets, i.e., have long positions, in any of those markets, a downturn in the value of those assets or in those markets could result in losses. Conversely, to the extent that we have sold assets we do not own, i.e., have short positions, in any of those markets, an upturn in those markets could expose us to potentially large losses as we attempt to cover our short positions by acquiring assets in a rising market. Our underwriting and market making activities may increase our liability. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we purchased as an underwriter at the anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite. Further, even though underwriting agreements with issuing companies typically include a right to indemnification in favor of the underwriter for these offerings to cover potential liability from any material misstatements or omissions, indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient in certain circumstances, for example if the issuing company has become insolvent. As a market maker, we may own large positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. We are subject to net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; failure to comply with these rules would significantly harm our business. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the net capital requirements of the SEC, FINRA, and various self-regulatory organizations of which they are members. These requirements typically specify the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also mandate that a significant part of its assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject a firm to limitation of its activities, including suspension or revocation of its registration by the SEC and suspension or expulsion by FINRA and other regulatory bodies, and ultimately may require its liquidation. Failure to comply with the net capital rules could have material and adverse consequences, such as: • limiting our operations that require intensive use of capital, such as underwriting or trading activities; or • restricting us from withdrawing capital from our subsidiaries when our broker-dealer subsidiaries have more than the minimum amount of required capital. This, in turn, could limit our ability to implement our business and growth strategies, pay interest on and repay the principal of our debt and/or repurchase our shares. 22 Table of Contents In addition, a change in the net capital rules or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage, calculation, or amount of net capital requirements, or a significant operating loss or any large charge against net capital, could have similar adverse effects. Furthermore, our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from it to BRC Group Holdings, Inc. As a holding company, BRC Group Holdings, Inc. depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments, if any, and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. As a result, regulatory actions could impede access to funds that BRC Group Holdings, Inc. needs to make payments on obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. In addition, because BRC Group Holdings, Inc. holds equity interests in the firm’s subsidiaries, its rights as an equity holder to the assets of these subsidiaries may not materialize, if at all, until the claims of the creditors of these subsidiaries are first satisfied. Risks Related to our Investment Activities We have made and may make investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets that often have significantly leveraged capital structures, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the principal amount we invest in these activities. From time to time, we use our capital, including on a leveraged basis, in proprietary investments in both private company and public company securities that may be illiquid and volatile. The equity securities of a privately-held entity in which we make a proprietary investment are likely to be restricted as to resale and are otherwise typically highly illiquid. In the case of fund or similar investments, our investments may be illiquid until such investment vehicles are liquidated. We expect that there will be restrictions on our ability to resell the securities that we acquire for a period of up to one year after we acquire those securities. Thereafter, a public market sale may be subject to volume limitations or dependent upon securing a registration statement for an initial and potentially secondary public offering of the securities. We may make investments that are significant relative to the overall capitalization of the investee company and resales of significant amounts of these securities might be subject to significant limitations and adversely affect the market and the sales price for the securities in which we invest. In addition, our investments may involve entities or businesses with capital structures that have significant leverage. The large amount of borrowing in the leveraged capital structure increases the risk of losses due to factors such as rising inflation, interest rates, downturns in the economy or deteriorations in the condition of the investment or its industry. In the event of defaults under borrowings, the assets being financed would be at risk of foreclosure, and we could lose our entire investment. Even if we make an appropriate investment decision based on the intrinsic value of an enterprise, we cannot assure you that general market conditions will not cause the market value of our investments to decline. For example, a further increase in inflation, interest rates, a general decline in the stock markets, such as the recent declines in the stock markets due to the anticipated rising interest rate environment, or other market and industry conditions adverse to companies of the type in which we invest and intend to invest could result in a decline in the value of our investments or a total loss of our investment. Also, we may have to hold these investments for a longer period of time than originally planned at the time of investment. This may result in further declines in value or a total loss of our investment. In addition, some of these investments are, or may in the future be, in industries or sectors which are unstable, in distress or undergoing some uncertainty. Further, the companies in which we invest may rely on new or developing technologies or novel business models, or concentrate on markets which are or may be disproportionately impacted by pressures in the financial services and/or mortgage and real estate sectors, have not yet developed and which may never develop sufficiently to support successful operations, or their existing business operations may deteriorate or may not expand or perform as projected. Such investments may be subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden company-specific or industry-wide developments. Contributing capital to these investments is risky, and we may lose some or all of the principal amount of our investments. There are no regularly quoted market prices for a number of the investments that we make. The value of our investments is determined using fair value methodologies described in valuation policies, which may consider, among other things, the nature of the investment, the expected cash flows from the investment, bid or ask prices provided by third parties for the investment and the trading price of recent sales of securities (in the case of publicly-traded securities), restrictions on transfer and other recognized valuation methodologies. The methodologies we use in valuing individual investments are based on estimates and assumptions specific to the particular investments. Therefore, the value of our investments does not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us when such investments are sold. Realizations, if any, at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected on our balance sheet would result in losses of potential incentive income. 23 Table of Contents We are exposed to credit risk from a variety of our activities, including loans, lines of credit, guarantees and backstop commitments, and we may not be able to fully realize the value of the collateral securing certain of our loans. We are generally exposed to the risk that third parties owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. Additionally, when we guarantee or backstop the obligations of third parties, we are exposed to the risk that our guarantee or backstop may be called by the holder following a default by the primary obligor, which could cause us to incur significant losses, and, when our obligations are secured, expose us to the risk that the holder may seek to foreclose on collateral pledged by us. We incur credit risk through loans, lines of credit, guarantees and backstop commitments issued to or on behalf of businesses and individuals, and other loans collateralized by a variety of assets, including securities. We have experienced credit losses and bear increased credit risk because we have made loans and commitments to borrowers or issuers engaged in emerging businesses or who lack access to conventional financing who, as a group, may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. For example, we have made loans to borrowers in the cryptocurrency industry and have incurred losses as cryptocurrency prices have declined and participants in the cryptocurrency industry have experienced liquidity issues and we expect to incur further losses in the event that the cryptocurrency market experiences further volatility or liquidity issues or further declines or fails to recover. Our credit risk and credit losses can further increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies. The deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics (like the COVID-19 pandemic), acts of terrorism or war, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional loan loss provisions and/or charges-offs, or credit impairment of our investments, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital. The amount and duration of our credit exposures have been increasing over the past year, as have the breadth and size of the entities to which we have credit exposures. We permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. During periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the purchaser’s indebtedness. If clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. This may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults. Although a substantial amount of our loans to counterparties are protected by holding security interests in the assets or equity interests of the borrower, we may not be able to fully realize the value of the collateral securing our loans due to one or more of the following factors: • Our loans may be unsecured, therefore our liens on the collateral, if any, are subordinated to those of the senior secured debt of the borrower, if any. As a result, we may not be able to control remedies with respect to the collateral. • The collateral may not be valuable enough to satisfy all of the obligations under our secured loan, particularly after giving effect to the repayment of secured debt of the borrower that ranks senior to our loan. • Bankruptcy laws may limit our ability to realize value from the collateral and may delay the realization process. • Our rights in the collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the collateral. • The need to obtain regulatory and contractual consents could impair or impede how effectively the collateral would be liquidated and could affect the value received. • Some or all of the collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. The liquidity and value of the collateral could be impaired as a result of changing economic conditions, competition, and other factors, including the availability of suitable buyers. 24 Table of Contents For example, in December 2023, the Company loaned $108.0 million to Conn’s which loan amount was subsequently reduced to $93.0 million due to principal repayments. The fair value of this loan receivable was $19.1 million at December 31, 2024 given that in July 2024, Conn’s and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded unrealized gains (losses) of $0.8 million and $(71.7) million, respectively, and additional cash payments of $19.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 with respects to this loan receivable. The fair value of this loan receivable was zero at December 31, 2025. In addition, on November 3, 2024, FRG, its operating businesses, and certain other affiliates, including Freedom VCM, filed the FRG Chapter 11 Cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. As a result, on November 4, 2024, we concluded that we were required to record an additional impairment with respect to the Freedom VCM Investment and the Vintage Loan Receivable. As a result of such additional impairment, we have ascribed no value to the Freedom VCM Investment as of December 31, 2024 and a value of $1.8 million to the Vintage Loan Receivable as of December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2024, non-cash impairments of the Freedom VCM Investment and the Vintage Loan Receivable were $221.0 million and $222.9 million, respectively. We have had and may experience write downs of our investments and other losses related to the valuation of our investments and volatile and illiquid market conditions. In our proprietary investment activities, our concentrated holdings, illiquidity and market volatility may make it difficult to value certain of our investment securities and/or to exit such investments. We have experienced, and may continue to experience in light of factors then prevailing, such as rising interest rates, general economic and market conditions, stock market volatility or changes in the financial condition of the applicable issuer, significant downward adjustments in subsequent valuations of securities on our balance sheet. In addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these securities, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these factors could require us to take write downs in the value of our investment and securities portfolio, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. Changes to consumer protection laws or changes in their interpretation may impede collection efforts or otherwise adversely impact us or the originator of our receivables. Federal and state consumer protection laws regulate the creation and enforcement of consumer receivables and other loans. Many of these laws (and the related regulations) are focused on non-prime lenders and are intended to prohibit or curtail industry-standard practices as well as non-standard practices. For instance, Congress enacted legislation that regulates loans to military personnel through imposing interest rate and other limitations and requiring new disclosures, all as regulated by the Department of Defense. Similarly, in 2009, Congress enacted legislation that required changes to a variety of marketing, billing, and collection practices, and the Federal Reserve adopted significant changes to a number of practices through its issuance of regulations. Badcock originated the transactions that underlie our receivables investments and any others we may make. Furthermore, we rely on Badcock to service our receivables portfolio. We depend on Badcock to comply with all applicable laws and regulations applicable to our receivables portfolio, and for Badcock to adapt to changing laws and regulations. Furthermore, if Badcock becomes unable or unwilling to continue to service our receivables portfolio, we will likely need to engage another third party to provide such services, which could cause us to incur unanticipated costs. Changes in the consumer protection laws could result in the following: • receivables not originated in compliance with law (or revised interpretations) could become unenforceable and uncollectible under their terms against the obligors; • the servicer may be required to credit or refund previously collected amounts, resulting in a reduction in amounts paid to us; • certain fees and finance charges could be limited, prohibited, or restricted, reducing the profitability of certain investments in receivables; • certain collection methods could be prohibited, forcing the parties that service our receivables portfolio to revise their practices or adopt more costly or less effective practices; 25 Table of Contents • limitations on the servicer’s ability to recover on charged-off receivables regardless of any act or omission on their or our part; • some credit products and services could be banned in certain states or at the federal level; • federal or state bankruptcy or debtor relief laws could offer additional protections to consumers seeking bankruptcy protection, providing a court greater leeway to reduce or discharge amounts owed; and • a reduction in our ability or willingness to invest in receivables arising under loans to certain consumers, such as military personnel. Risks Related to our Wealth Management Business Poor investment performance may decrease assets under management and reduce revenues from and the profitability of our asset management business. Revenues from our asset management business are primarily derived from asset management fees. Asset management fees are generally comprised of management and incentive fees. Management fees are typically based on assets under management, and incentive fees are earned on a quarterly or annual basis only if the return on our managed accounts exceeds a certain threshold return, or “highwater mark,” for each investor. We will not earn incentive fee income during a particular period, even when a fund had positive returns in that period, if we do not generate cumulative performance that surpasses a highwater mark. If a fund experiences losses, we will not earn incentive fees with regard to investors in that fund until its returns exceed the relevant highwater mark. In addition, investment performance is one of the most important factors in retaining existing investors and competing for new asset management business. Investment performance may be poor as a result of the current or future difficult market or economic conditions, including changes in interest rates or inflation, acts of war, aggression or terrorism, widespread outbreaks of disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or similar pandemics, or political uncertainty, our investment style, the particular investments that we make, and other factors. Poor investment performance may result in a decline in our revenues and income by causing (i) the net asset value of the assets under our management to decrease, which would result in lower management fees to us, (ii) lower investment returns, resulting in a reduction of incentive fee income to us, and (iii) investor redemptions, which would result in lower fees to us because we would have fewer assets under management. To the extent our future investment performance is perceived to be poor in either relative or absolute terms, the revenues and profitability of our asset management business will likely be reduced and our ability to grow existing funds and raise new funds in the future will likely be impaired. The historical returns of our funds may not be indicative of the future results of our funds. The historical returns of our funds should not be considered indicative of the future results that should be expected from such funds or from any future funds we may raise. Our rates of returns reflect unrealized gains, as of the applicable measurement date, which may never be realized due to changes in market and other conditions not in our control that may adversely affect the ultimate value realized from the investments in a fund. The returns of our funds may have also benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves, and there can be no assurance that our current or future funds will be able to avail themselves of profitable investment opportunities. Furthermore, the historical and potential future returns of the funds we manage also may not necessarily bear any relationship to potential returns on our common stock. We are subject to risks in using custodians. Our asset management subsidiary and its managed funds depend on the services of custodians to settle and report securities transactions. In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in whole or in part as they will rank among the custodian’s unsecured creditors in relation to assets which the custodian borrows, lends or otherwise uses. In addition, cash held by our funds with the custodian will not be segregated from the custodian’s own cash, and the funds will therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. 26 Table of Contents We manage debt investments that involve significant risks. We have and may invest in secured and unsecured debt issued by companies that have or may incur additional debt that is senior to the such debt. In the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of any such borrower, the owners of senior secured debt (i.e., the owners of first priority liens) generally will be entitled to receive proceeds from any realization of the secured collateral until they have been reimbursed. At such time, the owners of junior secured debt (including, in certain circumstances, the Company or an affiliate) will be entitled to receive proceeds from the realization of the collateral securing such debt. There can be no assurances that the proceeds, if any, from the sale of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by subordinate debt instruments. To the extent that the Company or an affiliate owns secured debt that is junior to other secured debt, the Company or such affiliate may lose the value of its entire investment in such debt. In addition, the Company may invest in loans that are secured by a second lien on assets. Second lien loans have been a developed market for a relatively short period of time, and there is limited historical data on the performance of second lien loans in adverse economic circumstances. In addition, second lien loan products are subject to intercreditor arrangements with the holders of first lien indebtedness, pursuant to which the second lien holders have waived many of the rights of a secured creditor, and some rights of unsecured creditors, including rights in bankruptcy, which can materially affect recoveries. While there is broad market acceptance of some second lien intercreditor terms, no clear market standard has developed for certain other material intercreditor terms for second lien loan products. This variation in key intercreditor terms may result in dissimilar recoveries across otherwise similarly situated second lien loans in insolvency or distressed situations. While uncertainty of recovery in an insolvency or distressed situation is inherent in all debt instruments, second lien loan products carry more risks than certain other debt products. Risks Related to our Communication Related Businesses (Lingo, magicJack, Marconi Wireless and/or UOL) Our marketing and customer retention efforts for our Lingo, magicJack and Marconi Wireless businesses may not be successful, or may become more expensive, either of which could increase our costs and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We rely on relationships with a wide variety of third parties, including Internet search providers such as Google, social networking platforms such as Facebook, Internet advertising networks, co-registration partners, retailers, distributors, television advertising agencies, direct marketers and channel partners, to source new customers and to promote or distribute our services and products for our Lingo, magicJack and Marconi Wireless businesses. In addition, in connection with the launch of new services or products for these communication businesses, we may spend a significant amount of resources on marketing or upfront commissions to channel partners. With any of our brands, services, and products, if our marketing activities are inefficient or unsuccessful, if important third-party relationships or marketing strategies, such as Internet search engine marketing and search engine optimization, become more expensive or unavailable, or are suspended, modified, or terminated, for any reason, if there is an increase in the proportion of consumers visiting our websites or purchasing our services and products by way of marketing channels with higher marketing costs as compared to channels that have lower or no associated marketing costs, or if our marketing efforts do not result in our services and products being prominently ranked in Internet search listings, or our partner commissions continue to increase, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted. Government regulations could adversely affect our communication-related businesses (Lingo, magicJack, Marconi Wireless and UOL) or force us to change our business practices. The services we provide are subject to varying degrees of international, federal, state and local laws and regulation, including, without limitation, those relating to taxation, bulk email or “spam,” advertising (including, without limitation, targeted or behavioral advertising), user privacy, robocalling, Caller ID spoofing, and data protection, consumer protection, antitrust, export, and unclaimed property. Compliance with such laws and regulations, which in many instances are unclear or unsettled, is complex. New laws and regulations, such as those being considered or recently enacted by certain states, the federal government, or international authorities related to automatic-renewal practices, spam, robocalling, spoofing, user privacy, targeted or behavioral advertising, and taxation/surcharges, could impact our revenues or certain of our business practices or those of our advertisers. Moreover, distribution partners or customers may require us, or we may otherwise deem it necessary or advisable, to alter our products to address actual or anticipated changes in the regulatory environment. Our inability to alter our products to address these requirements and any regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 27 Table of Contents The current regulatory environment for broadband telephone services is developing and therefore uncertain. The United States and other countries have begun to assert regulatory authority over broadband telephone service and are continuing to evaluate how broadband telephone service will be regulated in the future. Both the application of existing rules to us and our competitors and the effects of future regulatory developments are uncertain. Future legislative, judicial or other regulatory actions could have a negative effect on our business, which may involve significant compliance costs and require that we restructure our service offerings, exit certain markets, or increase our prices to recover our regulatory costs, any of which could cause our services to be less attractive to customers. Regulatory and governmental agencies may determine that we should be subject to rules applicable to certain broadband telephone service providers or seek to impose new or increased fees, taxes, and administrative burdens on broadband telephone service providers. We also may change our product and service offerings in a manner that subjects us to greater regulation and taxation. We are faced, and may continue to face, difficulty collecting such charges from our customers and/or carriers, and collecting such charges may cause us to incur legal fees. We may be unsuccessful in collecting all of the regulatory fees and/or surcharges owed to us. The imposition of any such additional regulatory fees, surcharges, taxes and regulations on VoIP and cloud communications services could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive pricing advantages. In the case of our magicJack business, we offer our magicJack products and services in other countries, and therefore could also be subject to regulatory risks in each such foreign jurisdiction, including the risk that regulations in some jurisdictions will prohibit us from providing our services cost-effectively, or at all, which could limit our growth. Currently, there are several countries where regulations prohibit us from offering service. In addition, because customers can use our services almost anywhere that a broadband Internet connection is available, including countries where providing broadband telephone service is illegal, the governments of those countries may attempt to assert jurisdiction over us. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions, expose us to significant liability and regulation and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. In the case of UOL, Broadband Internet access is currently classified by the FCC as an “information service.” While this classification means that broadband Internet access services are not subject to Universal Service Fund (“USF”) contributions, Congress or the FCC may expand the USF contribution obligations to include broadband Internet access services. If broadband Internet access providers become subject to USF contribution obligations, it would likely raise the effective cost of our services to customers, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction and have an adverse impact on the revenues and profitability of our UOL business. We are faced, and may continue to face, difficulty collecting regulatory fees and surcharges from our customers and/or carriers and collecting such charges may cause us to incur legal fees. We may be unsuccessful in collecting all the regulatory fees or surcharges owed to us. The imposition of any such additional regulatory fees, surcharges, taxes and regulations on our services could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive pricing advantages. Failure to remit regulatory fees, surcharges and taxes mandated by federal and state regulations; failure to maintain proper state tariffs and certifications; failure to comply with federal, state or local laws and regulations; failure to obtain and maintain required licenses, franchises and permits; imposition of burdensome license, franchise or permit requirements for us to operate in public rights-of-way; and imposition of new burdensome or adverse regulatory requirements could limit the types of services we provide or the terms on which we provide these services. We cannot predict the outcome of any ongoing legislative initiatives or administrative or judicial proceedings or their potential impact upon the communications and information technology industries generally or upon our communication-related businesses specifically. Any changes in the laws and regulations applicable to our communication-related businesses, the enactment of any additional laws or regulations, or the failure to comply with, or increased enforcement activity by regulators of, such laws and regulations, could significantly impact our services and products, our costs, or the manner in which we or our advertisers or partners conduct business, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and cause our business to suffer. 28 Table of Contents The FCC and some state PUCs require us to obtain prior approval of certain major merger and acquisition transactions, such as the acquisition of control of another telecommunications carrier. Delays in obtaining such approvals could affect our ability to close proposed transactions in a timely manner and could increase our costs and increase the risk of non-consummation of some transactions. Increases in credit card processing fees and high chargeback costs would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations, and an adverse change in, or the termination of, our relationship with any major credit card company would have a severe, negative impact on our communication-related businesses (Lingo, magicJack, Marconi Wireless and UOL). A significant number of our customers purchase our products and services through our websites and pay for our communications products and services using credit or debit cards. The major credit card companies, or the issuing banks, may increase the fees that they charge for transactions using their cards. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our products, or suffer a negative impact on our profitability, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have potential liability for chargebacks associated with the transactions we process, or that are processed on our behalf by merchants selling our services and/or products. If a customer returns his or her products at any time, or claims that our product was purchased fraudulently, the returned product is “charged back” in the case of magicJack, to magicJack or its bank, as applicable. If we or our sponsoring banks are unable to collect the chargeback from the merchant’s account, or, if the merchant refuses or is financially unable, due to bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse the merchant’s bank for the chargeback, we bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid. We are vulnerable to credit card fraud, as we sell communications products and services directly to customers through our website. Card fraud occurs when a customer uses a stolen card (or a stolen card number in a card-not-present-transaction) to purchase merchandise or services. In a traditional card-present transaction, if the merchant swipes the card, receives authorization for the transaction from the card issuing bank and verifies the signature on the back of the card against the paper receipt signed by the customer, the card issuing bank remains liable for any loss. In a fraudulent card-not-present transaction, even if the merchant or we receive authorization for the transaction, we or the merchant are liable for any loss arising from the transaction. Because sales made directly from our websites are card-not-present transactions, we are more vulnerable to customer fraud. We are also subject to acts of consumer fraud by customers that purchase our products and services and subsequently claim that such purchases were not made. In addition, as a result of high chargeback rates or other reasons beyond our control, the credit card companies or issuing bank may terminate their relationship with us, and there are no assurances that it will be able to enter into a new credit card processing agreement on similar terms, if at all. Upon a termination, if our credit card processor does not assist it in transitioning its business to another credit card processor, or if we were not able to obtain a new credit card processor, the negative impact on the liquidity of our communication-related businesses likely would be significant. The credit card processor may also prohibit us from billing discounts annually or for any other reason. Any increases in the credit card fees paid by our communication-related businesses could adversely affect our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our service rates to offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card, due to high chargebacks or otherwise, would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. For our Lingo, magicJack and UOL businesses, flaws in our technology and systems could cause delays or interruptions of service, damage our reputation, cause us to lose customers and limit our growth. Services of our Lingo, magicJack and UOL businesses could be disrupted by problems with our technology and systems, such as malfunctions in our software or other facilities and overloading of our servers. Our customers in these businesses could experience interruptions in the future as a result of these types of problems. Interruptions could in the future cause us to lose customers, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability in these businesses. In addition, because many of our systems and our customers’ ability to use our services are Internet-dependent, our services may be subject to “hacker attacks” from the Internet, which could have a significant impact on our systems and services, as well as our underlying providers’ systems and network. If service interruptions adversely affect the perceived reliability of our service, it may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers and our brand reputation and growth may suffer. 29 Table of Contents Our Lingo, Marconi Wireless and UOL businesses are dependent on the availability of telecommunications services and compatibility with third-party systems and products. Our Lingo, Marconi Wireless and UOL businesses substantially depend on the availability, capacity, affordability, reliability, and security of telecommunications networks operated by third parties. Only a limited number of telecommunications providers offer the network and data services we currently require for our services, and we purchase most of our telecommunications services from a few providers. Some of our telecommunications services are provided pursuant to short-term agreements that the providers can terminate or elect not to renew. In addition, some telecommunications providers may cease to offer network services for certain less populated areas, such as POTs, which would reduce the number of providers from which we may purchase services, and may entirely eliminate our ability to purchase services for certain areas. Lingo’s POTs services rely primarily on four major ILECs nationwide for these legacy services and, as copper lines and other infrastructure issues arise, the ILECs move forward with their intention to decommission the networks, subject in most cases to long lead times prior to any decommission. Upon decommission, Lingo works to convert its POTs customers to POTs alternative products and this conversion is typically successful. There is no guarantee these legacy networks will continue to be available nationwide, and we cannot predict with certainty our ability to convert all POTs customer to POTs alternative products. Any substantial impact on our ability to convert these customers to new products could negatively impact our revenue. Currently, consistent with mobile practice, the mobile network service of our Marconi Wireless business is purposely entirely dependent upon services acquired from one service provider. If such provider did not provide adequate notice in the event of a termination, we may experience a delay in obtaining a new agreement with a different telecommunications provider on acceptable terms, or if the provider abruptly discontinues its services, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Our dial-up Internet access services of our UOL business also rely on their compatibility with other third-party systems, products and features, including operating systems. Incompatibility with third-party systems and products could adversely affect our ability to deliver our services or a user’s ability to access our services and could also adversely impact the distribution channels for our services. Our dial-up Internet access services are dependent on dial-up modems and an increasing number of computer manufacturers, including certain manufacturers with whom we have distribution relationships, do not pre-load their new computers with dial-up modems, requiring the user to separately acquire a modem to access our services. We cannot assure you that, as the dial-up Internet access market declines and new technologies emerge, we will be able to continue to effectively distribute and deliver our services. Risks Related to Lingo Business Plain Old Telephone (“POTs”) services have been decommissioned in several rural areas, and this legacy technology may no longer be available in most major urban areas in the next five years, impacting our ability to service our residential and business customers. In addition to providing cloud/unified communications, the Lingo carriers are national Competitive Local Exchange Carriers (“CLECs”), and a significant portion of revenues consists of reselling POTs copper lines to its customers. Over the last several years, the Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers (“ILECs”), whose POTs services Lingo resells, have been decommissioning POTs lines in rural areas, and have increasingly provided notice that it will no longer take POTs orders in several other wire centers, which impacts Lingo’s ability to service its large enterprise POTs lines customers. Additionally, the ILECs have indicated they could potentially discontinue offering POTs services in the next five years and have recently filed applications with the FCC and state Public Utilities Commissions (“PUCs”) to discontinue its requirements to offer legacy POTs services. The pricing for POTs services has also seen dramatic increases year over year, and this may impact Lingo’s ability to bring on new POTs customers. This has also led to a higher-than-expected level of churn, and with the added difficulty in adding new POTs customers, could adversely affect Lingo’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Lingo has pushed existing POTs customers to POTs alternative solutions; however, these products may have a lower average revenue per customer (“ARPU”), which may affect Lingo’s top line revenues. The conversion of POTs lines to POTs alternative solutions may also cause Lingo to incur a higher CAPEX. 30 Table of Contents Lingo’s profitability mat be lower due to the decommissioning of POTs services and will rely on converting its POTs customer to POTs alternative products, as well as controlling the costs of these conversions. Risks Related to magicJack Business We rely on independent retailers to sell the magicJack devices, and disruption to these channels would harm our business. Because we sell magicJack devices, other devices and certain services to independent retailers, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for magicJack’s products. In particular, magicJack’s retailers may maintain significant levels of our products in their inventories. If retailers attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. The retailers who sell magicJack products also sell products offered by its competitors. If these competitors offer the retailers more favorable terms, those retailers may de-emphasize or decline to carry magicJack’s products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified retailers. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with retailers or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. To continue this method of sales, we will have to allocate resources to train vendors, systems integrators and business partners as to the use of our products, resulting in additional costs and additional time until sales by such vendors, systems integrators and business partners are made feasible. Our business depends to a certain extent upon the success of such channels and the broad market acceptance of our products. To the extent that our channels are unsuccessful in selling our products, our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. If magicJack fails to maintain relationships with these channels, fails to develop new channels, fails to effectively manage, train, or provide incentives to existing channels or if these channels are not successful in their sales efforts, sales of magicJack’s products may decrease and our operating results would suffer. The success of our business relies on customers’ continued and unimpeded access to broadband service. Providers of broadband services may be able to block our services or charge their customers more for also using our services, which could adversely affect our revenue and growth. Our customers must have broadband access to the Internet in order to use some of our services. Providers of broadband access, some of whom are also competing providers of broadband voice services, may take measures that affect their customers’ ability to use our service, such as degrading the quality of the data packets they transmit over their lines, giving those packets low priority, giving other packets higher priority than ours, blocking our packets entirely or attempting to charge their customers more for also using our services. In December 2017, the FCC rescinded rules that, among other things, prohibited broadband Internet access providers from blocking, throttling, or otherwise degrading the quality of data packets, or attempting to extract additional fees from edge service providers. In October 2019, the D.C. Circuit largely upheld the FCC decision. Although some states, most notably California, have adopted prohibitions similar to those rescinded by the FCC, if broadband providers block, throttle or otherwise degrade the quality of our data packets or attempt to extract additional fees from us or our customers, it could adversely impact our business. Risks Related to UOL Business Dial-up and DSL pay accounts may decline faster than expected and adversely impact our business. A significant portion of UOL’s revenues and profits come from dial-up Internet and DSL access services and related services and advertising revenues. UOL’s dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts and revenues have been declining and are expected to continue to decline due to the continued maturation of the market for dial-up and DSL Internet access, competitive pressures in the industry and limited sales efforts. Consumers continue to migrate to broadband access, primarily due to the faster connection and download speeds provided by broadband access. Advanced applications such as online gaming, music downloads and videos require greater bandwidth for optimal performance, which adds to the demand 31 Table of Contents for broadband access. The pricing for basic broadband services has been declining as well, making it a more viable option for consumers. In addition, the popularity of accessing the Internet through tablets and mobile devices has been growing and may accelerate the migration of consumers away from dial-up Internet access. The number of dial-up Internet access pay accounts has been adversely impacted by both a decrease in the number of new pay accounts signing up for UOL’s services, as well as the impact of subscribers canceling their accounts, which we refer to as “churn.” Churn has increased from time to time and may increase in the future. If we experience a higher-than-expected level of churn, it will make it more difficult for us to increase or maintain the number of pay accounts, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We expect UOL’s dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts to continue to decline. As a result, related services revenues and the profitability of this segment may decline. The rate of decline in these revenues may continue to accelerate. We may not be able to consistently make a high level of expense reductions in the future. Continued declines in revenues relating to the UOL business, particularly if such declines accelerate, will materially and adversely impact the profitability of this business. Risks Related to Our Consumer Products Segment If Targus fails to innovate and develop new products in a timely and cost-effective manner for its new and existing product categories, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Targus product categories are characterized by short product life cycles, intense competition, frequent new product introductions, rapidly changing technology, dynamic consumer demand, seasonality and evolving industry standards. As a result, we must continually innovate in our new and existing product categories, introduce new products and technologies, and enhance existing products in order to remain competitive. The success of our product portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to: • Identify new features, functionality and opportunities; • Anticipate technology, market trends and consumer preferences; • Develop innovative, high-quality, and reliable new products and enhancements in a cost-effective and timely manner; • Distinguish our products from those of our competitors; and • Offer our products at prices and on terms that are attractive to our customers and consumers. If we do not execute on these factors successfully, products that we introduce or technologies or standards that we adopt may not gain widespread commercial acceptance, and our business and operating results could suffer. In addition, if we do not continue to differentiate our products through distinctive, technologically advanced features, designs, and services that are appealing to our customers and consumers, as well as continue to build and strengthen our brand recognition and our access to distribution channels, our business could be adversely affected. Our products are also impacted by seasonality with demand concentrated around back-to-school and holiday periods. Inflationary pressures, employment trends and enterprise IT budget timing can amplify volatility, impacting forecasting accuracy, production planning and inventory management. The development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation, as well as intellectual property protection and enforcement. The development process also can be lengthy and costly. There are significant initial expenditures for research and development, tooling, manufacturing processes, inventory, and marketing, and we may not be able to recover those investments. If we fail to accurately anticipate technological trends or our users’ needs or preferences, are unable to complete the development of products and services in a cost-effective and timely fashion, or are unable to appropriately increase production to fulfill customer demand, we will be unable to successfully introduce new products and services into the market or compete with other providers. Even if we complete the development of our new products and services in a cost-effective and timely manner, they may not be competitive with 32 Table of Contents products developed by others, they may not achieve acceptance in the market at anticipated levels or at all, they may not be profitable or, even if they are profitable, they may not achieve margins as high as our expectations or as high as the margins we have achieved historically. As we introduce new or enhanced products, integrate new technology into new or existing products, or reduce the overall number of products offered, we face risks including, among other things, disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, excessive levels of new and existing product inventories, revenue deterioration in our existing product lines, insufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demand, possible product and technology defects, and a potentially different sales and support environment. Premature announcements or leaks of new products, features or technologies may exacerbate some of these risks by reducing the effectiveness of our product launches, reducing sales volumes of current products due to anticipated future products, making it more difficult to compete, shortening the period of differentiation based on our product innovation, straining relationships with our partners or increasing market expectations for the results of our new products before we have had an opportunity to demonstrate the market viability of the products. Our failure to manage the transition to new products and services or the integration of new technology into new or existing products and services could adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. We rely on third parties to manufacture, sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. Targus primarily sells products to a network of distributors, retailers and e-tailers (together with our direct sales channel partners). We are dependent on those direct sales channel partners to distribute and sell our products to indirect sales channel partners and ultimately to consumers. The sales and business practices of all such sales channel partners, their compliance with laws and regulations, and their reputations (of which we may or may not be aware) may affect our business and our reputation. Also, adverse changes in these partners’ purchasing policies, returns and promotional practices, marketplace rules or financial condition could materially affect our sell-through, inventory turns and gross margins. Our sales channel partners also sell products offered by our competitors, and in the case of retailer house brands and original equipment manufacturers, may also be our competitors. If product competitors offer our sales channel partners more favorable terms, have more products available to meet their needs, or utilize the leverage of broader product lines sold through the channel, or if our sales channel partners show preference for their own house brands, our sales channel partners may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In addition, certain of our sales channel partners could decide to de-emphasize the product categories that we offer in exchange for other product categories that they believe provide them with higher returns. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with these sales channel partners or to maintain our distribution channels, our business will suffer. As we expand into new product categories and markets in pursuit of growth, we will have to build relationships with new channel partners and adapt to new distribution and marketing models. These new partners, practices, and models may require significant management attention and operational resources and may affect our accounting, including revenue recognition, gross margins, and the ability to make comparisons from period to period. Entrenched and more experienced competitors will make these transitions difficult. If we are unable to build successful distribution channels or successfully market our products in these new product categories, we may not be able to take advantage of the growth opportunities, and our business and our ability to grow our business could be adversely affected. We reserve for cooperative marketing arrangements, incentive programs, and pricing programs with our sales channel partners. These reserves are based on judgments and estimates, using historical experience rates, inventory levels in distribution, current trends, and other factors. There could be significant differences between the actual costs of such arrangements and programs and our estimates. We use sell-through data, which represents sales of our products by our direct retailer and e-tailer customers to consumers, and by our distributor customers to their customers, along with other metrics, to assess consumer demand for our products. Sell-through data is subject to limitations due to collection methods and the third-party nature of the data and thus may not be an accurate indicator of actual consumer demand for our products. The customers supplying sell-through data vary by geographic region and from period to period, but typically represent a majority of our retail sales. In addition, we rely on channel inventory data from our sales channel partners. If we do not receive this information on a timely and accurate basis, if this information is not accurate, or if we do not properly interpret this information, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 33 Table of Contents We also rely on third-party manufacturing and logistics providers. Capacity constraints, quality escapes, labor shortages, geopolitical disruptions or increases in freight and material costs can adversely affect supply continuity, product quality and profitability. Rapid changes to USB‑C power delivery specifications, operating system updates, and the introduction of new high‑speed interfaces (such as Thunderbolt™ 5) require certification and controller availability. Delays or shortages in required silicon, firmware incompatibilities, and host OEM variability may increase returns, warranty costs, and time‑to‑market risk. Targus’ business is heavily reliant on the general demand for IT and personal computer-related devices. Targus’ business of selling products that relate primarily to the computer accessory markets makes our business performance sensitive to the general demand for IT and personal computer-related devices. As such, declines in the overall demand for personal computers and tablet devices can directly impact the demand for our accessory products as often our products are sold as an attachment to the original equipment manufacturer device that is being sold. The Company performs interim and year end impairment assessments of goodwill and intangible assets utilizing qualitative and quantitative analyses surrounding Targus’ financial performance, market conditions in which it operates in, and other financial and non-financial factors. As a result of these assessments, the Company has recognized aggregate impairments to goodwill and intangible assets of $1.5 million and $31.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Risks Related to Competition We operate in highly competitive industries. Some of our competitors may have certain competitive advantages, which may cause us to be unable to effectively compete with or gain market share from our competitors. We face competition with respect to all of our service and product areas. The level of competition depends on the particular service or product area. Some of our competitors may be able to devote greater financial resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, secure merchandise from sellers on more favorable terms, adopt more aggressive pricing or inventory availability policies and devote more resources to website and systems development than we are able to do. Any inability on our part to effectively compete could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, growth potential and results of operations. We compete with specialized investment banks to provide financial and investment banking services to small and middle-market companies. Middle-market investment banks provide access to capital and strategic advice to small and middle-market companies in our target industries. We compete with those investment banks on the basis of a number of factors, including client relationships, reputation, the abilities of our professionals, transaction execution, innovation, price, market focus and the relative quality of our products and services. We have experienced intense competition over obtaining advisory mandates in recent years, and we may experience pricing pressures in our investment banking business in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain increased market share by reducing fees. Competition in the middle-market may further intensify if larger Wall Street investment banks expand their focus to this sector of the market. Increased competition could reduce our market share from investment banking services and our ability to generate fees at historical levels. We also face increased competition due to a trend toward consolidation. In recent years, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. This trend was amplified in connection with the unprecedented disruption and volatility in the financial markets during the past several years, and, as a result, a number of financial services companies have merged, been acquired or have fundamentally changed their respective business models. Many of these firms may have the ability to support investment banking, including financial advisory services, with commercial banking, insurance and other financial services in an effort to gain market share, which could result in pricing pressure in our businesses. The businesses in our four communication-related segments compete with numerous communications providers, many of whom are large and have significantly more financial and marketing resources. The principal competitors for UOL’s mobile broadband and DSL services include, among others, local exchange carriers, wireless and satellite service providers, and cable service providers. 34 Table of Contents magicJack and Lingo (including Lingo’s subsidiary, BullsEye) compete with the traditional telephone service providers, which provide telephone service using the public switched telephone network. Certain of these traditional providers have also added, or are planning to add, broadband telephone services to their existing telephone and broadband offerings. We also face, or expect to face, competition from cable companies, which offer broadband telephone services to their existing cable television and broadband offerings. Further, wireless providers offer services that some customers may prefer over wireline-based service. In the future, as wireless companies offer more minutes at lower prices, their services may become more attractive to customers as a replacement for broadband or wireline-based phone service. We face competition on magicJack device sales from manufacturers of smart phones, tablets and other handheld wireless devices. Also, we compete against established alternative voice communication providers, and may face competition from other large, well-capitalized Internet companies. In addition, we compete with independent broadband telephone service providers. Our Consumer Products segment competes with companies that make consumer retail products and/or own other brands and trademarks. Targus operates in an intensely competitive marketplace along with many other makers of consumer and enterprise productivity products. Competitors to our Consumer Products segment may be able to respond more quickly to changes in retailer, wholesaler and consumer preferences and devote greater resources to brand acquisition, development and marketing. In addition, our competitors may be larger, more diversified, better funded, and have access to more advanced technology, including artificial intelligence (“AI”). These competitive advantages may enable our competition to innovate better and more quickly, to compete more effectively on quality and price, causing us to lose business and profitability. Burgeoning interest in AI may increase our competition and disrupt our business model. AI may lower barriers to entry in our industry and we may be unable to effectively compete with the products or services offered by new competitors. AI-related changes to the products and services on offer may affect our customers’ expectations, requirements, or tastes in ways we cannot adequately anticipate or adapt to, causing our business to lose sales, market share, or the ability to operate profitably and sustainably. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to compete successfully in our industry. Our future success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of senior management and the ability to attract and retain other highly qualified management personnel. We face competition for management from other companies and organizations; therefore, we may not be able to retain our existing personnel or fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover at existing compensation levels. Although we have entered into employment agreements with key members of the senior management team, there can be no assurances such key individuals will remain with us. Recently, we have failed to retain the services of certain key personnel which may adversely affect our business and prospects. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key management personnel would disrupt our operations and divert the time and attention of our remaining officers and management personnel which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and potential for growth. We also face competition for highly skilled employees with experience in the industries in which we operate, and some of which requires a unique knowledge base. We may be unable to recruit or retain existing technical, sales and client support personnel that are critical to our ability to execute our business plan, with such difficulties exacerbated by the labor shortages that arose during the COVID-19 pandemic and persist throughout the economy. Risks Related to Data Security and Intellectual Property Significant disruptions of information technology systems, breaches of data security, cyberattacks, or unauthorized disclosures of sensitive data or personally identifiable information could adversely affect our business, and could subject us to liability or reputational damage. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology (“IT”) systems, including Internet-based systems, some of which are managed or hosted by third parties, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our IT systems make us vulnerable to, and we have experienced, IT system breakdowns, malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may result in the impairment of our ability to operate our business effectively. 35 Table of Contents In addition, our systems and the systems of our third-party providers and collaborators are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons or to the public. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including personally identifiable information) of our employees, customers, business partners, and others. In addition, the increased use of social media by our employees and contractors could result in inadvertent disclosure of sensitive data or personal information, including but not limited to, confidential information, trade secrets and other intellectual property. As previously disclosed, in April 2024, we experienced a cybersecurity incident that resulted in temporary interruption of certain Targus operations. Although we do not believe the incident material affected our financial condition at the time, future events could be more severe. Our risk is heightened by reliance on global networks and third-party providers, integration of manufacturing systems and logistics partners, and evolving regulatory disclosure requirements. Any such disruption or security breach, as well as any action by us or our employees or contractors that might be inconsistent with the rapidly evolving data privacy and security laws and regulations applicable within the United States and elsewhere where we conduct business, could result in enforcement actions by U.S. states, the U.S. Federal government or foreign governments, liability or sanctions under data privacy laws that protect personally identifiable information, regulatory penalties, other legal proceedings such as but not limited to private litigation, the incurrence of significant remediation costs, disruptions to our development programs, business operations and collaborations, diversion of management efforts and damage to our reputation, which could harm our business and operations. Because of the rapidly moving nature of technology and the increasing sophistication of cybersecurity threats, our measures to prevent, respond to and minimize such risks may be unsuccessful. In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted a comprehensive general data privacy regulation (“GDPR”) in 2016 that took effect in 2018 and governs the collection and use of personal data in the European Union. The GDPR, which is wide-ranging in scope, imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification requirements and the use of third party processors in connection with the processing of the personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union to the United States, enhances enforcement authority and imposes large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for fines of up to €20 million, or 4%, of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) effective since January 1, 2020 applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in California and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. The CCPA established new requirements regarding handling of personal data to entities serving or employing California residents, and gave consumers the right to request disclosure of information collected about them, and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions), the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information, and the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. Such rights were expanded under the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) which went into effect on January 1, 2023. In addition, similar laws have and may be adopted by other states where the Company does business. The impact of the CCPA and other state privacy laws on the Company’s business is yet to be determined. We may be unsuccessful in protecting our proprietary rights or may have to defend ourselves against claims of infringement, which could impair or significantly affect our business. Our future success depends in part on our proprietary technology, technical know-how, and other intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws, and confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions such as nondisclosure terms and licenses, to protect our intellectual property. We hold various United States patents and pending applications, together with corresponding patents and pending applications from other countries. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate and our competitors may independently develop technology that is similar to ours. Legal protections afford only limited protection for our technology. The laws of many countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties have in the past attempted, and may in the future attempt, to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that it regards as proprietary. Third parties may also design around our proprietary rights, which may render our protected products less valuable if the design around is favorably received in 36 Table of Contents the marketplace. In addition, if any our products or the technology underlying our products is covered by third-party patents or other intellectual property rights, we could be subject to various legal actions. We cannot assure you that our products do not infringe intellectual property rights held by others or that they will not in the future. Third parties may assert infringement, misappropriation, or breach of license claims against us from time to time. Such claims could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes or the production or sale of major products. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, misappropriation, or other claims. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. Moreover, any settlement of or adverse judgment resulting from such litigation could require us to obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. Any required licenses may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we attempt to design around the technology at issue or to find another provider of suitable alternative technology to permit it to continue offering applicable software or product solutions, our continued supply of software or product solutions could be disrupted or our introduction of new or enhanced software or products could be significantly delayed. Risks Related to our Securities and Ownership Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control and could also limit the market price of our stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, as amended, contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be authorized to issue from time to time, without further stockholder approval, up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix or alter the designations, preferences, rights and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the shares of each series, including the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, rights of redemption, including sinking fund provisions, redemption price or prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or designations of any series. Such shares of preferred stock could have preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation rights. We may issue additional preferred stock in ways which may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company without further action by our stockholders. Such shares of preferred stock may be issued with voting rights that may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock by increasing the number of outstanding shares having voting rights, and by the creation of class or series voting rights. We are also governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. The foregoing and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, as amended, and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors, including delaying or impeding a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest or other change of control transaction involving our company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could prevent the consummation of a transaction in which our stockholders could receive a substantial premium over the then current market price for their shares. Because of their significant stock ownership, some of our existing stockholders will be able to exert control over us and our significant corporate decisions. Our executive officers, directors and their affiliates own or control, in the aggregate, approximately 25.4% of our outstanding common stock as of March 27, 2026. In particular, our Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, Bryant R. Riley, owns or controls, in the aggregate, 6,914,063 shares of our common stock, or 19.7%, of our outstanding common stock as of March 27, 2026. These stockholders are able to exercise influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, such as the election of directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including transactions involving an actual or potential change of control of the company or other transactions that noncontrolling stockholders may not deem to be in their best interests. This concentration of ownership may harm the market price of our common stock by, among other things: • delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our Company; 37 Table of Contents • impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover, or other business combination involving our company; • causing us to enter into transactions or agreements that are not in the best interests of all stockholders; or • discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. Our common stock price may fluctuate substantially, and your investment could suffer a decline in value. The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could fluctuate substantially due to many factors, including, among other things: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; • announcements of significant contracts and transactions by us or our competitors; • sale of common stock or other securities in the future; • the trading volume of our common stock; • changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors; and • general economic conditions In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. There has been recent dilution and there may continue to be additional future dilution of our Common Stock, including as a result of the Company’s recent Section 3(a)(9) exchanges and potential future exchanges, which could adversely affect the market price of shares of our Common Stock. In February and March 2026, the Company executed several Section 3(a)(9) exchanges whereby they exchanged outstanding units of various series of senior notes for shares of the Company’s Common Stock in an effort to decrease the Company’s outstanding indebtedness. As a result of these Section 3(a)(9) exchanges, the outstanding shares of our Common Stock increased by 4,553,866 shares. We may issue additional shares of Common Stock in similar Section 3(a)(9) exchanges or other capital raising transactions to further pay down the Company’s outstanding indebtedness. Additional issuances will dilute the ownership interest of our common stockholders. Investors who purchase our shares will likely pay different prices, and so may experience different outcomes in their investment results. Investors may experience declines in the value of their shares as a result of share sales made at prices lower than the prices they paid. In addition, future issuances of Common Stock could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital. We cannot predict the effect that future issuances of our common stock would have on the market price of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock, Depositary Shares and publicly traded senior notes are subject to volatility. Trading of our common stock, Depositary Shares and publicly traded senior notes has in the past been highly volatile and the market price of shares of our common stock could continue to fluctuate substantially. Additionally, if we are not able to maintain our listing on Nasdaq, then our common stock will be quoted for trading on an over-the-counter quotation system and may be subject to more significant fluctuations in stock price and trading volume and large bid and ask price spreads. Our Depositary Shares and publicly traded senior notes may be delisted which would trigger certain rights of holders under the agreements governing our Depositary Shares and publicly traded senior notes. See “

