TICKER: RITM
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, the lingering effect of fiscal stimulus, and the war in Ukraine—the Federal Reserve rapidly raised interest rates. The Federal Reserve continued to steadily increase interest rates through July 2023, holding interest rates steady through the remainder of 2023. In 2024, the Federal Reserve made three rate cuts, reducing the benchmark rate by a full percentage point, and, in 2025, the Federal Reserve made an additional three rate cuts, reducing the benchmark rate by 75 basis points (“bps”). Higher interest rates have resulted, and may in the future result, in increased interest expense on our outstanding variable rate and future variable and fixed-rate debt, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions. In addition, in the event of a significant rising interest rate environment and/or economic downturn, loan origination volume may decrease and negatively impact our operating results. Additionally, loan and collateral defaults may increase and result in credit losses that would adversely affect our liquidity and operating results. Our ability to execute our business strategy, particularly the growth of our investment portfolio, depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain additional capital. Our financing strategy is mainly dependent on our ability to place the debt we use to finance our investments at rates that provide a positive net spread. If spreads for such liabilities widen or if demand for such liabilities ceases to exist, then our ability to execute future financings will be severely restricted. Interest rate changes may also impact our net book value as most of our investments are marked-to-market each quarter. Debt obligations are not marked-to-market. Generally, if interest rates increase, the value of our fixed-rate securities decreases, which will decrease the book value of our equity. Furthermore, shifts in the U.S. Treasury yield curve reflecting an increase in interest rates would also affect the yield required on our investments and therefore their value. For example, increasing interest rates would reduce the value of the fixed-rate assets we hold at the time because the higher yields required by increased interest rates result in lower market prices on existing fixed-rate assets in order to adjust the yield upward to meet the market and vice versa. This would have similar effects on our real estate and other securities and loan portfolio and our financial position and operations to a change in interest rates generally. A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession, sustained inflationary pressures or declining real estate values could harm our operations. A prolonged economic slowdown could adversely affect our operations due to unstable or unpredictable market conditions, including rising inflation, increased interest rates and higher operating and financing costs. Additionally, we believe the risks associated with our business are more severe during periods in which an economic slowdown or recession is accompanied by declining real estate values and/or inflationary pressures. Declining real estate values generally reduce the level of new mortgage loan originations, since borrowers often use increases in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase of, or investment in, additional properties. Borrowers may also be less able to pay principal and interest on our loans or the loans underlying our securities, interests in MSRs and servicer advances, in a weakening real estate economy. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our investments in the event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover our basis. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect our net interest income from the assets in our portfolio, which would significantly harm our revenues, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, business prospects and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Additionally, as a global alternative asset manager, we seek to generate consistent, positive, absolute returns across all market cycles for the investors in our funds. Our ability to do this has been, and in the future may be, materially impacted by conditions in the global credit or equity financial markets and economic and geopolitical conditions worldwide. Unpredictable or unstable market, economic or geopolitical conditions have resulted and may in the future result in reduced opportunities to find suitable risk-adjusted investments to deploy capital and make it more difficult to exit and realize value from our existing investments, which could materially adversely affect our ability to raise new funds and increase our AUM and, therefore, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 45 Maintenance of our 1940 Act exclusion imposes limits on our operations. We intend to continue to conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. We believe we will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act because we will not engage primarily, or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. However, under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act, because we are a holding company that will conduct its businesses primarily through wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, the securities issued by our subsidiaries that are excluded from the definition of “investment company” under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a combined value in excess of 40% of the value of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, unless another exclusion from the definition of “investment company” is available to us. For purposes of the foregoing, we currently treat our interests in SLS servicer advances and our subsidiaries that hold consumer loans as investment securities because these subsidiaries presently rely on the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. The 40% test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act limits the types of businesses in which we may engage through our subsidiaries. In addition, the assets we and our subsidiaries may originate or acquire are limited by the provisions of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under the 1940 Act, which may adversely affect our business. If the value of securities issued by our subsidiaries that are excluded from the definition of “investment company” by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we own, exceeds the 40% test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act (e.g., the value of our interests in the TRSs that hold servicer advance investments and are not excluded from the definition of “investment company” by Section 3(c)(5)(A), (B) or (C) of the 1940 Act increases significantly in proportion to the value of our other assets), or if one or more of such subsidiaries fail to maintain an exclusion or exception from the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required either to (a) change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (b) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so, or (c) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock, the sustainability of our business model and our ability to make distributions. If we or any of our subsidiaries were required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act, the registered entity would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to capital structure (including the ability to use leverage), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), portfolio composition, including restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations. Failure to maintain an exclusion would require us to significantly restructure our investment strategy. For example, because affiliate transactions are generally prohibited under the 1940 Act, we would not be able to enter into transactions with any of our affiliates if we are required to register as an investment company. If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. For purposes of the foregoing, we treat our interests in certain of our wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, which constitute more than 60% of the value of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis, as non-investment securities because such subsidiaries qualify for exclusion from the definition of an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act. The Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion is available for entities “primarily engaged” in the business of “purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate.” The Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion generally requires that at least 55% of these subsidiaries’ assets must comprise qualifying real estate assets and at least 80% of each of their portfolios must comprise qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets under the 1940 Act. We expect each of our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to rely on guidance published by the SEC staff or on our analyses of such guidance to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. However, the SEC’s guidance was issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations each of our subsidiaries may face, and much of the guidance was issued more than 20 years ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC staff will concur with the classification of each of our subsidiaries’ assets. In addition, the SEC staff may, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us to re-classify some of our subsidiaries’ assets for the purpose of qualifying for an exclusion from regulation under the 1940 Act. For example, the SEC and its staff have not published guidance with respect to the treatment of whole pool non-Agency securities for purposes of the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. Accordingly, based on our own judgment and analysis of the guidance from the SEC and its staff identifying Agency whole pool certificates as qualifying real estate assets under Section 3(c)(5)(C), we treat whole pool non-Agency securities issued with respect to an underlying pool of mortgage loans in which our subsidiary relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) holds all of the certificates issued by the pool as qualifying real estate assets. Based on our own judgment and analysis of the guidance from the SEC and its staff with respect to analogous assets, we treat Excess MSRs for which we do not own the related servicing rights as real estate-related assets for purposes of satisfying the 80% test under the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. If we are required to re-classify any of our 46 subsidiaries’ assets, including those subsidiaries holding whole pool non-Agency securities and/or Excess MSRs, such subsidiaries may no longer be in compliance with the exclusion from the definition of an “investment company” provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, and in turn, we may not satisfy the requirements to avoid falling within the definition of an “investment company” provided by Section 3(a)(1)(C). To the extent that the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance or disagrees with our analysis with respect to any assets of our subsidiaries we have determined to be qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make certain investments and these limitations could result in a subsidiary holding assets we might wish to sell or selling assets we might wish to hold. Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or our exclusion from the 1940 Act. If the market value or income potential of qualifying assets for purposes of our qualification as a REIT or our exclusion from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act declines as a result of increased interest rates, changes in prepayment rates or other factors, or the market value or income from non-qualifying assets increases, we may need to increase our investments in qualifying assets and/or liquidate our non-qualifying assets to maintain our REIT qualification or our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. If the change in market values or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of any non-qualifying assets we may own. We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent the intent to maintain our qualification as a REIT and exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. Certain of our subsidiaries are registered as investment advisers under the Advisers Act, which could impose limits on our operations. Additionally, our investment advisory business is subject to additional significant regulatory oversight, which could impose limits on our operations. While Rithm Capital is currently not registered, or required to register, as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, certain of our subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, Sculptor, Crestline and the Rithm Advisers, are registered as investment advisers and other subsidiaries may be required to register as such in the future, which subjects us to extensive regulation as an investment adviser and could adversely affect our ability to manage our business. Our subsidiaries registered as investment advisers under the Advisers Act are subject to, and if we register as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, we will become subject to, various requirements under the Advisers Act such as fiduciary duties to clients, anti-fraud provisions, substantive prohibitions and requirements, contractual and record-keeping requirements and administrative oversight by the SEC (primarily by inspection). In addition, our subsidiaries registered as investment advisers under the Advisers Act must, and if we register as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, we will be required to, continually address potential conflicts between our interests and those of our clients. Although we have established certain policies and procedures designed to mitigate conflicts of interest, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be effective in doing so. It is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest could give rise to investor dissatisfaction, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. If we, or our subsidiaries registered as investment advisers under the Advisers Act, are deemed to be out of compliance with any such rules and regulations, we may be subject to civil liability, criminal liability and/or regulatory sanctions. The regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over our investment advisory business, such as the SEC, the CFTC, the FCA and the SFC, have the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on our investment advisory business and the authority to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings. Such investigations and administrative proceedings can result in fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of an investment adviser from registration or memberships. For example, a failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the Exchange Act or Advisers Act, including recordkeeping, advertising and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities, or a failure to maintain our Client Accounts’ exemption from compliance with the 1940 Act could result in investigations, sanctions and reputational damage, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our Client Accounts are involved regularly in trading activities that implicate a broad number of U.S. and foreign securities law regimes, including laws governing trading on inside information, market manipulation, anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), and a broad number of technical trading requirements that implicate fundamental market regulation policies. Even if an investigation or proceeding does not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or to fail to gain new investors. Furthermore, the legal, technology and other costs associated with regulatory investigations could increase to such a level that they could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 47 These global financial services regulators affect us not only with their regulations, but also with their examination, inspection and enforcement functions. We are routinely subject to examination and inspection and, although we make reasonable efforts to maintain effective compliance programs, there can be no assurances that any such inquiry would not result in a finding or sanction that would adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Likewise, enforcement investigations and administrative inquiries can be sweeping in nature. Cooperating with these investigations, as is our practice, can be expensive and time-consuming and could distract us from our business operations. In particular, U.S. regulators routinely investigate potentially serious matters, such as possible insider trading, market manipulation, misleading disclosure, conflicts of interest, fraud and foreign corruption, including under the FCPA; lesser potential violations, such as books and records inaccuracies and weaknesses in internal controls; and compliance with general reporting and advertising regulations. Enforcement actions and administrative proceedings can result in fines, or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of a cease-and-desist order, suspension or expulsion of persons or firms from the industry. Such sanctions can harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or fail to gain new investors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and related fines and settlements. Our subsidiaries that perform mortgage lending and servicing activities are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities, and our subsidiaries’ business results may be significantly impacted by the existing and future laws and regulations to which they are subject. If our subsidiaries performing mortgage lending and servicing activities fail to operate in compliance with both existing and future statutory, regulatory and other requirements, our business, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our subsidiaries that perform mortgage lending and servicing activities are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities, including the CFPB, the FTC, HUD, VA, the SEC and various state agencies that license, audit, investigate and conduct examinations of such subsidiaries’ mortgage servicing, origination, debt collection and other activities. In the current regulatory environment, the policies, laws, rules and regulations applicable to our subsidiaries’ mortgage origination and servicing businesses have been rapidly evolving. Federal, state or local governmental authorities may continue to enact laws, rules or regulations that will result in changes in our and our subsidiaries’ business practices and may materially increase the costs of compliance. We are unable to predict whether any such changes will adversely affect our business. We and our subsidiaries must comply with a large number of federal, state and local consumer protection laws including, among others, the Dodd-Frank Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Homeowners Protection Act, the FTCA, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, as well as individual state licensing, privacy, and foreclosure laws and federal and local bankruptcy rules. These statutes apply to many facets of our subsidiaries’ businesses, including loan origination, default servicing and collections, use of credit reports, safeguarding of non-public personally identifiable information about customers, foreclosure and claims handling, investment of and interest payments on escrow balances and escrow payment features and such statutes mandate certain disclosures and notices to borrowers. These requirements can and will change as statutes and regulations are enacted, promulgated, amended, interpreted and enforced. In addition, the GSEs, Ginnie Mae and other business counterparties subject our subsidiaries’ mortgage origination and servicing businesses to periodic examinations, reviews and audits, and we routinely conduct our own internal examinations, reviews and audits. These various examinations, reviews and audits of our subsidiaries’ businesses and related activities may reveal deficiencies in such subsidiaries’ compliance with our policies and other requirements to which they are subject. There can be no assurance that our internal investigations will reveal any deficiencies or that any remedial measures that we implement, which could involve material expense, will ensure compliance with applicable policies, laws, regulations and other requirements or be deemed sufficient by the GSEs, Ginnie Mae, federal and local governmental authorities or other interested parties. We and our subsidiaries devote substantial resources to regulatory compliance and regulatory inquiries, and we incur, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs in connection therewith. Our business, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the substantial resources we devote to, and the significant compliance costs we incur in connection with, regulatory compliance and regulatory inquiries, including any fines, penalties, restitution or similar payments or changes to business practices we may be required to make in connection with resolving such matters. 48 The actual or alleged failure of our mortgage origination and servicing subsidiaries to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations and GSE, Ginnie Mae and other business counterparty requirements, or to implement and adhere to adequate remedial measures designed to address any identified compliance deficiencies, could lead to: • the loss or suspension of licenses and approvals necessary to operate our or our subsidiaries’ business; • limitations, restrictions or complete bans on our or our subsidiaries’ business or various segments of our business; • our or our subsidiaries’ disqualification from participation in governmental programs, including GSE, Ginnie Mae and VA programs; • breaches of covenants and representations under our servicing, debt, or other agreements; • negative publicity and damage to our reputation; • governmental investigations and enforcement actions; • administrative fines and financial penalties; • litigation, including class action lawsuits; • civil and criminal liability; • termination of our servicing and subservicing agreements or other contracts; • demands for us to repurchase loans; • loss of personnel who are targeted by prosecutions, investigations, enforcement actions or litigation; • a significant increase in compliance costs; • a significant increase in the resources we and our subsidiaries devote to regulatory compliance and regulatory inquiries; • an inability to access new, or a default under or other loss of current, liquidity and funding sources necessary to operate our business; • restrictions on our or our subsidiaries’ business activities; • impairment of assets; and • an inability to execute on our business strategy. Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, prospects, liquidity and/or results of operations. We cannot guarantee that any such scrutiny and investigations will not materially adversely affect us. Additionally, in recent years, the general trend among state and local lawmakers and regulators has been toward increasing laws, regulations and investigative proceedings with regard to residential mortgage lenders and servicers. On the other hand, the current federal administration has notably reduced federal regulatory oversight, which has resulted in increased state oversight of mortgage originators and servicers. This has led to, and may continue to lead to, inefficiencies for lenders and services, confusion in the market and other impacts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Individual states have also been increasingly active in supervising non-bank mortgage lenders and servicers such as Newrez, and certain regulators have communicated recommendations, expectations or demands with respect to areas such as corporate governance, safety and soundness, risk and compliance management, and cybersecurity, in addition to their focus on traditional licensing and examination matters. Uncertainty continues to exist with respect to the future of regulation of mortgage lending and servicing, including the future of the Dodd-Frank Act and CFPB. We cannot predict the specific legislative or executive actions that may result or what actions federal or state regulators might take in response to potential changes to the Dodd-Frank Act or to the federal regulatory environment generally. Such actions could impact the mortgage industry generally or us specifically, could impact our relationships with other regulators and could adversely impact our business. Additionally, such changes could later be reverted by future administrations, creating uncertainty and inefficiencies. Regulators have increasingly focused on the use, and adequacy, of technology in the mortgage servicing industry. For example, the CFPB has emphasized the need for mortgage servicers to maintain adequate information technology systems to ensure compliance with servicing requirements, and the New York Department of Financial Services has adopted cybersecurity regulations requiring covered financial institutions to establish and maintain cybersecurity programs. In addition, data privacy laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act impose obligations on businesses that collect personal information of California residents, including notice, consumer request, verification, disclosure, recordkeeping, and compliance procedure requirements. The impact of the CCPA, its implementing regulations, and similar legislation enacted in other states, on our mortgage origination and servicing businesses remains uncertain, and may result in an increase in legal and compliance costs. 49 New regulatory and legislative measures, or changes in enforcement practices, including those related to the technology we use, could, either individually or in the aggregate, require significant changes to our business practices, impose additional costs on us, limit our product offerings, limit our ability to efficiently pursue business opportunities, negatively impact asset values or reduce our revenues. Accordingly, any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Certain of our subsidiaries have been and are subject to federal and state regulatory matters and other litigation, which may adversely impact us. Regulatory actions or legal proceedings against certain of our subsidiaries or third party servicers could increase our financing costs or operating expenses, reduce our revenues or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity. Such subsidiaries may be subject to additional federal and state regulatory matters in the future that could materially and adversely affect the value of our investments to the extent we rely on them to achieve our investment objectives because we have no direct ability to influence their performance. Certain of our subsidiaries have disclosed certain matters in their periodic reports filed with the SEC and there can be no assurance that such events will not have a material adverse effect on them. We are currently evaluating the impact of such events and cannot assure you what impact these events may have or what actions we may take under our agreements with the servicer. In addition, any of our subsidiaries or third party servicers could be removed as servicer by the related loan owner or certain other transaction counterparties, which could have a material adverse effect on our interests in the loans and MSRs serviced by such third party servicer. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries have been and continue to be subject to regulatory and governmental examinations, information requests and subpoenas, inquiries, investigations and threatened legal actions and proceedings. In connection with formal and informal inquiries, such subsidiaries may receive numerous requests, subpoenas and orders for documents, testimony and information in connection with various aspects of their activities, including whether certain of their residential loan servicing and origination practices, bankruptcy practices and other aspects of their business comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements. Such subsidiaries cannot provide any assurance as to the outcome of any of the aforementioned actions, proceedings or inquiries, or that such outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on their reputation, business, prospects, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. For example, as previously disclosed by Paramount, which we acquired on December 19, 2025, Paramount is subject to an investigation by the SEC’s Division of Enforcement into the adequacy of its prior disclosures concerning executive compensation, perquisites, the use of corporate assets, related party transactions and conflicts of interest. The investigation also covers possible failures of Paramount’s controls and procedures relating to the topics of those disclosures. Paramount continues to cooperate with the SEC in the investigation. While we are unable to estimate the likely outcome of this matter or a reasonably probable range of potential costs or exposure, or the potential duration of the process, at this time, responding to an investigation of this type can be costly and time-consuming. If the SEC believes that violations occurred, it could also seek remedies including, but not limited to, civil monetary penalties and injunctive relief, and/or file litigation against Paramount. Mortgage servicing is heavily regulated at the U.S. federal, state and local levels, and transfers of MSRs may not be approved by the requisite regulators. Mortgage servicers must comply with U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations cover topics such as licensing; allowable fees and loan terms; permissible servicing and debt collection practices; limitations on forced-placed insurance; special consumer protections in connection with default and foreclosure; and protection of confidential, non-public consumer information. The volume of new or modified laws and regulations has increased in recent years, and states and individual cities and counties continue to enact laws that either restrict or impose additional obligations in connection with certain loan origination, acquisition and servicing activities in those cities and counties. The laws and regulations are complex and vary greatly among the states and localities, and in some cases, these laws are in conflict with each other or with U.S. federal law. In connection with MSR transactions, if we chose to engage a subservicer, there is no assurance that each transfer of MSRs to our selected subservicer will be approved by the requisite regulators. If regulatory approval for each such transfer is not obtained, we may incur additional costs and expenses in connection with the approval of another replacement subservicer. 50 Certain jurisdictions require licenses to purchase, hold, enforce or sell residential mortgage loans and/or MSRs, and we may not be able to obtain and/or maintain such licenses. Certain jurisdictions require a license to purchase, hold, enforce or sell residential mortgage loans and/or MSRs. In the event that any licensing requirement is applicable to us, and we do not hold such licenses, or there can be no assurance that we will obtain such licenses or, if obtained, that we will be able to maintain them. Our failure to obtain or maintain such licenses could restrict our ability to invest in loans in these jurisdictions if such licensing requirements are applicable. With respect to mortgage loans, in lieu of obtaining such licenses, we may contribute our acquired residential mortgage loans to one or more wholly owned trusts whose trustee is a national bank, which may be exempt from state licensing requirements. We have formed one or more subsidiaries to apply for certain state licenses. If these subsidiaries obtain the required licenses, any trust holding loans in the applicable jurisdictions may transfer such loans to such subsidiaries, resulting in these loans being held by a state-licensed entity. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the requisite licenses in a timely manner or at all or in all necessary jurisdictions, or that the use of the trusts will reduce the requirement for licensing. In addition, even if we obtain necessary licenses, we may not be able to maintain them. Any of these circumstances could limit our ability to invest in residential mortgage loans or MSRs in the future and have a material adverse effect on us. Regulatory scrutiny regarding foreclosure processes could lengthen foreclosure timelines, which could increase advances and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. When a residential mortgage loan is in foreclosure, the servicer is generally required to continue to advance delinquent principal and interest to the securitization trust and to also make advances for delinquent taxes and insurance and foreclosure costs and the upkeep of vacant property in foreclosure to the extent it determines that such amounts are recoverable. These servicer advances are generally recovered when the delinquency is resolved. Foreclosure moratoria or other actions that lengthen the foreclosure process increase the amount of servicer advances, lengthen the time it takes for reimbursement of such advances and increase the costs incurred during the foreclosure process. In addition, servicer advance financing facilities generally contain provisions that limit the eligibility of servicer advances to be financed based on the length of time that servicer advances are outstanding, and, as a result, an increase in foreclosure timelines could further increase the amount of servicer advances that need to be funded from the related servicer’s own capital. Such increases in foreclosure timelines could increase the need for capital to fund servicer advances, which would increase our interest expense, delay the collection of interest income or servicing revenue until the foreclosure has been resolved and, therefore, reduce the cash that we have available to pay our operating expenses or to pay dividends. The impact of legislative and regulatory changes on our business, as well as the market and industry in which we operate, are uncertain and may adversely affect our business. The Dodd-Frank Act affects almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including certain aspects of the markets in which we operate and imposes regulations on us and how we conduct our business. Generally, the Dodd-Frank Act strengthens the regulatory oversight of securities and capital markets activities by the SEC and established the CFPB to enforce laws and regulations for consumer financial products and services. It requires market participants to undertake additional record-keeping activities and imposes many additional disclosure requirements for public companies. Moreover, the Dodd-Frank Act contains a risk retention requirement for all asset-backed securities which we issue. See “—Risk retention regulations could adversely affect our business.” Further, the Dodd-Frank Act imposes mandatory clearing and exchange-trading requirements on many derivatives transactions (including formerly unregulated over-the-counter derivatives) in which we may engage. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act increased the margin requirements for derivatives transactions that are not subject to mandatory clearing requirements, which may impact our activities. The Dodd-Frank Act also establishes categories of regulated market participants, such as “swap-dealers,” “security-based swap dealers,” “major swap participants” and “major security-based swap participants,” and subjects or may subject these regulated entities to significant new capital, registration, recordkeeping, reporting, disclosure, business conduct and other regulatory requirements that will give rise to new administrative costs. Also, under the Dodd-Frank Act, financial regulators belonging to the Financial Stability Oversight Council are authorized to designate non-bank financial institutions and financial activities as systemically important to the economy and therefore subject to closer regulatory supervision. Such systemically important financial institutions (“SIFIs”) may be required to operate with greater safety margins, such as higher levels of capital and may face further limitations on their activities. The determination of what constitutes a SIFI is fact-specific, and SIFIs may include large investment funds and even certain asset managers. There can be no assurance that we will not be deemed to be a SIFI or engage in activities later determined to be systemically important and thus subject to further regulation. 51 The “Volcker Rule” promulgated under the Dodd-Frank Act limits the ability of certain banking entities to acquire as principal, directly or indirectly, ownership interests in certain private investment funds (referred to in the Volcker Rule as covered funds). As a result, the Volcker Rule may cause banking entities and their affiliates that would otherwise invest in our funds to not invest in our funds or CLOs, to invest less capital in our funds or CLOs, reduce or eliminate such investments, or require modifications to the documents governing our funds or CLOs that may adversely affect their performance or attractiveness to other investors or that otherwise may be adverse to our business. The Volcker Rule also includes a general prohibition on certain banking entities engaging in activities defined as “proprietary trading.” The Volcker Rule and its effects could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Even requirements that are not directly applicable to us may still increase our costs of entering into transactions with the parties to whom the requirements are directly applicable. In addition, there is significant uncertainty, particularly with the recent change in administration, regarding the legislative and regulatory outlook for the Dodd-Frank Act and related statutes governing financial services, which may include Dodd-Frank Act amendments, mortgage finance and housing policy in the U.S., and the future structure and responsibilities of regulatory agencies such as the CFPB and the FHFA. For example, in May 2018, President Trump signed into law the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act, which eased some of the restrictions imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. The current administration may again modify the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act or other laws that regulate financial services providers. Due to this uncertainty, it is not possible for us to predict how future legislative or regulatory proposals by Congress and the current administration will affect us or the market and industry in which we operate, and there can be no assurance that the resulting changes will not have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. It is possible that such regulatory changes could, among other things, increase our costs of operating as a public company, impose restrictions on our ability to securitize assets and reduce our investment returns on securitized assets. The federal conservatorships of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related efforts, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between these agencies and the U.S. government, may adversely affect our business. The payments we receive on the Agency RMBS in which we invest depend upon a steady stream of payments by borrowers on the underlying mortgages and the fulfillment of guarantees by GSEs. Ginnie Mae is part of a U.S. Government agency, and its guarantees are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. In contrast, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are GSEs, but their guarantees are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. In response to the deteriorating financial condition of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related credit market disruption, in 2008, FHFA placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into federal conservatorship and, together with the U.S. Treasury, established a program designed to boost investor confidence in Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s debt and Agency RMBS. Currently, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are still in federal conservatorship; however, under the current administration, the future of the conservatorships and the role and market shares of the GSEs is uncertain, and the current administration has made conflicting statements about the future of the conservatorships. As the conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the FHFA controls and directs the operations of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and may (1) take over the assets of and operate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with all the powers of the stockholders, the directors and the officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and conduct all business of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; (2) collect all obligations and money due to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; (3) perform all functions of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac which are consistent with the conservator’s appointment; (4) preserve and conserve the assets and property of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; and (5) contract for assistance in fulfilling any function, activity, action or duty of the conservator. The Federal Reserve announced in November 2008 a program of large-scale purchases of Agency RMBS in an attempt to lower longer-term interest rates and contribute to an overall easing of adverse financial conditions. Subject to specified investment guidelines, the portfolios of Agency RMBS purchased through the programs established by the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve may be held to maturity and, based on mortgage market conditions, adjustments may be made to these portfolios. This flexibility may adversely affect the pricing and availability of Agency RMBS that we seek to acquire during the remaining term of these portfolios. There can be no assurance of the U.S. Government’s continued intervention in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, or that such intervention, if continued, will be adequate for the longer-term viability of these GSEs. These uncertainties lead to questions about the availability of and trading market for, Agency RMBS. Accordingly, if these government actions are inadequate and the GSEs defaulted on their guaranteed obligations, suffered losses or ceased to exist, the value of our Agency RMBS and our business, operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 52 Additionally, because of the financial problems faced by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that led to their federal conservatorships, the administration and Congress may examine reform of the GSEs, including the value of a federal mortgage guarantee and the appropriate role for the U.S. government in providing liquidity for residential mortgage loans. It is unclear to what degree any reform will be undertaken and the final details of any plans, policies or proposals with respect to the housing GSEs are unknown at this time. In the past and potentially in the future, bills have been introduced that change the GSEs’ business charters and eliminate the entities or make other changes to the existing framework. We cannot predict whether or when such legislation may be enacted. If enacted, such legislation could materially and adversely affect the availability of, and trading market for, Agency RMBS and could, therefore, materially and adversely affect the value of our Agency RMBS and our business, operations and financial condition. Certain of Rithm Capital’s subsidiaries are or may become subject to significant state and federal regulations. Subsidiaries of Rithm Capital, NRM, Newrez and Genesis, have obtained applicable qualifications, licenses and approvals to own non-Agency and certain Agency MSRs in the U.S. and certain other jurisdictions. As a result of NRM, Newrez and Genesis’s current and expected approvals, NRM, Newrez and Genesis are subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under federal, state and local laws in the U.S. These laws and regulations do, and may in the future, significantly affect the way that NRM, Newrez and Genesis do business, and subject NRM, Newrez, Genesis and Rithm Capital to additional costs and regulatory obligations, which could impact our financial results. NRM, Newrez and Genesis’s business may become subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny in the future, which may lead to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, including both formal and informal inquiries, from various state and federal agencies as part of those agencies’ supervision of mortgage servicing and origination business activities. An adverse result in governmental investigations or examinations or private lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits, may adversely affect NRM, Newrez, Genesis and our financial results or result in serious reputational harm. In addition, a number of participants in the mortgage servicing industry have been the subject of purported class action lawsuits and regulatory actions by state or federal regulators and other industry participants have been the subject of actions by state Attorneys General. Additionally, CL Life and CL Re, which were acquired as part of the Crestline Acquisition, are subject to extensive state regulation and licensing requirements due to their activities in the insurance and re-insurance businesses. See “Regulations—Insurance Regulation” in this Annual Report for a further discussion of the regulatory requirements applicable to CL Life and CL Re. These laws and regulations do, and may in the future, significantly affect the way that CL Life and CL Re do business, and subject CL Life, CL Re and Rithm Capital to additional costs and regulatory obligations, which could impact our financial results. Failure of Rithm Capital’s subsidiaries, NRM and Newrez, to obtain or maintain certain licenses and approvals required for NRM and Newrez to purchase and own MSRs could prevent us from purchasing or owning MSRs, which could limit our potential business activities. State and federal laws require a business to hold certain state licenses prior to acquiring MSRs. NRM and Newrez are currently licensed or otherwise eligible to hold MSRs in each applicable state. As a licensee in such states, NRM and Newrez may become subject to administrative actions in those states for failing to satisfy ongoing license requirements or for other state law violations, the consequences of which could include fines or suspensions or revocations of NRM and Newrez licenses by applicable state regulatory authorities, which could in turn result in NRM and Newrez becoming ineligible to hold MSRs in the related jurisdictions. We could be delayed or prohibited from conducting certain business activities if we do not maintain necessary licenses in certain jurisdictions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain all of the required state licenses. Additionally, NRM and Newrez have received approval from FHA to hold MSRs associated with FHA-insured mortgage loans, from Fannie Mae to hold MSRs associated with loans owned by Fannie Mae, and from Freddie Mac to hold MSRs associated with loans owned by Freddie Mac. As approved Fannie Mae Servicers, Freddie Mac Servicers and FHA Lenders, NRM and Newrez are required to conduct aspects of their respective operations in accordance with applicable policies and guidelines published by FHA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in order to maintain those approvals. Should NRM or Newrez fail to maintain FHA, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac approval, NRM or Newrez may be unable to purchase or hold MSRs associated with FHA-insured, Fannie Mae and/or Freddie Mac loans, which could limit our potential business activities. In addition, Newrez is an approved issuer of mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae and services the mortgage loans related to such securities (“Ginnie Mae Issuer”). As an approved Ginnie Mae Issuer, Newrez is required to conduct aspects of their operations in accordance with applicable policies and guidelines published by Ginnie Mae in order to maintain their approvals. Should Newrez fail to maintain Ginnie Mae approval, we may be unable to purchase or hold MSRs associated with Ginnie Mae loans, which could limit our potential business activities. 53 NRM and Newrez are currently subject to various, and may become subject to additional information, reporting and other regulatory requirements, and there is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy those requirements or other ongoing requirements applicable to mortgage loan servicers under applicable federal and state laws and regulations. Any failure by NRM or Newrez to comply with such state or federal regulatory requirements may expose us to administrative or enforcement actions, license or approval suspensions or revocations or other penalties that may restrict our business and investment options, any of which could adversely impact our business and financial results and damage our reputation. Legislation that permits modifications to the terms of outstanding loans may negatively affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The U.S. government has enacted legislation that enables government agencies to modify the terms of a significant number of residential and other loans to provide relief to borrowers without the applicable investor’s consent. These modifications allow for outstanding principal to be deferred, interest rates to be reduced, the term of the loan to be extended or other terms to be changed in ways that can permanently eliminate the cash flow (principal and interest) associated with a portion of the loan. These modifications are currently reducing, or in the future may reduce, the value of a number of our current or future investments, including investments in mortgage-backed securities and interests in MSRs. As a result, such loan modifications are negatively affecting our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. In addition, certain market participants propose reducing the amount of paperwork required by a borrower to modify a loan, which could increase the likelihood of fraudulent modifications and materially harm the U.S. mortgage market and investors that have exposure to this market. Additional legislation intended to provide relief to borrowers may be enacted and could further harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Extensive regulation of certain of our subsidiaries’ business activities, including Sculptor, Crestline and the Rithm Advisers, affects our and our subsidiaries’ activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. Our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially affected by regulatory issues. As investment advisers registered under the Advisers Act, certain of our subsidiaries, including but not limited to, Sculptor, Crestline and Rithm Advisers, are subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC. Additionally, as a registered commodity pool operator and a registered commodity trading advisor, Sculptor is subject to regulation and oversight by the CFTC and the National Futures Association. In the UK, Sculptor’s UK subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the FCA. Sculptor’s Asian operations, and its investment activities around the globe, are subject to a variety of other regulatory regimes that vary country by country, including the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. A violation of any such regulations or a failure to maintain our funds’ exemption from compliance with the 1940 Act could result in investigations, sanctions and reputational damage, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our funds are involved regularly in trading activities that implicate a broad number of U.S. and foreign securities law regimes, including laws governing trading on inside information, market manipulation, anti-corruption, including the FCPA, and a broad number of technical trading requirements that implicate fundamental market regulation policies. Risk retention regulations could adversely affect our business. Jurisdictions including the U.S., the EU and UK have adopted risk retention regulations applicable to securitizations and similar transactions, including CLOs and other transactions that we manage or may manage in the future. As a result of these regulations, we may be required to retain, and historically have retained, a portion of the securities or other interests issued in some of these CLOs and other transactions, whether in order to satisfy compliance obligations directly applicable to us or in response to investor demands based on regulatory requirements imposed on such investors. Accordingly, this has required us to utilize capital that could otherwise be deployed in another manner, and we expect that we will need to continue to do so in the future for certain CLOs and other transactions that we may manage in the future. In addition, retaining interests in these transactions increases our exposure to the performance of these transactions and changes in the value of those interests. We have also incurred, and expect to continue to incur, costs and expenses in connection with our efforts to comply with these regulations or related investor demands. We have historically financed the majority of the interests we retain as a result of these regulations and expect to continue to do so. Such financing arrangements may impose limitations or restrictions on our business that could adversely affect our business and the price of our common stock. These risk retention regulations have changed and may continue to change over time, and may be introduced in other jurisdictions, and their interpretation and applicability at any given point in time may be uncertain. For example, as of January 1, 2019, new EU and UK risk retention regulations replaced previously existing EU and UK risk retention regulations for applicable transactions that issue securities on or after January 1, 2019. In addition, in the U.S., a court has held that certain regulators exceeded their statutory authority by requiring managers of “open-market” CLOs to hold risk retention interests in 54 those CLOs under U.S. risk retention regulations. Regulatory uncertainty of this nature may cause us to continue to incur costs and expenses in our efforts to comply with risk retention regulations or in response to the efforts of others to comply with risk retention regulations, and there can be no assurance that those costs and expenses, or the amount of capital we invest in connection with these risk retention regulations, will not increase in the future. Nor can there be any assurance that applicable governmental or regulatory authorities agree with our compliance approaches to these risk retention regulations, which may expose us to liability, including to third parties to whom we have made representations, warranties or covenants regarding such compliance. In the event that we adopt compliance approaches that are subsequently determined to not be required (such as with U.S. “open-market” CLOs), or are less capital-efficient than other approaches subsequently determined to be possible under applicable law, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover or redeploy capital that we’ve previously committed (and we may be contractually prohibited from disposing of the related risk retention interests), and we will generally not be able to recover any costs or expenses that we have already incurred. In addition to any direct effects on us, risk retention regulations may adversely affect markets relevant to our business, such as leveraged loan markets or credit markets generally, which may in turn adversely affect the transactions we manage and our business generally. There can be no assurance that risk retention regulations will not materially and adversely affect our business and operations and/or the price of our common stock. Regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the U.S. could adversely affect our business. Similar to the U.S., jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which we operate, in particular the EU and the UK, have become subject to further regulation. Regulators and other governmental authorities in the EU and the UK have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives and additional rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these rules and regulations, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any such violations could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. Private litigation could result in significant legal and other liabilities and reputational harm, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We face significant risks in our business that may subject us to private litigation and legal liability. In general, we will be exposed to litigation risk in connection with any allegations of misconduct, negligence, dishonesty or bad faith arising from our management of any fund or by actions taken in the running of our parent company or operating partnerships. We may also be subject to litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of our funds, including certain losses due to the failure of a particular investment strategy or improper trading activity, if we violate restrictions in our funds’ organizational documents or from allegations that we improperly exercised control or influence over companies in which our funds have large investments. In addition, we are exposed to risks of litigation relating to claims that we have not properly addressed conflicts of interest. Risks Related to Our Financing Arrangements The agreements governing our indebtedness place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. The agreements governing our indebtedness, including, but not limited to, the indenture governing our 8.000% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the “2029 Senior Notes”) and the indenture governing our 8.000% senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the “2030 Senior Notes” and, together with the 2029 Senior Notes, the “Senior Notes”), contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. The indentures governing our Senior Notes restrict among other things, our and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to: • incur certain additional debt; • make certain investments or acquisitions; • create certain liens on our or our subsidiaries’ assets; • sell assets; and • merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. 55 Additionally, Sculptor and its related subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictive covenants under the terms of its credit facility, which restrict it and its subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or make certain restricted payments, make payments on, redeem, repurchase or retire subordinated debt, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, engage in substantially different lines of business and amend their organizational documents in a manner materially adverse to the lenders, in addition to the restrictions above. These covenants could impair our ability to grow our business, take advantage of attractive business opportunities or successfully compete. A breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default. Cross-default provisions in our debt agreements could cause an event of default under one debt agreement to trigger an event of default under our other debt agreements. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our debt agreements, the lenders or holders thereof could elect to declare all outstanding debt under such agreements to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our financing agreements may elect not to extend financing to us, which could quickly and seriously impair our liquidity. We finance a meaningful portion of our investments with repurchase agreements and other short-term financing arrangements. Under the terms of repurchase agreements, we will sell an asset to the lending counterparty for a specified price and concurrently agree to repurchase the same asset from our counterparty at a later date for a higher specified price. During the term of the repurchase agreement—which can be as short as 30 days—the counterparty will make funds available to us and hold the asset as collateral. Our counterparties can also require us to post additional margin as collateral at any time during the term of the agreement. When the term of a repurchase agreement ends, we will be required to repurchase the asset for the specified repurchase price, with the difference between the sale and repurchase prices serving as the equivalent of paying interest to the counterparty in return for extending financing to us. If we want to continue to finance the asset with a repurchase agreement, we ask the counterparty to extend—or “roll”—the repurchase agreement for another term. Our financing agreements are with a limited number of counterparties, and our counterparties are not required to roll our repurchase agreements or other financing agreements upon the expiration of their stated terms, which subjects us to liquidity risks. If a financing agreement counterparty elects not to extend our financing, we would be required to pay the counterparty in full on the maturity date and find an alternate source of financing. Alternate sources of financing may be more expensive, contain more onerous terms or simply may not be available. The financing sources under our servicer advance financing facilities may elect not to extend financing to us or may have or take positions adverse to us, which could quickly and seriously impair our liquidity. We finance a meaningful portion of our servicer advance investments and servicer advance receivables with structured financing arrangements. These arrangements are commonly of a short-term nature. These arrangements are generally accomplished by having the named servicer or the purchaser of such servicer advance investments transfer our right to repayment to one of our wholly owned bankruptcy remote subsidiaries (a “Depositor”). We are generally required to continue to transfer to the related Depositor all of our rights to repayment for any particular pool of servicer advances as they arise (and, if applicable, are transferred from a third party servicer) until the related financing arrangement is paid in full and is terminated. The related Depositor then transfers such rights to an “Issuer.” The Issuer then issues limited recourse notes to the financing sources backed by such rights to repayment. The outstanding balance of servicer advance receivables securing these arrangements is not likely to be repaid on or before the maturity date of such financing arrangements. Accordingly, we rely heavily on our financing sources to extend or refinance the terms of such financing arrangements. Our financing sources are not required to extend the arrangements upon the expiration of their stated terms, which subjects us to a number of risks. Financing sources electing to extend may charge higher interest rates and impose more onerous terms upon us, including without limitation, lowering the amount of financing that can be extended against any particular pool of servicer advances. If a financing source is unable or unwilling to extend financing, including, but not limited to, due to legal or regulatory matters applicable to us, the related Issuer will be required to repay the outstanding balance of the financing on the related maturity date. Additionally, there may be substantial increases in the interest rates under a financing arrangement if the related notes are not repaid, extended or refinanced prior to the expected repayment date, which may be before the related maturity date. If an Issuer is unable to pay the outstanding balance of the notes, the financing sources generally have the right to foreclose on the servicer advances pledged as collateral. 56 Currently, certain of the notes issued under our structured servicer advance financing arrangements accrue interest at a floating rate of interest. Servicer advance receivables are non-interest-bearing assets. Accordingly, if there is an increase in prevailing interest rates and/or our financing sources increase the interest rate “margins” or “spreads,” the amount of financing that we could obtain against any particular pool of servicer advances may decrease substantially and/or we may be required to obtain interest rate hedging arrangements. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such interest rate hedging arrangements. Alternate sources of financing may be more expensive, contain more onerous terms or simply may not be available. Moreover, our structured servicer advance financing arrangements are currently with a limited number of counterparties. If any of our sources are unable to or elected not to extend or refinance such arrangements, we may not be able to find a replacement counterparty in a timely manner. Many of our servicer advance financing arrangements are provided by financial institutions with whom we have substantial relationships. Some of our servicer advance financing arrangements entail the issuance of term notes to capital markets investors with whom we have little or no relationships or the identities of which we may not be aware and, therefore, we have no ability to control or monitor the identity of the holders of such term notes. Holders of such term notes may have or may take positions – for example, “short” positions in our stock or the stock of our servicers – that could be benefited by adverse events with respect to us. If any holders of term notes allege or assert non-compliance by us under our servicer advance financing arrangements in order to realize such benefits, we, or our ability to maintain servicer advance financing on favorable terms, could be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to finance our investments on attractive terms or at all, and financing for interests in MSRs or servicer advance receivables may be particularly difficult to obtain. The ability to finance investments with securitizations or other long-term non-recourse financing not subject to margin requirements has been challenging as a result of market conditions. These conditions may result in having to use less efficient forms of financing for any new investments, or the refinancing of current investments, which will likely require a larger portion of our cash flows to be put toward making the investment and thereby reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders and funds available for operations and investments and which will also likely require us to assume higher levels of risk when financing our investments. In addition, there is a limited market for financing of interests in MSRs, and it is possible that one will not develop for a variety of reasons, such as the challenges with perfecting security interests in the underlying collateral. Certain of our advance facilities may mature in the short term and there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these facilities on favorable terms or at all. Moreover, an increase in delinquencies with respect to the loans underlying our servicer advance receivables could result in the need for additional financing, which may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all. If we are not able to obtain adequate financing to purchase servicer advance receivables from our applicable servicers or fund servicer advances under our MSRs in accordance with the applicable Servicing Guidelines, we or any such servicer, as applicable, could default on its obligation to fund such advances, which could result in its termination of us or any applicable servicer, as servicer under the applicable Servicing Guidelines, and a partial or total loss of our interests in MSRs and servicer advances, as applicable. The non-recourse long-term financing structures we use expose us to risks, which could result in losses to us. We use structured finance and other non-recourse long-term financing for our investments to the extent available and appropriate. In such structures, our financing sources typically have only a claim against the assets included in the securitizations rather than a general claim against us as an entity. Prior to any such financing, we would seek to finance our investments with relatively short-term facilities until a sufficient portfolio is accumulated. As a result, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that any short-term facilities are available, sufficient eligible assets or securities to maximize the efficiency of a securitization. We also bear the risk that we would not be able to obtain new short-term facilities or would not be able to renew any short-term facilities after they expire should we need more time to seek and acquire sufficient eligible assets or securities for a securitization. In addition, conditions in the capital markets may make the issuance of any such securitization less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets or securities. While we would generally intend to retain a portion of the interests issued under such securitizations and, therefore, still have exposure to any investments included in such securitizations, our inability to enter into such securitizations may increase our overall exposure to risks associated with direct ownership of such investments, including the risk of default. Our inability to refinance any short-term facilities would also increase our risk because borrowings thereunder would likely be recourse to us as an entity. If we are unable to obtain and renew short-term facilities or to consummate securitizations to finance our investments on a long-term basis, we may be required to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price. 57 Our ability to borrow may be adversely affected by the suspension or delay of the rating of the notes issued under certain of our financing facilities by the credit agency providing the ratings. Certain of our financing facilities are rated by one rating agency and we may sponsor financing facilities in the future that are rated by credit agencies. The related agency or rating agencies may suspend rating notes backed by servicer advances, MSRs, Excess MSRs and our other investments at any time. Rating agency delays may result in our inability to obtain timely ratings on new notes or to amend or modify other financing facilities which could adversely impact the availability of borrowings or the interest rates, advance rates or other financing terms and adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Further, if we are unable to secure ratings from other agencies, limited investor demand for unrated notes could result in further adverse changes to our liquidity and profitability. A downgrade of certain of the notes issued under our financing facilities could cause such notes to become due and payable prior to their expected repayment date/maturity date, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Representations and warranties made by us in our collateralized borrowings, including our CLOs, and loan sale agreements may subject us to liability. Our financing facilities, including our CLOs, require us to make certain representations and warranties regarding the assets that collateralize the borrowings. Although we perform due diligence on the assets that we acquire, certain representations and warranties that we make in respect of such assets may ultimately be determined to be inaccurate. In addition, our loan sale agreements require us to make representations and warranties to the purchaser regarding the loans that were sold. Such representations and warranties may include, but are not limited to, issues such as the validity of the lien; the absence of delinquent taxes or other liens; the loans’ compliance with all local, state and federal laws and the delivery of all documents required to perfect title to the lien. In the event of a breach of a representation or warranty, we may be required to repurchase affected loans, make indemnification payments to certain indemnified parties or address any claims associated with such breach. Further, we may have limited or no recourse against the seller from whom we purchased the loans. Such recourse may be limited due to a variety of factors, including the absence of a representation or warranty from the seller corresponding to the representation provided by us, the contractual expiration thereof, or seller’s bankruptcy, liquidation, or termination of its affairs. A breach of a representation or warranty could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Compliance with these requirements must be carefully monitored on a continuing basis. Monitoring and managing our REIT compliance has become challenging due to the increased size and complexity of the assets in our portfolio, a meaningful portion of which are not qualifying REIT assets. There can be no assurance that our personnel responsible for doing so will be able to successfully monitor our compliance or maintain our REIT status. 58 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would result in higher taxes and reduced cash available for distribution to our stockholders. We intend to operate in a manner intended to qualify us as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we do not obtain independent appraisals. See “—Risks Related to our Business—The valuation of certain of our assets and investments requires significant judgment and is based on various assumptions, and changes in, or the use of incorrect, valuation assumptions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or fee revenues,” and “—Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment—Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or our exclusion from the 1940 Act.” Our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Moreover, the proper classification of one or more of our investments (such as TBAs) may be uncertain in some circumstances, which could affect the application of the REIT qualification requirements. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) will not contend that our investments violate the REIT requirements. If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, including a prior taxable year for which the statute of limitations remains open, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and distributions to stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of, and market price for, our stock. See also “—Our failure to qualify as a REIT would cause our stock to be delisted from the NYSE.” Unless entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, we also would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we initially ceased to qualify as a REIT. Our failure to qualify as a REIT would cause our stock to be delisted from the NYSE. The NYSE requires, as a condition to the listing of our shares, that we maintain our REIT status. Consequently, if we fail to maintain our REIT status, our shares would promptly be delisted from the NYSE, which would decrease the trading activity of such shares. This could make it difficult to sell shares and would likely cause the market volume of the shares trading to decline. If we were delisted as a result of losing our REIT status and desired to relist our shares on the NYSE, we would have to reapply to the NYSE to be listed as a domestic corporation. As the NYSE’s listing standards for REITs are less onerous than its standards for domestic corporations, it would be more difficult for us to become a listed company under these heightened standards. We might not be able to satisfy the NYSE’s listing standards for a domestic corporation. As a result, if we were delisted from the NYSE, we might not be able to relist as a domestic corporation, in which case our shares could not trade on the NYSE. The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to qualify as real estate assets could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. We enter into financing arrangements that are structured as sale and repurchase agreements pursuant to which we nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase these assets at a later date in exchange for a purchase price. Economically, these agreements are financings that are secured by the assets sold pursuant thereto. We believe that, for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests, we should be treated as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any such sale and repurchase agreement, notwithstanding that those agreements generally transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the sale and repurchase agreement, in which case we might fail to qualify as a REIT. 59 The failure of our Excess MSRs to qualify as real estate assets or the income from our Excess MSRs to qualify as mortgage interest could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. We have received from the IRS a private letter ruling substantially to the effect that our Excess MSRs represent interests in mortgages on real property and thus are qualifying “real estate assets” for purposes of the REIT asset test, which generate income that qualifies as interest on obligations secured by mortgages on real property for purposes of the REIT income test. The ruling is based on, among other things, certain assumptions as well as on the accuracy of certain factual representations and statements that we have made to the IRS. If any of the representations or statements that we have made in connection with the private letter ruling, are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect with respect to one or more Excess MSR investments, or if we acquire an Excess MSR investment with terms that are not consistent with the terms of the Excess MSR investments described in the private letter ruling, then we will not be able to rely on the private letter ruling. If we are unable to rely on the private letter ruling with respect to an Excess MSR investment, the IRS could assert that such Excess MSR investments do not qualify under the REIT asset and income tests, and if successful, we might fail to qualify as a REIT. Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some “qualified dividends.” Dividends payable to domestic stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally taxed at reduced tax rates applicable to “qualified dividends.” Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for those reduced rates. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock. In addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given to non-REIT corporate dividends, which could affect the value of our real estate assets negatively. REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan. We generally must distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, excluding any net capital gain, in order for corporate income tax not to apply to earnings that we distribute. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. However, differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash could require us to sell assets or borrow funds on a short-term or long-term basis to meet the 90% distribution requirement of the Internal Revenue Code. Certain of our assets, such as our investment in consumer loans, generate substantial mismatches between taxable income and available cash. As a result, the requirement to distribute a substantial portion of our net taxable income could cause us to: (i) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms; (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt; or (iv) make taxable distributions of our capital stock or debt securities in order to comply with REIT requirements. Further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund investment activities. If we fail to obtain debt or equity capital in the future, it could limit our ability to satisfy our liquidity needs, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. We may be required to report taxable income for certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize from them. Based on IRS guidance concerning the classification of Excess MSRs, we intend to treat our Excess MSRs as ownership interests in the interest payments made on the underlying residential mortgage loans, akin to an “interest only” strip. Under this treatment, for purposes of determining the amount and timing of taxable income, each Excess MSR is treated as a bond that was issued with original issue discount on the date we acquired such Excess MSR. In general, we will be required to accrue original issue discount based on the constant yield to maturity of each Excess MSR and to treat such original issue discount as taxable income in accordance with the applicable U.S. federal income tax rules. The constant yield of an Excess MSR will be determined, and we will be taxed, based on a prepayment assumption regarding future payments due on the residential mortgage loans underlying the Excess MSR. If the residential mortgage loans underlying an Excess MSR prepay at a rate different than that under the prepayment assumption, our recognition of original issue discount will be either increased or decreased depending on the circumstances. Thus, in a particular taxable year, we may be required to accrue an amount of income in respect of an Excess MSR that exceeds the amount of cash collected in respect of that Excess MSR. Furthermore, it is possible that, over the life of the investment in an Excess MSR, the total amount we pay for, and accrue with respect to, the Excess MSR may exceed the total amount we collect on such Excess MSR. No assurance can be given that we will be entitled to a deduction for such excess, meaning that we may be required to recognize “phantom income” over the life of an Excess MSR. 60 Other debt instruments that we may acquire, including consumer loans, may be issued with, or treated as issued with, original issue discount. Those instruments would be subject to the original issue discount accrual and income computations that are described above with regard to Excess MSRs. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017, we generally are required to take certain amounts into income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements. The application of this rule may require the accrual of, among other categories of income, income with respect to certain debt instruments or mortgage-backed securities, such as original issue discount, earlier than would be the case under the general tax rules, although the precise application of this rule is unclear at this time. We may acquire debt instruments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The discount at which such debt instruments are acquired may reflect doubts about their ultimate collectability rather than current market interest rates. The amount of such discount will nevertheless generally be treated as “market discount” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accrued market discount is reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the debt instrument is made. If we collect less on the debt instrument than our purchase price plus the market discount we had previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. In addition, we may acquire debt instruments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding instrument are “significant modifications” under the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, the modified instrument will be considered to have been reissued to us in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, we may be required to recognize taxable gain to the extent the principal amount of the modified instrument exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified instrument, even if the value of the instrument or the payment expectations have not changed. Following such a taxable modification, we would hold the modified loan with a cost basis equal to its principal amount for U.S. federal tax purposes. Finally, in the event that any debt instruments acquired by us are delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event payments with respect to a particular instrument are not made when due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate collectability. Similarly, we may be required to accrue interest income with respect to debt instruments at the stated rate regardless of whether corresponding cash payments are received or are ultimately collectible. In each case, while we would in general ultimately have an offsetting loss deduction available to us when such interest was determined to be uncollectible, the utility of that deduction could depend on our having taxable income of an appropriate character in that later year or thereafter. In any event, if our investments generate more taxable income than cash in any given year, we may have difficulty satisfying our annual REIT distribution requirement. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash from operations to pay our operating expenses and to pay distributions to our stockholders. As a REIT, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and not including net capital gains) each year to our stockholders. To qualify for the tax benefits accorded to REITs, we intend to make distributions to our stockholders in amounts such that we distribute all or substantially all of our net taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, although there can be no assurance that our operations will generate sufficient cash to make such distributions. Moreover, our ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and outside counsel, are subject to certain of these requirements. These and other laws and regulations directly affect our operations and require ongoing compliance efforts, including internal controls, monitoring, audits and examinations by regulatory authorities. We devote substantial resources to compliance and risk management; however, given the complexity and evolving nature of the regulatory environment, there can be no assurance that we will remain in compliance with all applicable requirements. See “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components: a base fee and an Excess MSR. The base fee is the amount of compensation for the performance of servicing duties (including advance obligations), and the Excess MSR is the amount that exceeds the base fee. These borrowings are either recourse or non-recourse debt and bear either fixed or variable interest rates, which are offered by the counterparty for the term of the notes for a specified margin over the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”). The capital markets notes are typically issued with a collateral coverage percentage, which is a quotient expressed as a percentage equal to the aggregate note amount divided by the market value of the underlying collateral. The market value of the underlying collateral is generally updated on a quarterly basis, and if the collateral coverage percentage becomes greater than or equal to a collateral trigger, generally 90%, we may be required to add funds, pay down principal on the notes or add additional collateral to bring the collateral coverage percentage below 90%. The difference between the collateral coverage percentage and the collateral trigger is referred to as a “margin holiday.” Servicing agreements generally require a servicer to make advances in respect of serviced residential mortgage loans unless the servicer determines in good faith that the advance would not be ultimately recoverable from the proceeds of the related residential mortgage loan or the mortgaged property. Servicer advances typically fall into one of three categories: • Principal and Interest Advances : Payments made by the servicer to cover scheduled payments of principal of, and interest on, a residential mortgage loan that have not been paid on a timely basis by the borrower. • Escrow Advances (Taxes and Insurance Advances) : Cash payments made by the servicer to third parties on behalf of the borrower for real estate taxes and insurance premiums on the property that have not been paid on a timely basis by the borrower. • Foreclosure Advances : Payments made by the servicer to third parties for the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the foreclosure, property preservation and sale of the mortgaged property, including attorneys’ and other professional fees. The purpose of the advances is to provide liquidity, rather than credit enhancement, to the underlying residential mortgage securitization transaction. Most servicer advances are considered “top of the waterfall” and are generally repaid from amounts received from the related residential mortgage loan pool, and to a lesser extent, payments from the borrower or amounts received from the liquidation of the property securing the loan, which is referred to as “loan-level recovery.” 6 Loan prepayments made by the borrowers on the residential mortgage loans underlying the securitizations can only be used to fund principal and interest advances. The servicing agreements with Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae and certain PLS generally have a “waterfall” payment structure that allows servicers to apply balances received from prepayments to cover principal and interest advance requirements. The ability to apply balances received against prepayments stems from a difference caused by the timing between the remittance of payments under the servicer’s advance and remittance obligations, generally several weeks after the due date, and servicer’s timeline to remit prepayments, which can be up to a month or more after receipt from the borrower. Because of this timing difference, servicers can effectively “borrow” against the prepayments received to cover principal and interest advance requirements. In many cases, if the servicer determines that an advance previously made would not be recoverable from these sources, or if such advance is not recovered when the loan is repaid or related property is liquidated, then the servicer is, most often, entitled to withdraw funds from the trustee custodial account for payments on the serviced residential mortgage loans to reimburse the applicable advance. This is what is often referred to as a “general collections backstop.” See “

