TICKER: RNR
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains and agricultural production. Accordingly, we expect an increase in both the frequency and magnitude of claims, especially from properties located in coastal areas. The consideration of the impacts of climate-related risk, including climate change is integrated into our ERM process. We have taken measures to mitigate losses related to climate change through our underwriting process and by continuously monitoring and adjusting our risk management models to reflect the higher level of risk that we think will persist. We have been progressively integrating the consideration of the financial risk of climate change into our governance frameworks, risk management processes, and business strategies over the past several years. We monitor emerging regulatory expectations, as many of our regulators are increasingly focused on climate-related risk oversight and disclosures. Additionally, as a (re)insurance company, we believe that we play a role in supporting the orderly transition to a lower-carbon economy through three primary channels: (i) through our underwriting activities, where we assume risk, in ways that help provide the liquidity and capital necessary to enable the orderly transition of industries, businesses and society towards a lower carbon future; (ii) through our investments portfolio, where, as an asset owner, we seek to allocate capital in a manner that supports long-term decarbonization and resilience; and (iii) through our own business operations, by working to reduce our operational carbon footprint and enhance the sustainability of our business practices. Our Board and its committees are actively engaged in the oversight of sustainability initiatives and strategy, and receive regular updates from management on progress, risk and developments. In addition to the impacts that environmental events may have on our business, we are subject to increasing governmental and regulatory initiatives and scrutiny related to climate-related risk and 16 greenhouse gas emissions. Various jurisdictions have introduced, or are in the process of introducing, climate-related disclosure requirements that may affect our operations. For example, several jurisdictions are in the process of implementing the International Sustainability Standards Board requirements which requires disclosure of the risks and opportunities arising from social and environmental issues. Other regulators have also strengthened their expectations. In the United Kingdom, the Prudential Regulation Authority, has issued enhanced expectations for climate risk integration and disclosure. Similarly, Switzerland’s FINMA has adopted a new circular required phased implementation of climate and nature risk obligations beginning in 2026. The implementation of these, and other, requirements may increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. Additionally, regulators may introduce similar requirements in the future. RATINGS Financial strength ratings are important to the competitive position of reinsurance and insurance companies. We have received high financial strength ratings from A.M. Best, S&P, Moody’s and Fitch. These ratings represent independent opinions of an insurer’s financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet policyholder obligations, and are not an evaluation directed toward the protection of investors or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of our securities. Certain of our entities and the senior notes and preference shares issued by them also have credit ratings. Rating organizations continually review the financial positions of our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures and ratings may be revised or revoked by the agencies which issue them. Additionally, rating organizations may change their capital models and rating methodologies, which could have a material impact on our ratings and business. In addition, A.M. Best assesses and scores companies’ ERM practices, which is an opinion on the many critical dimensions of risk that determine overall creditworthiness. RenaissanceRe has been assigned an ERM score of “Very Strong,” which is the highest ERM score assigned. See “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources—Ratings” for the ratings of our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures by segment, and details of recent ratings actions. RESERVE FOR CLAIMS AND CLAIM EXPENSES We believe the most significant accounting judgment made by management is our estimate of claims and claim expense reserves. Claims and claim expense reserves represent estimates, including actuarial and statistical projections at a given point in time, of the ultimate settlement and administration costs for unpaid claims and claim expenses arising from the insurance and reinsurance contracts we sell. Our claims and claim expense reserves are a combination of case reserves, ACR and incurred but not reported losses and incurred but not enough reported losses, collectively referred to as IBNR. Case reserves are losses reported to us by insureds and ceding companies, but which have not yet been paid. If deemed necessary and in certain situations, either we establish, or our clients report, ACR. Client reported ACR represents their estimate of additional contract specific claims in excess of the case reserves they have reported to us. ACR established by us represents our estimates for claims related to specific contracts which we believe may not be adequately estimated by the client as of that date or is not within the IBNR. We establish IBNR using actuarial techniques and expert judgment to represent the anticipated cost of claims which have not been reported to us yet or where we anticipate increased reporting. Our reserving committee, which includes members of our senior management, reviews, discusses, and assesses the reasonableness and adequacy of the reserving estimates included in our audited consolidated financial statements. Because of the nature of the coverages that we provide, the amount and timing of the cash flows associated with our policy liabilities will fluctuate, perhaps significantly, and, therefore, are highly uncertain. Our reserving techniques, assumptions and processes differ among our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. Refer to “Note 8. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses” in our “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” for more information on the risks we insure and reinsure, the reserving techniques, assumptions and processes we follow to estimate our claims and claim expense reserves, prior year development of the reserve for claims and claim expenses, analysis of our incurred and paid claims development and claims duration information for each of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. In addition, refer to “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 17 Condition and Results of Operations—Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates—Claims and Claim Expense Reserves” for more information on our actual results versus our initial estimates of our claims reserves, and sensitivity analysis for each of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. MARKETING We believe that our modeling and technical expertise, our broad risk appetite, and our reputation for paying valid claims promptly has enabled us to become a provider of first choice in many lines of business to our customers worldwide. We market our products primarily through reinsurance brokers and we focus our marketing efforts on targeted brokers and partners. We believe that our existing portfolio of business is a valuable asset and, therefore, we attempt to continually strengthen relationships with our existing brokers and customers. We believe that by maintaining close relationships with brokers, we are able to obtain access to a broad range of potential reinsureds. We believe that primary insurers’ and brokers’ willingness to use a particular reinsurer is based not just on pricing, but also on the financial security of the reinsurer, its claim paying ability ratings and demonstrated willingness to promptly pay valid claims, the quality of a reinsurer’s service, the reinsurer’s willingness and ability to design customized programs, its long-term stability and its commitment to provide stable reinsurance capacity across market cycles. Our portfolio of business continues to be characterized by relatively large transactions with ceding companies with whom we do business, although no current relationship exceeds 10% of our gross premiums written. Our brokers assess client needs and also perform data collection, contract preparation and other administrative tasks, enabling us to market our products cost effectively. Our distribution is reliant on a small number of broker relationships, which has continued to decrease in recent years as a result of consolidation in the broker sector. We expect this concentration to continue. In 2025, three brokerage firms accounted for 81.3% of our gross premiums written. The following table shows the percentage of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments’ gross premiums written generated through subsidiaries and affiliates of our largest brokers: Year ended December 31, 2025 Property Casualty and Specialty Total Aon plc 44.2 % 27.4 % 34.5 % Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 30.4 % 36.3 % 33.8 % Arthur J. Gallagher 6.9 % 17.5 % 13.0 % Total of largest brokers 81.5 % 81.2 % 81.3 % All others 18.5 % 18.8 % 18.7 % Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES Human Capital Resources Oversight At RenaissanceRe, our people are our most valuable resource and are core to our success, and the effective execution of our strategy. We believe in fostering an open and collaborative culture that encourages employees to take ownership of their performance and development. Our executive management team oversees initiatives to create an environment in which employees can develop and succeed. The Corporate Governance and Human Capital Management Committee of our Board is actively engaged in the oversight of our human capital strategy, which includes employees, work environment, inclusion strategy and compensation practices, and receives regular updates from management on progress and developments. Our executive management team and Corporate Governance and Human Capital Management Committee receive regular reports on progress against our annual human resources tactical plans. 18 Employees At February 6, 2026, we employed 1,040 people worldwide (February 7, 2025 - 945, February 14, 2024 - 925). Of these employees, 249 were located in Bermuda, 270 in the U.S. and Canada, 492 in Europe and 29 in the Asia-Pacific region. Talent Acquisition, Development, and Retention We strive to hire talented people and invest in their development to aid them in their professional and personal growth. As employees progress at RenaissanceRe, we provide structured opportunities to support them in mastering specific competencies at each career level. We also invest in the professional growth of our leaders through customized leadership development programs to build advanced skills and capabilities across a diverse set of participants within the organization. Our bespoke approach to development encourages continuous learning, supported by skills-based training, technical development programs and stretch assignments. We aim to attract, motivate, reward and retain the best people by aligning our performance management practices with our compensation and benefits programs. Work Environment We endeavor to provide a safe, healthy and supportive work environment that promotes the well-being of our employees and enables our people to contribute effectively across our global organization. We actively encourage open dialogue with our employees, and conduct engagement and culture surveys to gather feedback on employee satisfaction and engagement. Insights from these surveys inform targeted action, and we monitor follow-up progress, to support the provision of appropriate support and oversight of areas requiring improvement. Our Commitment to Inclusion At RenaissanceRe, we are committed to fostering an environment where every individual feels a sense of belonging and is empowered to contribute to our shared success. By collaborating and embracing a wide range of perspectives, we strengthen our ability to fulfill our purpose: protecting communities and enabling prosperity. To achieve this, our inclusion efforts focus on three key areas: supporting and developing talent, empowering inclusive and high-performing teams, and building stronger communities. Compensation and Benefit Practices We design our compensation and benefit programs to incorporate a range of components intended to attract and retain talented individuals and mitigate potential risks, while rewarding employees for pursuing our strategic and financial objectives through appropriate risk-taking, risk management and prudent tactical and strategic decision making. We aim to offer fair, competitive wages and benefits based on experience, skills, knowledge and geographic location. We do this by conducting regular market checks of our competitive pay and benefit programs in each of our operating locations, as well as an annual compensation review cycle where we assess pay levels for all employees. REGULATION Most countries and all U.S. states regulate (re)insurance business to varying degrees. We currently have significant (re)insurance operations in Australia, Bermuda, Ireland, Singapore, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. Our operating subsidiaries and branches are principally regulated by the regulatory authorities of their respective jurisdictions, and may also be subject to regulation in the jurisdictions of their ceding companies. Expansion into additional (re)insurance markets could expose us or our subsidiaries to increasing regulatory oversight. However, we intend to continue to conduct our operations so as to minimize the likelihood that our Bermuda subsidiaries will become subject to direct U.S. regulation. Bermuda Regulation Overview Generally, Bermuda companies must comply with the provisions of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981. Bermuda-registered insurance companies and insurance management companies are also regulated under 19 the Insurance Act and related regulations, which impose various requirements depending on a company’s classification under the Insurance Act. The Insurance Act imposes solvency and liquidity standards as well as auditing and reporting requirements, and confers on the BMA powers to supervise, investigate and intervene in the affairs of insurance companies. As a holding company, RenaissanceRe is not directly regulated as an insurer under the Insurance Act. Our entities registered under the Insurance Act include: • Class 4 general business insurers : Renaissance Reinsurance, and DaVinci Reinsurance • Class 3B general business insurers : RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S., Vermeer and RREAG, Bermuda Branch • Class 3A general business insurers : Top Layer, Fontana Re and Fontana US • Class 3 general business insurer : AlphaCat Re, Mont Fort Re Ltd. and Shima Reinsurance Ltd. • Collateralized insurer : Upsilon RFO • Insurance managers : RUM and RenaissanceRe Underwriting Management Ltd. The European Commission recognizes Bermuda’s regulatory regime as achieving Solvency II equivalence for its commercial (re)insurers and insurance groups. From time to time, RenaissanceRe’s Bermuda-registered entities may apply for, and be granted, certain modifications to, or exemptions from, regulatory requirements which may otherwise apply to them. Group Supervision The BMA is the group supervisor of the RenaissanceRe Group and it has designated Renaissance Reinsurance to be the “designated insurer” in respect of the RenaissanceRe Group. The designated insurer is required to ensure that the RenaissanceRe Group complies with the provisions of the Insurance Act pertaining to groups and all related group solvency and group supervision rules. The BMA has certain powers of investigation and intervention, relating to Bermuda-registered entities and their holding companies, subsidiaries and other affiliates, including the power to cancel a Bermuda-registered entity’s registration, which it may exercise in the interest of such an insurer’s policyholders or if there is any risk of insolvency or a breach of the Insurance Act or the license conditions of a Bermuda-registered entity. The International Association of Insurance Supervisors, or IAIS, has adopted a Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups, or IAIGs, which is focused on both qualitative and quantitative measures that are expected to enhance the group-wide supervision of IAIGs. As part of ComFrame, the IAIS developed global risk-based insurance capital standards that, if applied to us, could increase our prescribed capital requirement, increase regulatory scrutiny on the level of capital we maintain, limit intercompany capital transactions, suspend debt repayments, and significantly increase our cost of regulatory compliance. The BMA embedded the ComFrame group-supervision requirements, including the risk-based insurance capital standards, and requirement for a recovery plan, in the Insurance Act and related regulations in January 2026. Disclosure and Reporting Requirements At the group level, the RenaissanceRe Group is required to submit to the BMA a quarterly financial return, as well as the following annual filings: group statutory financial statements, group capital and solvency return, audited group financial statements, and a group solvency self-assessment. At the entity level, our Bermuda registered insurers are required to submit to the BMA both general and statutory audited annual financial statements, which are available on the BMA’s website. Certain insurers and insurance groups are also required to prepare and publish a Financial Condition Report, or FCR. We file a consolidated group FCR, inclusive of Renaissance Reinsurance, RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S., DaVinci Reinsurance, Top Layer, Fontana Re, Fontana US and Vermeer. RREAG files a separate FCR in lieu of a standalone FCR for its Bermuda Branch. Our FCRs are available on our website. In addition, general business insurers are generally required to file an annual capital and solvency return, or BSCR, with the BMA. The BSCR is a risk-based capital model designed to give the BMA robust methods for determining an insurer’s capital 20 adequacy. Our 2024 group BSCR exceeded the target capital level. We are currently completing our 2025 group BSCR, and at this time, we believe we will exceed the target capital, and that each entity that is required to file will exceed the minimum amount of regulatory capital required to be maintained under Bermuda law. The Insurance Act requires that the BMA be notified in writing when any person becomes, or ceases to be, a “controller” (as defined by applicable regulations to include significant shareholders, managing directors, and chief executives of the registered insurer or its parent company) of any Bermuda registered insurer or an “officer” (as defined by applicable regulations) of any Bermuda registered insurer or its parent company. We must also file with the BMA any changes to an “officer” or “controller” (as such are defined by applicable regulations) of our insurance managers. All registered insurers, and in certain limited cases insurance groups, are required to give notice to the BMA of their intention to effect a material change within the meaning of the Insurance Act. Capital, Solvency, and Liquidity Requirements Certain solvency requirements apply to all Bermuda companies under the Bermuda Companies Act 1981. Additional requirements apply to insurance companies and insurance groups. At the group level, the value of the insurance group’s statutory assets must exceed the amount of the insurance group’s statutory liabilities by the group minimum solvency margin. At the entity level, where applicable, a general business insurer’s statutory assets must exceed its statutory liabilities by an amount equal to or greater than the prescribed minimum solvency margin. The minimum solvency margin is determined on the basis of registration category and the net premiums written and loss reserves posted. Additional regulations apply to the determination of the types of capital instruments that may be used to satisfy the solvency requirements. RenaissanceRe and certain of our Bermuda-registered insurers are also generally required to maintain available statutory economic capital and surplus at a level at least equal to their enhanced capital requirement, which level may be adjusted by the BMA. The BMA has established a target capital level applicable to certain registration categories, and to insurance groups, equal to 120% of the applicable ECR. Failure to maintain statutory capital at least equal to the target capital level would likely result in increased BMA regulatory oversight. An insurer engaged in general business is generally required to maintain a minimum liquidity ratio equal to the value of its relevant assets at not less than 75% of the amount of its relevant liabilities. Restrictions on Dividends, Distributions and Reductions of Capital Our Bermuda-registered insurers are generally prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends, if declaring or paying such dividend would cause them to fail to meet the required minimum solvency margin or minimum liquidity ratio, or if certain solvency requirements are not met. Additional restrictions apply to any dividend and any reduction in statutory capital over applicable thresholds. Income Taxes Through December 31, 2024, neither we nor our shareholders were required to pay Bermuda income or profits tax, withholding tax, capital gains tax, capital transfer tax, estate duty or inheritance tax in respect of our shares. However, on December 27, 2023, the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 was enacted. As a result, certain Bermuda businesses which are part of large multinational groups became subject to a 15% corporate income tax in Bermuda for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025, regardless of any assurance given pursuant to the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966. Our profits generated on or after January 1, 2025 in Bermuda, except for profits earned by our joint ventures and managed funds, are subject to the 15% corporate income tax. Additional Rules and Regulations Certain of our Bermuda-registered entities are subject to additional regulatory requirements, including the following: • Insurance Code of Conduct. Bermuda registered insurers are required to comply with the BMA’s Insurance Code of Conduct, which establishes duties, requirements and standards regarding sound corporate governance, risk management and internal controls. 21 • Special Purpose Insurer and Collateralized Insurer Reporting Requirements. Unlike other (re)insurers, SPIs and collateralized insurers are fully funded to meet their (re)insurance obligations; therefore, the application and supervision processes are less burdensome than traditional registered general business insurers. However, these entities remain subject to annual financial statements and solvency reporting and disclosure requirements. Collateralized insurers are also subject to minimum solvency and enhanced capital requirements. • Insurance Manager Reporting Requirements . Insurance managers are required to report to the BMA information regarding their management and operations, as well as certain events, for example, a failure to comply with a condition imposed upon it by the BMA. • Economic Substance Act. Every Bermuda registered entity, other than an entity which is resident for tax purposes in certain jurisdictions outside Bermuda, engaged in a relevant activity (which includes, but is not limited to insurance, fund management, financing and leasing, and holding entity activities) and from which it earns gross revenue in a relevant financial period must satisfy economic substance requirements by maintaining a substantial economic presence in Bermuda, and certain of our entities incorporated in Bermuda are subject to annual reporting obligations regarding this requirement. • Policyholder Priority . The Insurance Amendment (No. 2) Act 2018 provides that, subject to the prior payment of preferential debts under the Employment Act 2000 and the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, the insurance debts of an insurer must be paid in priority to all other unsecured debts of the insurer. • Investment Fund Regulation. The Bermuda Investment Funds Act 2006 sets standards applicable to the establishment and operation of investment funds in Bermuda with a view to protecting investors. Each of our managed funds, including Medici and Upsilon Fund is registered or authorized under the Investment Funds Act and are supervised funds regulated by the BMA. Under the Investment Funds Act, registered funds and authorized funds are subject to offering disclosure requirements and obligations with respect to service providers, depositary functions, safekeeping obligations, valuations, and reporting to investors and the public, among other requirements. • Investment Business Regulation. RFM operates under a Standard License, and AlphaCat Managers is registered as a Class B Registered Person under the Bermuda Investment Business Act 2003. As a result, RFM and AlphaCat Managers are subject to supervision by the BMA, including disclosure and reporting requirements and, in the case of RFM, minimum net asset and liquidity requirements. U.S. Regulation Overview Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is a Maryland-domiciled insurer licensed or accredited as a reinsurer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. It is also a certified reinsurer with the U.S. Treasury. Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is subject to considerable regulation and supervision by state insurance regulators. State insurance departments regulate insurer solvency, authorized investments, loss and loss adjustment expense and unearned premium reserves, cybersecurity, and deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders. They also conduct periodic examinations and require the filing of annual and other reports relating to the financial condition of companies and other matters. The MIA, as Renaissance Reinsurance U.S.’s domestic regulator, is the primary financial regulator of Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. RREAG, US Branch is in runoff, but is still subject to supervision by the NYDFS and remains subject to many of the regulations described below. Holding Company Regulation We are subject to the insurance holding company laws of Maryland, which require Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. to file certain reports concerning its capital structure, ownership, financial condition, general business operations, and material risks with the MIA. Generally, all affiliate transactions involving Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. must be fair and reasonable and, if material or of specified types, require prior notice to and approval or non-disapproval by the MIA. 22 Disclosure and Reporting Requirements Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is required to file various detailed reports, including annual and quarterly financial statements in accordance with prescribed statutory accounting rules, with regulatory officials in the jurisdictions in which it conducts business. In addition, the Risk Management and Own Risk Solvency and Assessment Act requires Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. and RREAG, US Branch to: (i) maintain a risk management framework for identifying, assessing, monitoring, managing, and reporting its material and relevant risks; (ii) complete an ORSA at least once each year and at any time there is a significant change to the risk profile of the entity or its holding company system; and (iii) submit an ORSA summary report to the MIA at not more than each year. Capital and Surplus Requirements Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is required to meet certain minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements under Maryland law, including risk-based capital requirements, and to submit an annual report regarding its risk-based capital levels to the MIA. As of December 31, 2025, we believe Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. exceeded all applicable Maryland minimum capital and surplus requirements. Restrictions on Dividends and Distributions Maryland law places limitations on the amounts of dividends or distributions payable by Renaissance Reinsurance U.S., including the requirement that any “extraordinary dividends” require certain regulatory notices and approvals (or non-disapprovals) and must be paid out of earned surplus. Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. must also provide notice to the MIA of payment of ordinary dividends. Acquisition of Control Any person seeking to acquire “control” (which presumptively includes holders of 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities) of a Maryland-domestic insurer or of an entity that directly or indirectly controls a Maryland-domestic insurer, must provide advance notice to and obtain approval of, the MIA. Therefore, any investor who intends to acquire 10% or more of RenaissanceRe’s outstanding voting securities may need to comply with these laws and would be required to file statements and reports with the MIA before such acquisition. In addition, any existing controlling person of a Maryland-domestic insurer seeking to divest its controlling interest in the insurer must file with the MIA a confidential notice of the proposed divestiture at least 30 days prior to the cessation of control (unless a person acquiring control from the divesting party has filed notice of the proposed acquisition of control with the Commissioner). RREAG, US Branch The U.S. casualty portfolio of RREAG, US Branch was transferred to Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. in 2019. The remaining property and specialty business portfolio of RREAG, US Branch will be runoff until all liabilities are extinguished, a process that we expect to take several years. RREAG, US Branch is licensed in New York and Kansas and it is an accredited reinsurer in 48 states, and the District of Columbia. The NYDFS is RREAG, US Branch’s insurance regulator in the U.S. RREAG, US Branch is subject to New York’s holding company laws as well as laws and regulations pertaining to solvency, capital and surplus, authorized investments, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, cybersecurity, corporate governance and the financial risks related to climate-related risk, such as climate change. As of December 31, 2025, we believe RREAG, US Branch exceeded all applicable minimum capital and surplus requirements. The NYDFS may conduct periodic examinations of RREAG, US Branch and requires the filing of annual and other reports relating to RREAG, US Branch’s financial condition and risk-based capital levels. RREAG, US Branch does not pay ordinary dividends and would need approval from the NYDFS for any return of capital to RREAG. Reinsurance Regulation The insurance laws of each U.S. state indirectly regulate the sale of reinsurance to licensed ceding insurers by non-admitted alien reinsurers acting from locations outside the state through the state’s credit for reinsurance laws. With some exceptions, the sale of insurance within a jurisdiction where the insurer is not admitted to do business is prohibited. 23 Although reinsurance contract terms and rates are generally not subject to regulation by state insurance authorities, a U.S. insurance company ordinarily will enter into a reinsurance agreement only if it can obtain credit on its statutory financial statements for the reinsurance ceded. State insurance regulators permit U.S. ceding insurers to take credit for reinsurance ceded to non-admitted, non-U.S. reinsurers, or “alien reinsurers,” if the reinsurance contract contains certain minimum provisions and the alien reinsurer provides appropriate security for its outstanding obligations. The amount of security that an alien reinsurer may be required to provide and the form of that security varies significantly and depends on an alien reinsurer’s financial strength and its status in a given U.S. state. As alien reinsurers, Renaissance Reinsurance, DaVinci Reinsurance, Fontana US, RREAG, RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S., and Vermeer have each been approved by one or more U.S. states as a “Certified Reinsurer” or “Reciprocal Jurisdiction Reinsurer,” which permits it to post reduced or zero security, respectively, while still allowing its cedants to take financial statement credit for the reinsurance. Federal Oversight and Other Government Intervention Although generally the insurance industry is not directly regulated by the federal government, federal legislation and initiatives can affect the industry and our business. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Federal Insurance Office, which performs various functions with respect to insurance, including the submission of reports to Congress that could ultimately lead to changes in the regulation of insurers and reinsurers in the U.S., and has preemption authority over state insurance laws that conflict with certain international agreements. The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the U.S. Treasury and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative to enter into international agreements of mutual recognition regarding the prudential regulation of insurance or reinsurance, or “covered agreements” that address insurance prudential measures and credit for reinsurance. U.K. Regulation Overview RenaissanceRe’s principle risk taking balance sheets in the U.K. are Syndicate 1458 at Lloyd’s, which is managed by RSML and RREAG, UK Branch. The PRA and the FCA regulate all financial services firms in the U.K. including the Lloyd’s market, RSML and RREAG, UK Branch, and have substantial powers of intervention in relation to regulated firms. Under the Lloyd’s Acts, the Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for regulating and directing underwriting at Lloyd’s. Co-operation agreements between Lloyd’s and the FCA and the PRA set out, amongst other things, the co-operation and information sharing between Lloyd’s. If it appears to either the PRA or the FCA that either Lloyd’s is not fulfilling its delegated regulatory responsibilities or that managing agents are not complying with the applicable law and regulation, the PRA or the FCA may intervene in the regulation of individuals and entities operating at Lloyd’s and impose penalties or sanctions for non-compliance or misconduct. Lloyd’s Regulation The operations of RSML are subject to oversight by Lloyd’s, substantially effected through the Council of Lloyd’s. RSML’s business plan for Syndicate 1458, including maximum underwriting capacity, requires annual approval by Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s may require changes to any business plan presented to it or additional capital to be provided to support the underwriting plan. We have deposited certain assets with Lloyd’s to support the underwriting business at Lloyd’s of RenaissanceRe CCL, the sole corporate member of Syndicate 1458. RenaissanceRe also participates in the writing of other syndicates at Lloyd’s (managed by third-party managing agents) through RenaissanceRe Corporate Member (No. 2) Limited. The obligations of RenaissanceRe’s corporate members of Lloyd’s include the following: • Capital Requirements. The underwriting capacity of a member of Lloyd’s must be supported by providing a deposit, referred to as “Funds at Lloyd’s” or “FAL,” in an amount determined on the basis of such entity’s solvency and capital requirements. The amount of such deposit is calculated for each member through the completion of an annual capital adequacy exercise. In addition, if the FAL are not sufficient to cover all losses, the Lloyd’s Central Fund provides an additional level of security for policyholders. Dividends from a Lloyd’s managing agent and a Lloyd’s corporate 24 member can be declared and paid provided the relevant company has sufficient profits available for distribution. • Ratings . The financial security of the Lloyd’s market as a whole is regularly assessed by three independent rating agencies (A.M. Best, S&P and Fitch). Syndicates at Lloyd’s take their financial security rating from the rating of the Lloyd’s market. • Intervention Powers . The Council of Lloyd’s has wide discretionary powers to regulate members’ underwriting at Lloyd’s, including, the power to withdraw a member’s permission to underwrite business or to underwrite a particular class of business and to change the basis on which syndicate expenses are allocated. • Assessments. If the Council of Lloyd’s determines that additional resources are required for the Central Fund, it may require underwriting members to make additional contributions, including by calling all or part of members’ “callable contributions,” the level and calculation basis of which is set by the Council of Lloyd’s from time to time. Disclosure and Reporting Requirements RSML is required to provide Lloyd’s with annual financial statements for Syndicate 1458. These financial statements are then published and made publicly available by Lloyd’s on the Lloyd’s website. Capital and Surplus Requirements Following “Brexit,” with effect from December 31, 2024, the capital adequacy of insurers and reinsurers in the U.K., including Syndicates at Lloyd’s is determined under the PRA’s prudential regime for insurers commonly referred to as “Solvency UK.” Solvency UK reforms the PRA’s previous prudential regulation framework, Solvency II, which was established by EU law and transposed into U.K. law. Under Solvency UK, an insurer’s or reinsurer’s capital adequacy in relation to various insurance and business risks may be measured with an internal model developed by the insurer or reinsurer and approved for use by the PRA. RREAG, UK Branch is not required to hold capital at the branch level. In light of this and related matters, the PRA granted various modifications and waivers to RREAG, UK Branch from its Solvency UK regulatory reporting requirements. Lloyd’s is subject to an annual PRA solvency test which measures whether Lloyd’s has sufficient assets in the aggregate to meet all outstanding liabilities of its members, both current and run-off. If Lloyd’s fails this test, the PRA may require the entire Lloyd’s market to cease underwriting or individual Lloyd’s members may be required to cease or reduce their underwriting. Change of Control Prior approval from the PRA (with consent from the FCA) and Lloyd’s is required before any person or entity, together with its associates, acquires “control” of a regulated insurer, reinsurer, or Lloyd’s managing agent and prior approval is required from Lloyd’s in respect of a corporate member. Any company or individual that, together with its or his associates, acquires or controls 10% or more of the shares or voting power in a regulated insurer, reinsurer, Lloyd’s managing agent, or corporate member or its parent company, would be considered to have acquired control for these purposes, as would a person who had significant influence over the management of such entity or its parent company by virtue of their shareholding or voting power in either. A purchaser of 10% or more of RenaissanceRe’s common shares or voting power would therefore be considered to have acquired control of RSML or RenaissanceRe CCL. Swiss Regulation Overview RREAG is a reinsurance company licensed and supervised by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, or FINMA. As such, RREAG must comply with Swiss insurance supervisory law and regulations applicable to reinsurers. RREAG maintains branch operations in Australia, Bermuda, the U.K. and the U.S., each in accordance with applicable local regulations. In addition, the group affiliate 25 RenaissanceRe Services of Switzerland AG must comply with applicable provisions of the Swiss Financial Services Act to continue its distribution activities for insurance-linked securities. Adequacy of Financial Resources RREAG must comply with capital, solvency, and reserve requirements, such as the Swiss Solvency Test, or SST, under applicable Swiss regulations, including the Insurance Supervision Act and the Insurance Supervision Ordinance. Certain of these requirements may be determined by FINMA. The solvency requirement of the SST is met if the available risk-bearing capital exceeds the required target capital. The SST has been recognized by the EU as an equivalent standard to European standards. At December 31, 2025, we believe RREAG exceeded the minimum solvency and capital requirements required to be maintained under Swiss law. These and other regulations limit the amount of capital that RREAG may distribute to its holding company parent. Additional Regulatory Requirements RREAG is subject to additional regulatory requirements under Swiss law, including the following: • Reporting and Disclosure Requirements. RREAG is required to submit an annual report (including audited financial statements and a management report), FCR, an annual supervisory report, and a forward-looking self-assessment of its risk situation and capital requirements, or ORSA, to FINMA each year. RREAG is also required to maintain and update with FINMA a regulatory business plan, including details on their organization, financials, qualified participants, management, oversight, control persons, and responsible actuary. RREAG must notify FINMA of any changes to its business plan, and FINMA is required to approve certain changes. • Dividends and Distributions. RREAG may only distribute dividends out of its retained earnings or distributable reserves based on the audited annual accounts. Any distribution of dividends may be subject to the approval of FINMA (as a change of the regulatory business plan) if they have a bearing on the solvency of the reinsurer and/or the interests of the insured. Change of Control Any person who intends to directly or indirectly participate in RREAG with a participation reaching or exceeding the thresholds of 10% of the capital or voting rights in RREAG must notify FINMA. Moreover, any participant of RREAG must notify FINMA if it changes its participation to cross below certain thresholds of the capital or voting rights in RREAG. Irish Regulation Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe DAC is a non-life insurance company licensed and supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland. As such, it is subject to the requirements of Solvency II. It must also comply with Irish insurance acts and regulations as well as with directions and guidance issued by the CBI. Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe DAC and Renaissance Services of Europe Ltd., our Dublin-based Irish service company, are both registered with the Companies Registration Office in Ireland and subject to the Companies Act 2014. RenaissanceRe Medici ICAV is an Irish collective asset-management vehicle established pursuant to the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 and the European Communities (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2011. The ICAV is authorized by the CBI as an umbrella fund with segregated liability between sub-funds. Additional Regulation Certain of our other branches and affiliated entities are subject to regulation in other jurisdictions, including those described below. We do not regard the effect of these regulations to be material to us at this time. • Singapore : Branches of Renaissance Reinsurance and DaVinci Reinsurance based in the Republic of Singapore have each received a license to carry on insurance business as a general reinsurer and are regulated by ACRA as a foreign company pursuant to Singapore’s Companies Act. 26 Renaissance Services of Asia Pte. Ltd., our Singapore-based service company, is registered with ACRA and subject to Singapore’s Companies Act. • Australia : RREAG, Australia Branch, based in Sydney, Australia, provides coverage to insurers and reinsurers, principally, from Australia and New Zealand. The activities of RREAG, Australia Branch are licensed and regulated by APRA and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Pursuant to these regulations, RREAG, Australia Branch is subject to certain reporting and capital requirements in Australia. 27 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS “2024 Large Loss Events” Hurricanes Milton and Helene, and the Other 2024 Large Loss Events “2025 Large Loss Events” a series of wildfires that burned throughout southern California in January 2025 (the “California Wildfires”), Hurricane Melissa and the Other 2025 Large Loss Events “ACR” additional case reserves “AIG” American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation and NYSE-listed company (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries) “AlphaCat Funds” collectively, certain third-party closed-end and open-end Bermuda mutual funds and one managed account that are managed by AlphaCat Managers. “AlphaCat Managers” AlphaCat Managers Ltd. “AlphaCat Re” AlphaCat Reinsurance Ltd. “A.M. Best” A.M. Best Company, Inc. “ACRA” Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority “APRA” Australian Prudential Regulation Authority “ASC” Accounting Standards Codification “Baltimore Bridge Collapse” the collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore following a collision with a cargo ship in March 2024 “BEPS” Base Erosion and Profit Shifting “BMA” Bermuda Monetary Authority “Board” the Board of Directors of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. “BSCR” Bermuda solvency and capital requirement “CIT” Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 “Code of Ethics” RenaissanceRe’s Code of Ethics and Conduct “ComFrame” Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups “DaVinci” DaVinciRe Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries “DaVinci Reinsurance” DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd. “ECR” Enhanced Capital Requirement “ERM” enterprise risk management “EU” European Union “Exchange Act” the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended “FAL” a deposit that must be submitted to support the underwriting capacity of a member of Lloyd’s “FASB” Financial Accounting Standards Board “FCA” U.K. Financial Conduct Authority “FCR” financial condition report “FINMA” Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority “Fitch” Fitch Ratings Ltd. “Fontana” Fontana Holdings L.P. and its subsidiaries “Fontana Re” Fontana Reinsurance Ltd. “Fontana US” Fontana Reinsurance U.S. Ltd. “Form 10-K” this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 “GAAP” generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. “GloBE Rules” global anti-base erosion model rules, approved by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS “IAIG” Internationally Active Insurance Groups “IAIS” International Association of Insurance Supervisors 28 “IBNR” incurred but not reported “Insurance Act” Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 “MIA” Maryland Insurance Administration “Medici” RenaissanceRe Medici Fund Ltd. “Medici UCITS” RenaissanceRe Medici UCITS Fund “Moody’s” Moody’s Investors Service “NOC1” NOC1, a segregated account of Upsilon Fund “NYDFS” New York State Department of Financial Services “NYSE” New York Stock Exchange “OECD” Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development “OFAC” U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control “ORSA” Own Risk and Solvency Assessment “Other 2024 Large Loss Events” the Baltimore Bridge Collapse, a series of severe convective storms impacting the Southern and Midwest United States, the Hualien earthquake which impacted Taiwan in April 2024, a severe hailstorm which impacted Calgary in August 2024, Hurricanes Debby and Beryl, and certain aggregate loss contracts triggered during 2024 “Other 2025 Large Loss Events” the crash of American Airlines flight 5342, certain refinery fires in the first quarter of 2025, the crash of UPS Airlines flight 2976, and the Grasberg mine landslide “PFIC” passive foreign investment company “PGGM” PGGM Vermogensbeheer B.V. “Pillar II Rules” the GloBE Rules and the OECD commentary and administrative guidance interpreting and expanding the GloBE Rules “Platinum” Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd. “PRA” U.K. Prudential Regulatory Authority “Proxy Statement” Proxy Statement for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2026 “REMS©” Renaissance Exposure Management System “Renaissance Reinsurance” Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd. “Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe DAC” Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe Designated Activity Company “Renaissance Reinsurance U.S.” Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. Inc. “RenaissanceRe” RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. “RenaissanceRe CCL” RenaissanceRe Corporate Capital (UK) Limited “RenaissanceRe Finance” RenaissanceRe Finance Inc. “RenaissanceRe Group” RenaissanceRe group of companies “RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S.” RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S. Ltd. “RFM” RenaissanceRe Fund Management Ltd. “RREAG” RenaissanceRe Europe AG “RREAG, Australia Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, Australia Branch “RREAG, Bermuda Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, Bermuda Branch, an overseas company that has been granted a permit from the Minister of Finance to engage in or carry on any trade or business pursuant to the Companies Act and which is also registered to carry on insurance business as a Class 4 insurer pursuant to the Insurance Act in Bermuda “RREAG, UK Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, UK Branch “RREAG, US Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, US Branch “RSML” RenaissanceRe Syndicate Management Ltd. 29 “RUM” Renaissance Underwriting Managers, Ltd. “S&P” Standard and Poor’s Rating Services “SEC” U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission “Securities Act” Securities Act of 1933, as amended “SPI” special purpose insurer “SST” Swiss Solvency Test “State Farm” State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company “Stock Purchase Agreement” Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2023, among RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and AIG, as amended “Stratos” Stratos, a segregated account of Upsilon Fund “Syndicate 1458” RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458 “TMR” collectively, Tokio Millennium Re AG and certain associated entities and subsidiaries “Top Layer” Top Layer Reinsurance Ltd. “Tower Hill Companies” collectively, our investments in a group of Tower Hill affiliated companies including Bluegrass Insurance Management, LLC, Tower Hill Claims Service, LLC, Tower Hill Holdings, Inc., Tower Hill Insurance Group, LLC, Tower Hill Insurance Managers, LLC, Tower Hill Re Holdings, Inc., Tower Hill Risk Management LLC and Tomoka Re Holdings, Inc. “U.K.” United Kingdom “U.S. persons” a citizen or resident of the United States, a U.S. partnership or corporation, or an estate or trust that is not a foreign estate or trust “U.S. Treasury” U.S. Department of the Treasury “U.S.” United States of America “Upsilon” collectively, Upsilon Fund and Upsilon RFO “Upsilon Diversified” RenaissanceRe Upsilon Diversified Fund, a segregated account of Upsilon Fund “Upsilon Fund” RenaissanceRe Upsilon Fund Ltd. “Upsilon RFO” Upsilon RFO Re Ltd. “Validus” Validus Holdings, Validus Specialty, and their respective subsidiaries that were acquired in the Validus Acquisition (including Validus Re and Validus Holdings (UK) Ltd), collectively “Validus Acquisition” The acquisitions under the Stock Purchase Agreement, together with the other transactions contemplated in the Stock Purchase Agreement. “Validus Re” Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. “Validus Switzerland” Validus Reinsurance (Switzerland) Ltd “Vermeer” Vermeer Reinsurance Ltd. “VIE” variable interest entity 30 GLOSSARY OF SELECTED (RE)INSURANCE TERMS Accident year Year of occurrence of a loss. Claim payments and reserves for claims and claim expenses are allocated to the year in which the loss occurred for losses occurring contracts and in the year the loss was reported for claims made contracts. Acquisition expenses The aggregate expenses incurred by a company for acquiring new business, including commissions, underwriting expenses, premium taxes and administrative expenses. Additional case reserves; ACR Additional case reserves represent management’s estimate of reserves for claims and claim expenses that are allocated to specific contracts, less paid and reported losses by the client. Attachment point The dollar amount of loss (per occurrence or in the aggregate, as the case may be) above which excess of loss reinsurance becomes operative. Bordereaux A report providing premium or loss data with respect to identified specific risks. This report is periodically furnished to a reinsurer by the ceding insurers or reinsurers. Bound A (re)insurance contract is considered bound, and the (re)insurer responsible for the risks of the contract, when both parties agree to the terms and conditions set forth in the contract. Broker An intermediary who negotiates contracts of insurance or reinsurance, receiving a commission for placement and other services rendered, between (1) a policy holder and a primary insurer, on behalf of the insured party, (2) a primary insurer and reinsurer, on behalf of the primary insurer, or (3) a reinsurer and a retrocessionaire, on behalf of the reinsurer. Capacity The percentage of surplus, or the dollar amount of exposure, that an insurer or reinsurer is willing or able to place at risk. Capacity may apply to a single risk, a program, a line of business or an entire book of business. Capacity may be constrained by legal restrictions, corporate restrictions or indirect restrictions. Case reserves Loss reserves, established with respect to specific, individual reported claims. Casualty insurance or reinsurance Insurance or reinsurance that is primarily concerned with the losses caused by injuries to third persons and their property (in other words, persons other than the policyholder) and the legal liability imposed on the insured resulting therefrom. Also referred to as liability insurance. Catastrophe A severe loss, typically involving multiple claimants. Common perils include earthquakes, hurricanes, hailstorms, severe winter weather, floods, fires, tornadoes, typhoons, explosions and other natural or man-made disasters. Catastrophe losses may also arise from acts of war, acts of terrorism and political instability. Catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance A form of excess of loss reinsurance that, subject to a specified limit, indemnifies the ceding company for the amount of loss in excess of a specified retention with respect to an accumulation of losses resulting from a “catastrophe.” Catastrophe-linked securities; cat-linked securities Cat-linked securities are generally privately placed fixed income securities where all or a portion of the repayment of the principal is linked to catastrophic events. This includes securities where the repayment is linked to the occurrence and/or size of, for example, one or more hurricanes or earthquakes, or insured industry losses associated with these catastrophic events. Cede; cedant; ceding company When a party reinsures its liability with another, it “cedes” business and is referred to as the “cedant” or “ceding company.” 31 Claim Request by an insured or reinsured for indemnification by an insurance company or a reinsurance company for losses incurred from an insured peril or event. Claims made contracts Contracts that cover claims for losses occurring during a specified period that are reported during the term of the contract. Claims and claim expense ratio, net The ratio of net claims and claim expenses to net premiums earned determined in accordance with either statutory accounting principles or GAAP. Claim reserves Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect the estimated costs of claim payments and the related expenses that the insurer or reinsurer will ultimately be required to pay in respect of insurance or reinsurance policies it has issued. Claims reserves consist of case reserves, established with respect to individual reported claims, additional case reserves and “IBNR” reserves. For reinsurers, loss expense reserves are generally not significant because substantially all of the loss expenses associated with particular claims are incurred by the primary insurer and reported to reinsurers as losses. Combined ratio The combined ratio is the sum of the net claims and claim expense ratio and the underwriting expense ratio. A combined ratio below 100% generally indicates profitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income. A combined ratio over 100% generally indicates unprofitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income. Delegated authority A contractual arrangement between an insurer or reinsurer and an agent whereby the agent is authorized to bind insurance or reinsurance on behalf of the insurer or reinsurer. The authority is normally limited to a particular class or classes of business and a particular territory. The exercise of the authority to bind insurance or reinsurance is normally subject to underwriting guidelines and other restrictions such as maximum premium income. Under the delegated authority, the agent is responsible for issuing policy documentation, the collection of premium and may also be responsible for the settlement of claims. Excess of loss reinsurance or insurance Reinsurance or insurance that indemnifies the reinsured or insured against all or a specified portion of losses on underlying insurance policies in excess of a specified amount, which is called a “level” or “retention.” Also known as non-proportional reinsurance. Excess of loss reinsurance is written in layers. A reinsurer or group of reinsurers accepts a layer of coverage up to a specified amount. The total coverage purchased by the cedant is referred to as a “program” and will typically be placed with predetermined reinsurers in pre-negotiated layers. Any liability exceeding the outer limit of the program reverts to the ceding company, which also bears the credit risk of a reinsurer’s insolvency. Exclusions Those risks, perils, or classes of insurance with respect to which the reinsurer will not pay loss or provide reinsurance, notwithstanding the other terms and conditions of reinsurance. Expense override An amount paid to a ceding company in addition to the acquisition cost to compensate for overhead expenses. Frequency The number of claims occurring during a given coverage period. Funds at Lloyd’s Funds of an approved form that are lodged and held in trust at Lloyd’s as security for a member’s underwriting activities. They comprise the members’ deposit, personal reserve fund and special reserve fund and may be drawn down in the event that the member’s syndicate level premium trust funds are insufficient to cover its liabilities. The amount of the deposit is related to the member’s premium income limit and also the nature of the underwriting account. 32 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States Accounting principles as set forth in the statements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and related guidance, which are applicable in the circumstances as of the date in question. Gross premiums written Total premiums for insurance written and assumed reinsurance during a given period. Incurred but not reported; IBNR Reserves for estimated losses that have been incurred by insureds and reinsureds but not yet reported to the insurer or reinsurer, including unknown future developments on losses that are known to the insurer or reinsurer. Insurance-linked securities Financial instruments whose values are driven by (re)insurance loss events. Our investments in insurance-linked securities are generally linked to property losses due to natural catastrophes. International Financial Reporting Standards Accounting principles, standards and interpretations as set forth in opinions of the International Accounting Standards Board which are applicable in the circumstances as of the date in question. Layer The interval between the retention or attachment point and the maximum limit of indemnity for which a reinsurer is responsible. Line The amount of excess of loss reinsurance protection provided to an insurer or another reinsurer, often referred to as limit. Line of business The general classification of insurance written by insurers and reinsurers, e.g. , fire, allied lines, homeowners and surety, among others. Lloyd’s Depending on the context, this term may refer to (a) the society of individual and corporate underwriting members that insure and reinsure risks as members of one or more syndicates (i.e., Lloyd’s is not an insurance company); (b) the underwriting room in the Lloyd’s building in which managing agents underwrite insurance and reinsurance on behalf of their syndicate members (in this sense Lloyd’s should be understood as a market place); or (c) the Corporation of Lloyd’s which regulates and provides support services to the Lloyd’s market. Loss; losses An occurrence that is the basis for submission and/or payment of a claim. Whether losses are covered, limited or excluded from coverage is dependent on the terms of the policy. Loss reserve For an individual loss, an estimate of the amount the insurer expects to pay for the reported claim. For total losses, estimates of expected payments for reported and unreported claims. These may include amounts for claims expenses. Managing agent An underwriting agent which has permission from Lloyd’s to manage a syndicate and carry on underwriting and other functions for a member. Net claims and claim expenses The expenses of settling claims, net of recoveries, including legal and other fees and the portion of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs (also known as claim adjustment expenses or loss adjustment expenses) plus losses incurred with respect to net claims. Net claims and claim expense ratio Net claims and claim expenses incurred expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Net premiums earned The portion of net premiums written during or prior to a given period that was actually recognized as income during such period. Net premiums written Gross premiums written for a given period less premiums ceded to reinsurers and retrocessionaires during such period. Perils This term refers to the causes of possible loss in the property field, such as fire, windstorm, collision, hail, etc. In the casualty field, the term “hazard” is more frequently used. 33 Profit commission A provision found in some reinsurance agreements that provides for profit sharing. Parties agree to a formula for calculating profit, an allowance for the reinsurer’s expenses, and the cedant’s share of such profit after expenses. Property insurance or reinsurance Insurance or reinsurance that provides coverage to a person with an insurable interest in tangible property for that person’s property loss, damage or loss of use. Property per risk Reinsurance on a treaty basis of individual property risks insured by a ceding company. Proportional reinsurance A generic term describing all forms of reinsurance in which the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the original premiums and losses of the reinsured. (Also known as pro rata reinsurance, quota share reinsurance or participating reinsurance.) In proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer generally pays the ceding company a ceding commission. The ceding commission generally is based on the ceding company’s cost of acquiring the business being reinsured (including commissions, premium taxes, assessments and miscellaneous administrative expense) and also may include a profit factor. See also “Quota Share Reinsurance.” Quota share reinsurance A form of proportional reinsurance in which the reinsurer assumes an agreed percentage of each insurance policy being reinsured and shares all premiums and losses accordingly with the reinsured. See also “Proportional Reinsurance.” Reinstatement premium The premium charged for the restoration of the reinsurance limit of a contract to its full amount after payment by the reinsurer of losses as a result of an occurrence. Reinsurance An arrangement in which an insurance company, the reinsurer, agrees to indemnify another insurance or reinsurance company, the ceding company, against all or a portion of the insurance or reinsurance risks underwritten by the ceding company under one or more policies. Reinsurance can provide a ceding company with several benefits, including a reduction in net liability on insurances and catastrophe protection from large or multiple losses. Reinsurance also provides a ceding company with additional underwriting capacity by permitting it to accept larger risks and write more business than would be possible without an equivalent increase in capital and surplus, and facilitates the maintenance of acceptable financial ratios by the ceding company. Reinsurance does not legally discharge the primary insurer from its liability with respect to its obligations to the insured. Reinsurance to Close Also referred to as a RITC, it is a contract to transfer the responsibility for discharging all the liabilities that attach to one year of account of a syndicate into a later year of account of the same or different syndicate in return for a premium. Retention The amount or portion of risk that an insurer retains for its own account. Losses in excess of the retention level are paid by the reinsurer. In proportional treaties, the retention may be a percentage of the original policy’s limit. In excess of loss business, the retention is a dollar amount of loss, a loss ratio or a percentage. Retrocedant A reinsurer who cedes all or a portion of its assumed insurance to another reinsurer. 34 Retrocessional reinsurance; Retrocessionaire A transaction whereby a reinsurer cedes to another reinsurer, the retrocessionaire, all or part of the reinsurance that the first reinsurer has assumed. Retrocessional reinsurance does not legally discharge the ceding reinsurer from its liability with respect to its obligations to the reinsured. Reinsurance companies cede risks to retrocessionaires for reasons similar to those that cause primary insurers to purchase reinsurance: to reduce net liability on insurances, to protect against catastrophic losses, to stabilize financial ratios and to obtain additional underwriting capacity. Risks A term used to denote the physical units of property at risk or the object of insurance protection that are not perils or hazards. Also defined as chance of loss or uncertainty of loss. Solvency II A set of regulatory requirements that codify and harmonize the EU insurance and reinsurance regulation. Among other things, these requirements impact the amount of capital that EU insurance and reinsurance companies are required to hold. Solvency II came into effect on January 1, 2016. Solvency UK A set of regulatory requirements that codify insurance and reinsurance regulation in the U.K. Among other things, these requirements determine the amount of capital that insurance and reinsurance companies in the U.K. are required to hold. Solvency UK came into effect on December 31, 2024. Specialty lines Lines of insurance and reinsurance that provide coverage for risks that are often unusual or difficult to place and do not fit the underwriting criteria of standard commercial products carriers. Statutory accounting principles Recording transactions and preparing financial statements in accordance with the rules and procedures prescribed or permitted by Bermuda, U.S. state insurance regulatory authorities including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and/or in accordance with Lloyd’s specific principles, all of which generally reflect a liquidating, rather than going concern, concept of accounting. Stop loss A form of reinsurance under which the reinsurer pays some or all of a cedant’s aggregate retained losses in excess of a predetermined dollar amount or in excess of a percentage of premium. Submission An unprocessed application for (i) insurance coverage forwarded to a primary insurer by a prospective policyholder or by a broker on behalf of such prospective policyholder, (ii) reinsurance coverage forwarded to a reinsurer by a prospective ceding insurer or by a broker or intermediary on behalf of such prospective ceding insurer or (iii) retrocessional coverage forwarded to a retrocessionaire by a prospective ceding reinsurer or by a broker or intermediary on behalf of such prospective ceding reinsurer. Surplus lines insurance Any type of coverage that cannot be placed with an insurer admitted to do business in a certain jurisdiction. Risks placed in excess and surplus lines markets are often substandard in respect to adverse loss experience, unusual, or unable to be placed in conventional markets due to a shortage of capacity. Syndicate A member or group of members underwriting (re)insurance business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a managing agent or substitute agent to which a syndicate number is assigned. Treaty A reinsurance agreement covering a book or class of business that is automatically accepted on a bulk basis by a reinsurer. A treaty contains common contract terms along with a specific risk definition, data on limit and retention, and provisions for premium and duration. Underwriting The insurer’s or reinsurer’s process of reviewing applications submitted for insurance coverage, deciding whether to accept all or part of the coverage requested and determining the applicable premiums. 35 Underwriting capacity The maximum amount that an insurance company can underwrite. The limit is generally determined by a company’s retained earnings and investment capital. Reinsurance serves to increase a company’s underwriting capacity by reducing its exposure from particular risks. Underwriting expense ratio The ratio of the sum of the acquisition expenses and operational expenses to net premiums earned. Underwriting expenses The aggregate of policy acquisition costs, including commissions, and the portion of administrative, general and other expenses attributable to underwriting operations. Unearned premium The portion of premiums written representing the unexpired portions of the policies or contracts that the insurer or reinsurer has on its books as of a certain date. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We maintain a website at www.renre.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We also make available, free of charge from our website, our Audit Committee Charter, Corporate Governance and Human Capital Management Committee Charter, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and Code of Ethics. Such information is also available in print for any shareholder who sends a request to RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Attn: Office of the Corporate Secretary, P.O. Box HM 2527, Hamilton, HMGX, Bermuda. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC’s website is www.sec.gov . ITEM 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and others with whom we do business, as well as with our Board. We cannot guarantee that the controls and procedures we or third parties have in place to protect or recover our systems and information will be effective, successful or sufficiently rapid to avoid harm to our business or reputation. We also maintain cybersecurity insurance, but such coverage may not cover all costs associated with a breach, interruption or widespread failure of our information technology systems. Security incidents and breaches involving the systems of third parties that have our information, or our system, have in the past and may in the future occur, exposing us to a risk of loss or misuse of our information, litigation, and potential liability. In addition, cyber incidents, such as ransomware attacks, that impact the availability, reliability, speed, accuracy or other proper functioning of our systems could have a significant impact on our operations and financial results. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to prevent, detect or stop a cyberattack. A significant cyber incident, including system failure, security breach, disruption by malware or other damage could interrupt or delay our operations, result in a violation of applicable cybersecurity and privacy and other laws, damage our reputation, cause a loss of customers or expose sensitive customer data, or give rise to monetary fines and other penalties, which could be significant. While management is not aware of any cybersecurity or information security incident or breach that has had a material effect on our operations, there can be no assurances that a cybersecurity incident that could have a material impact on us has not occurred or will not occur in the future. In addition, artificial intelligence technologies are quickly evolving and being adopted, which may increase or intensify potential cybersecurity risks. The cybersecurity regulatory environment is evolving, in particular with respect to emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, and it is likely that the costs of complying with new or developing regulatory requirements will increase. In addition, we operate in a number of jurisdictions with strict data privacy and other related laws, which could be violated in the event of a significant cybersecurity incident or in the event of noncompliance by our personnel. Failure to comply with these obligations can give rise to fines and other penalties, which could be significant. We also have exposure to cybersecurity risks through coverage that we write in our cyber line of business. See “Part I, Item 1C. Cybersecurity” for additional information related to information technology and cybersecurity. We may from time to time modify our business and strategic plan, and these changes could adversely affect us and our financial condition. We frequently monitor and analyze opportunities to acquire or make strategic investments in new or other businesses. The negotiation of potential acquisitions or strategic investments as well as the integration of an acquired business could be unsuccessful, result in a substantial diversion of management resources, or lead to other unanticipated risks or challenges. In addition, while our current business strategy focuses predominantly on writing reinsurance, we also write insurance business, such as excess and surplus lines insurance through delegated authority arrangements. Risks associated with implementing or changing our business strategies and initiatives, including risks related to developing or enhancing our operations, controls and other infrastructure, may not have an impact on our publicly reported results until many years 41 after implementation. Our failure to carry out our business plans may have an adverse effect on our long-term results of operations and financial condition. The covenants in our debt agreements limit our financial and operational flexibility, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. We have incurred indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. For more details, see “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capital Resources.” The agreements governing our indebtedness require us and/or certain subsidiaries to comply with covenants that impose financial or operational restrictions, including requirements to maintain specific financial ratios or contain cross-default provisions to our other indebtedness. Failure to comply with these or other covenants could result in an event of default, an acceleration of repayment obligations, cross-default, or a loss of borrowing capacity if not cured or waived. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. The determination of impairments taken is highly subjective and could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. The determination of impairments taken on our investments, investments in other ventures, goodwill and other intangible assets and loans varies by type of asset and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. We cannot assure you that we have accurately assessed the level of impairments taken in our financial statements. Furthermore, management may determine that impairments are needed in future periods and any such impairment will be recorded in the period in which it occurs, which could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments. Risks Related to the Economic Environment A decline in our investment performance could reduce our profitability and capital resources. We have historically derived a meaningful portion of our income from our invested assets, which are principally comprised of fixed maturity securities. Accordingly, our financial results are subject to a variety of investment risks, including risks relating to general economic conditions, inflation, market volatility, interest rate fluctuations, foreign currency risk, commodity risk, liquidity risk and credit and default risk. Volatility in global financial markets has impacted, and may continue to impact, the value of our investment portfolio and our strategic investments. Additionally, some of our investments are subject to prepayment or reinvestment risk. Our investment portfolio also includes securities with longer durations, which may be more susceptible to risks such as inflation. Changes in various factors, including prevailing interest rates and credit spreads may cause fluctuations in the market value of our fixed maturity investments. While the Federal Reserve reduced the federal funds target rate in 2025, further increases in interest rates could cause the market value of our investment portfolio to decrease, which could reduce our capital resources over the near-to medium-term. Conversely, any decline in interest rates could reduce our investment yield and net investment income, which would reduce our overall profitability over the medium- to long-term. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental and monetary policies, inflation levels, domestic and international economic and political conditions, and other factors beyond our control. A portion of our investment portfolio is allocated to other classes of investments including equity securities, catastrophe bonds, commodity derivatives, and interests in alternative investment vehicles such as private equity investments, private credit investments and hedge funds. For certain investments, under stressed financial conditions, the valuation on our consolidated balance sheets may differ significantly from the values that would be used if ready markets existed for the securities representing interests in the relevant investment vehicles. If we were to sell these assets (which may be necessary if we need liquidity to pay claims), it may be at significantly lower prices than we have recorded them. Furthermore, our interests in some of the investment classes described above are subject to restrictions on redemptions and sales that limit our ability to liquidate these investments in the short term. The performance of these classes of 42 investments is also dependent on individual investment managers and investment strategies. It is possible that these investment managers managing these investments will leave, the investment strategies will become ineffective or that the managers will fail to follow our investment guidelines. Our investment portfolio may become concentrated in a limited number of issuers or have significant exposure to certain geographic areas, economic sectors or economic scenarios. Concentration of investments can increase investment risk and portfolio volatility. Any of the foregoing could result in a decline in our investment performance and capital resources, and accordingly, adversely affect our financial results. We may be adversely impacted by inflation. The principal markets in which we operate are susceptible to monetary inflation, which could cause loss costs to increase, impact the performance of our investment portfolio, and borrowing costs to increase. We believe the risks of inflation across our key markets are broadly balanced following a reduction in inflation in the United States and elsewhere. In particular, widespread economic factors such as government deficit spending, wage increases and supply chain disruptions have contributed to, and may continue to contribute to, significant inflationary pressures. The impact of inflation on loss costs could be more pronounced for those lines of business that are long tail in nature, as they require a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims. Changes in the level of inflation may also result in an increased level of uncertainty in our estimation of loss reserves, particularly for long tail lines of business, and may require us to strengthen reserves, with a corresponding reduction in our net income in the period in which the deficiency is identified. Unanticipated higher inflation could also lead to higher interest rates, which would decrease or create volatility in the value of our fixed income securities and potentially other investments. Higher inflation may lead to currency fluctuations, and we have in the past, and may in the future, experience increased volatility on foreign exchange gains and losses in our consolidated financial statements as a result. If inflation remains elevated for a prolonged period or increases further, any of the risks described above could be exacerbated, and the impact on the global economy generally and on our customers could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk, which could increase our liabilities and reduce liquidity. Counterparty credit risk typically increases during periods of economic uncertainty, and we believe our exposure has increased in recent years. In connection with the settlement of reinsurance balances, we assume a substantial degree of credit risk associated with our brokers. In accordance with industry practice, we pay virtually all amounts owed on claims under our policies to reinsurance brokers, who then forward these payments to the ceding insurers that have purchased reinsurance from us. Likewise, premiums due to us by ceding insurers are virtually all paid to brokers, who then pass the amounts to us. Many of our contracts provide that if a broker fails to make a payment to a ceding insurer, we remain liable to the ceding insurer for the deficiency. Conversely, when the ceding insurer pays premiums to brokers for payment to us, these premiums are considered to have been received by us upon receipt by the broker and the ceding insurer is no longer liable to us for those amounts, even if we have not received the premiums. We are also exposed to the credit risk of our customers, who, pursuant to their contracts with us, frequently pay us over time. We may not collect all our premiums receivable from our ceding insurers and reinsurers, and we may not collect all our reinsurance recoverable from our own retrocessionaires. We have significant premiums receivable and reinsurance recoverable, and our failure to collect even a small portion of these amounts, or a meaningful delay in the collection of recoverables as to which our own underlying obligations are due, could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition, perhaps materially. We may be affected by adverse economic factors outside of our control, including a weaker macroeconomic environment, and international socio-political and geopolitical events. A slowdown in economic activity may result from macroeconomic volatility, central bank policies, and international events involving war or civil, political, or social unrest, or energy prices or from other factors outside of our control. For example, ongoing conflicts globally may expand, which could increase our potential exposures or have far-reaching impacts on the global economy. Additionally, governmental, business and societal responses to such events, such as sanctions, trade restrictions, increased unemployment, and supply chain disruptions could worsen the impact of such events and could have an impact on our business and on our customers’ businesses. Any such events could increase our probability of losses, which may be exacerbated by our exposure to certain lines of business that we write. These 43 events could also reduce the demand for insurance and reinsurance, which would reduce our premium volume and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations. We routinely transact business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our financial reporting currency. Moreover, we maintain a portion of our cash and investments in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and certain of our subsidiaries use or have used non-U.S. dollar functional currencies. Although we generally seek to hedge significant non-U.S. dollar positions, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, losses resulting from fluctuations in the values of these foreign currencies, which could cause our consolidated earnings to decrease. In addition, failure to manage our foreign currency exposures could cause our results of operations to be more volatile. Our significant third-party capital management operations further complicates these foreign currency operational needs and risk. We may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. Our exposure to significant catastrophic events may cause significant volatility in our operating and capital needs. To the extent that our existing capital is insufficient to support our future operating requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or limit our growth. Any further equity, debt or hybrid financings if available at all, may be on terms that are unfavorable to us. We are also exposed to the risk that the contingent capital facilities we have in place may not be available as expected. Changes to our credit ratings, or the capital models and rating methodologies used by ratings agencies, may also impact our ability to access capital. Our contracts generally require us to post such security via a letter of credit, a trust account, or where applicable, utilize a multi-beneficiary reinsurance trust, with the release of such security being controlled by the ceding insurance company and/or a regulator. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital when needed, we may not be able to grow and take advantage of favorable market conditions, or we may be required to reduce the amount of business that we write, impacting our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters The regulatory systems under which we operate could restrict our ability to operate, increase our costs, or otherwise adversely impact us. Our operating subsidiaries conduct business globally and are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision in multiple jurisdictions. See “Part I, Item 1. Business—Regulation.” These statutes, regulations and policies may, among other things, restrict the ability of our subsidiaries, joint ventures or managed funds to write certain business, make certain investments and distribute funds. We may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, these statutes and regulations, which could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in these jurisdictions, which could subject us to fines and/or penalties. Our current or future business strategy could cause one or more of our subsidiaries to become subject to some form of more onerous regulation in the future. Any failure to comply with current or future applicable laws or regulations could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in these jurisdictions, which could subject us to fines and other penalties. In addition, changes in the laws or regulations to which our operating subsidiaries are subject or in their interpretation could have an adverse effect on our business. Several of our operating subsidiaries are not licensed or admitted in any jurisdiction except Bermuda, conduct business only from their offices in Bermuda and do not maintain offices in the U.S. The insurance and reinsurance regulatory framework continues to be subject to increased scrutiny in many jurisdictions, including the U.S. and Europe. If our Bermuda insurance or reinsurance operations become subject to the insurance laws of any state in the U.S., jurisdictions in the EU, or elsewhere, we could face challenges to the future operations of these companies. We could also be required to allocate considerable time and resources to comply with any new or additional regulatory requirements in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, and any such requirements could impact the operations of our insurance and/or non-insurance subsidiaries, result in increased costs for us and impact our financial condition. 44 The International Association of Insurance Supervisors has adopted a Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups, which is focused on both quantitative and qualitative measures that are expected to enhance the group-wide supervision of IAIGs. As part of ComFrame, the IAIS developed global risk-based insurance capital standards that, if applied to us, could increase our prescribed capital requirement, the level of regulatory scrutiny on the level of capital we maintain, limit intercompany capital transactions, suspend debt repayments, and significantly increase our cost of regulatory compliance. The BMA embedded the ComFrame group supervision requirements, including the risk-based insurance capital standards, in the Insurance Act and related regulations in December 2025. It is possible that individual jurisdiction or cross border regulatory developments could adversely differentiate Bermuda, the jurisdiction in which we are subject to group supervision, or could exclude Bermuda-based companies from benefits such as market access, mutual recognition or reciprocal rights made available to other jurisdictions, which could adversely impact us. Any such development could significantly and negatively affect our operations. We face risks related to changes in Bermuda law and regulations, and the political environment in Bermuda. We are incorporated in Bermuda and many of our operating companies are domiciled in Bermuda. Therefore, changes in Bermuda law and regulation may have an adverse impact on our operations, such as increased regulatory supervision or the imposition of corporate income tax. The Corporate Income Tax Act 2023, discussed below, is an example of a material change in Bermuda law. In addition, we are subject to changes in the political environment in Bermuda, which could make it difficult to operate in, or attract talent to, Bermuda. In addition, Bermuda, which is currently an overseas territory of the U.K., may consider changes to its relationship with the U.K. in the future. These changes could adversely affect Bermuda or the international reinsurance market focused there, either of which could adversely impact us commercially. Political, regulatory and industry initiatives by state and international authorities could adversely affect our business. The insurance and reinsurance regulatory framework is subject to heavy scrutiny by the U.S. and individual state governments, as well as a number of international authorities, and we believe it is likely this will continue into the foreseeable future. We could also be adversely affected by proposals or enacted legislation that provide for reinsurance capacity in markets and to consumers that we target, expand the scope of coverage under existing policies for perils such as hurricanes or earthquakes or for a pandemic disease outbreak, mandate the terms of insurance and reinsurance policies, or establish a new federal insurance regulator or otherwise revise laws, regulations, or contracts under which we operate, which may disproportionately benefit the companies of one country over those of another. Moreover, government-backed entities may represent competition for the coverages we provide, either directly or by competing for the business of our customers, thereby reducing the potential amount of third-party private protection our clients may need or desire. Bermuda is also subject to increasing scrutiny by political bodies outside of Bermuda, including the EU Code of Conduct Group. Due to this increased legislative and regulatory scrutiny of the reinsurance industry and Bermuda, our cost of compliance with applicable laws may increase, which could result in a decrease to our profitability. Further, as we continue to expand our business operations outside of Bermuda, we are increasingly subject to new and additional regulations, including, for example, laws relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery. Our business is subject to certain laws and regulations relating to sanctions and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations. We must comply with all applicable economic sanctions and anti-bribery laws and regulations of the U.S. and other jurisdictions. U.S. laws and regulations that may be applicable to us include economic trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by OFAC as well as certain laws administered by the U.S. Department of State. The sanctions laws and regulations of non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate may differ from those of the U.S. and these differences may also expose us to sanctions violations. 45 In addition, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws that generally prohibit corrupt payments or improper gifts to non-U.S. governments or officials. It is possible that an employee or intermediary could fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In such event, we could be exposed to civil penalties, criminal penalties and other sanctions, including fines or other punitive actions, which could damage our business and reputation, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our business may be affected by governmental and societal responses to climate-related matters. In addition to the potential impacts that environmental events may have on our business, there are also risks to our business related to a transition to a lower carbon economy, including increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny related to climate-related risk and greenhouse gas emissions. Our investment assets may be affected by market shifts away from carbon-intensive sectors, increased costs of greenhouse gases, and reduced profitability in sectors that produce or rely on carbon-based fuels, or by societal or market shifts related to these trends. Additionally, demand for insurance coverage could be negatively impacted to the extent that carbon-intensive businesses are impacted by this transition, and claims and losses related to those industries could increase, either of which could have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. Climate-related concerns have led, and may continue to lead, to new regulatory responses. New laws and regulations relating to sustainability and climate-related matters have been adopted and continue to be considered in various jurisdictions. These laws and regulations include specific disclosure requirements or obligations, that may result in additional investments and implementation of new practices and reporting processes, all entailing additional compliance costs and risk. For example, various jurisdictions are in the process of implementing the International Sustainability Standards Board requirements which requires enhanced disclosure of climate and sustainability-related risks, opportunities and impacts. This directive, along with other current or proposed regulations, could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. Risks Related to Taxation Our Bermuda subsidiaries may be subject to U.S. corporate income tax. We conduct a significant amount of business through Bermuda subsidiaries that we believe are not subject to U.S. corporate income tax as they are not engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. Since there is considerable uncertainty, however, as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., we cannot be certain that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service will not contend successfully that any of our non-U.S. companies is engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. Were this to occur, such company could be subject to U.S. corporate income tax and additional branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such U.S. trade or business. If we or one or more of our Bermuda subsidiaries were ultimately held to be subject to U.S. taxation, our earnings would correspondingly decline. Certain U.S. tax provisions could reduce our access to capital, decrease demand for our products, impact our shareholders or investors in our joint ventures or other entities we manage or otherwise adversely affect us. U.S. persons may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax treatment with respect to an investment in our shares under the “controlled foreign corporation,” “related person insurance income,” or PFIC provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Such provisions may apply to a U.S. person who owns (or is considered to own under applicable tax rules) 10% or more of our shares if RenaissanceRe or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries is considered a controlled foreign corporation in any year, and to a U.S. person who owns any of our shares if RenaissanceRe is considered a PFIC or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries generates gross related person insurance income that constitutes 20% or more of its gross insurance income in any year. RenaissanceRe and certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries may be controlled foreign corporations for these purposes. Further, we believe that RenaissanceRe should not be characterized as a PFIC and currently anticipate that the gross related person insurance income of each of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries will constitute less than 20% of its gross insurance income for any taxable year in the foreseeable future. However, the application of these provisions is complex, subject to legal uncertainties and dependent on facts that may change from time to time and of which we may have 46 limited knowledge. Accordingly, we can provide no assurances that any of these provisions will not apply for any taxable year. In addition, on January 25, 2022, proposed regulations were published that could, if finalized in their current form, substantially expand the definition of related person insurance income to include all insurance income of our non-U.S. subsidiaries related to affiliate reinsurance transactions if U.S. persons own (or are considered to own under applicable tax rules) more than 50% of our shares. These regulations are proposed to apply to taxable years beginning after the date the regulations are finalized. Although we cannot predict whether, when or in what form the proposed regulations might be finalized, if they are finalized in their current form, we may decide not to undertake affiliate reinsurance transactions that would otherwise be undertaken for non-tax business reasons in the future and there may be an increased risk that gross related person insurance income constitutes 20% or more of the gross insurance income of one or more of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries in any year. These tax provisions could adversely impact our shareholders and reduce the attractiveness of an investment in our shares and thus our access to capital. Joint venture entities or other entities managed by us may be subject to similar tax risks, which could make these entities less attractive to investors and reduce our fee income. Further, we or our shareholders may be the subject of future changes in tax laws, which could reduce our access to capital, decrease demand for our products, impact our shareholders or investors in our joint ventures or other entities we manage or otherwise adversely affect us. The OECD and the jurisdictions in which we operate may pursue measures that might increase our taxes and reduce our net income and increase our reporting requirements. The OECD has published reports and launched a global dialog among member and non-member countries on measures to limit harmful tax competition. These measures are largely directed at counteracting the effects of jurisdictions perceived by the OECD to be tax havens or offering preferential tax regimes. In the past, Bermuda has been temporarily added to the EU “blacklist” of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes, as well as the “greylist” of jurisdictions that have made sufficient commitments to reform their tax policies but remain subject to close monitoring while they are executing on their commitments. In addition, in December 2021, the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS approved global anti-base erosion model rules (the “GloBE Rules”) that generally would require large multinational groups to calculate the effective tax rate in each of the jurisdictions in which they operate and pay an additional top-up tax where the group’s effective tax rate in a jurisdiction is below 15%. The OECD has issued and is expected to continue to issue commentary and administrative guidance interpreting and expanding the GloBE Rules. Certain jurisdictions where we operate have brought into effect laws implementing all or a portion of the Pillar II Rules or other changes in response to the Pillar II Rules, or are in the process of doing so, and other jurisdictions may do so in the future. Further, in response to the Pillar II Rules, Bermuda adopted the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023, the “CIT” on December 27, 2023. Effective January 1, 2025, the CIT generally imposes a 15% income tax on our profits generated in Bermuda (except for profits earned by our joint ventures and managed funds), notwithstanding any assurances that may have been provided pursuant to the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966. We generally expect that the profits generated in Bermuda on or after January 1, 2025 by our consolidated joint ventures and managed funds, except to the extent those profits are attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests, will also be taxed at 15% as a result of the enactment or expected enactment of the Pillar II Rules by many of the jurisdictions in which we operate. On January 15, 2025, the OECD issued administrative guidance on Article 9.1 of the Pillar II Rules. This guidance, if incorporated into the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could cause additional top-up taxes pursuant to the Pillar II Rules to the extent the net deferred tax asset we established upon enactment of the CIT in 2023 pursuant to the economic transition adjustment (approximately $640 million as of December 31, 2025) reverses after 2026. It is uncertain whether Bermuda or the other jurisdictions in which we operate will amend their laws as a result of this guidance. To the extent the jurisdictions in which we operate incorporate this guidance into their own laws, our future cash tax savings from the reversal of the deferred tax asset could be limited to the portion of the deferred tax asset that is expected to reverse in 2026. 47 Our tax liabilities and reporting obligations have increased and may continue to increase as a result of the implementation of the CIT in Bermuda and the Pillar II Rules in other jurisdictions where we operate. These and any other changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof by taxation authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate may materially adversely affect our results of operations. Risks Related to the Ownership of our Securities Because we are a holding company, we are dependent on capital distributions from our subsidiaries. As a holding company with no direct operations, we rely on our investment income, cash dividends and other permitted payments from our subsidiaries to make principal and interest payments on our debt and to pay dividends to our shareholders. From time to time, we may not have sufficient liquid assets to meet these obligations. Regulatory restrictions on capital distributions under Bermuda law, Swiss law and various U.S. laws regulate the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital. If our subsidiaries are restricted from distributing capital to us, we may be unable to pay dividends to our shareholders or to repay our indebtedness. Some aspects of our corporate structure may discourage third-party takeovers and other transactions or prevent the removal of our current board of directors and management. Some provisions of our bye-laws may discourage third parties from making unsolicited takeover bids or prevent the removal of our current board of directors and management. In particular, our bye-laws prohibit transfers of our capital shares if the transfer would result in a person owning or controlling shares that constitute 9.9% or more of any class or series of our shares, unless otherwise waived at the discretion of the Board. In addition, our bye-laws reduce the total voting power of any shareholder owning, directly or indirectly, beneficially or otherwise, more than 9.9% of our common shares to not more than 9.9% of the total voting power of our shares unless otherwise waived at the discretion of the Board. These provisions may make it more difficult to acquire control of us by means of a tender offer, open market purchase, proxy contest or otherwise and could discourage a prospective acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, even if our shareholders might deem such transactions to be in their best interests. As a result, these provisions could limit the ability of shareholders to realize takeover premiums for their shares or depress the market price of the shares. In addition, our bye-laws provide for, among other things: • a classified Board, whose size is generally fixed and whose members may be removed by the shareholders only for cause upon a 66 2/3% vote; • restrictions on the ability of shareholders to nominate persons to serve as directors, submit resolutions to a shareholder vote and requisition special general meetings; • a large number of authorized but unissued shares which may be issued by the Board without further shareholder action; and • a 66 2/3% shareholder vote to amend, repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with several provisions of the bye-laws. Some jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries operate have laws and regulations that require regulatory approval of a change in control of an insurer or an insurer’s holding company. Where such laws apply to us and our subsidiaries, there can be no effective change in our control unless the person seeking to acquire control has filed a statement with the regulators and has obtained prior approval for the proposed change from such regulators. Under these laws, control is typically presumed when a person acquires, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the insurance company or its parent, although this presumption is rebuttable. Investors may have difficulty in serving process or enforcing judgments against us in the U.S. We are a Bermuda company. In addition, many of our officers and directors reside in countries outside the U.S. All or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of these officers and directors may be located 48 outside the U.S. Investors may have difficulty effecting service of process within the U.S. on our directors and officers who reside outside the U.S. or recovering against us or these directors and officers on judgments of U.S. courts based on civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws whether or not we appoint an agent in the U.S. to receive service of process. ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C.    CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND CYBERSECURITY Our business and support functions utilize information systems that provide critical services to both our employees and our customers. We have an integrated team of professionals who manage and support our communication platforms, transaction-management systems, and analytics and reporting capabilities, including the development of proprietary solutions like REMS©. We use both cloud-based platforms and services and off-site, secure data centers in North America and Europe for our core applications. Information security and privacy are important concerns, with an escalating cyber-threat environment and evolving regulatory requirements driving continued investment in this area. Our information security program is designed to meet or exceed industry best practices and is integrated into our broader ERM framework. We are subject to a number of cybersecurity and data privacy laws and regulations, such as those promulgated by the BMA, Office of the Privacy Commission, NYDFS, MIA, and the EU. Pursuant to applicable regulations, we have established and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect our information technology systems and data. Our program is designed to comply with all applicable cybersecurity regulatory requirements, including disclosure requirements, and we continue to evaluate and assess our compliance in the changing regulatory environment. It is likely that we will be subject to new regulations that could adversely affect our operations or ability to write business profitably in one or more jurisdictions. We cannot predict what, if any, regulatory actions may be taken with regard to “big data” or emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, but any actions could have a material impact on our business, business processes, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we have at times obtained certain cybersecurity certifications, supported by independent third-party assessments. We have in place, and seek to continuously improve, a comprehensive system of security controls, managed by a dedicated staff. We also engage reputable third parties to perform a variety of services, including continuous monitoring of our information systems, incident response or management services, cyber-forensic investigation services, and periodic security penetration testing. In addition, we are subject to independent assessment and review by regulators and external auditors, as well as periodic audits of our security controls by our independent internal audit team. We provide regular security risk education and awareness training sessions for all staff. We maintain an ongoing internal third-party cybersecurity risk assessment program to identify potential cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers, and consider these assessments when selecting and engaging service providers with periodic re-evaluations. See “Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our capital structure; and (vii) provide consistent pricing information. As part of our risk management process, we also use REMS© to assist us, as a retrocedant, with the purchase of reinsurance coverage for our own account. Our underwriting and risk management process, in conjunction with REMS©, quantifies and manages our exposure to claims from single events and the exposure to losses from a series of events. As part of our pricing and underwriting process, we also assess a variety of other factors, including: (i) the reputation of the proposed cedant and the likelihood of establishing a long-term relationship with the cedant; (ii) the geographic area in which the cedant does business and its market share; (iii) historical loss data for the cedant and, where available, for the industry as a whole in the relevant regions and lines of business, in order to compare the cedant’s historical catastrophe loss experience to industry averages; (iv) the cedant’s pricing strategies; and (v) the perceived financial strength of the cedant and factors such as the cedant’s historical record of making premium payments in full and on a timely basis. In order to estimate the risk profile of each line of non-natural hazard reinsurance (i.e., our casualty and specialty lines of business), we establish probability distributions and assess the correlations with the rest of our portfolio. In casualty and specialty lines with catastrophe risk, such as marine, energy and terrorism, we seek to directly leverage our skill in modeling property reinsurance risks, and aim to appropriately estimate and manage the correlations between these casualty and specialty lines and our property reinsurance portfolio. For other classes of business, in which we believe we have little or no natural catastrophe exposure, and therefore less correlation with our property reinsurance coverages, we derive probability distributions from a variety of underlying information sources, including recent historical experience, and the application of judgment as appropriate. The nature of some of these businesses lends itself less to the analysis we use for our property reinsurance coverages, reflecting both the nature of available exposure information, and the impact of human factors such as tort exposure. We produce probability distributions to represent our estimates of the related underlying risks which our products cover, which we believe helps us to make consistent underwriting decisions and to manage our total risk portfolio. In addition, we also produce, utilize, and report on models which measure our utilization of capital in light of regulatory capital considerations and constraints. Our position in respect of these regulatory capital models is reviewed by our risk management professional staff and periodically reported to and reviewed by senior underwriting personnel and executive management with responsibility for our regulated operating entities. Enterprise Risk Management We believe that high-quality and effective ERM is best achieved when it is a shared cultural value throughout the organization and consider ERM to be a key process which is the responsibility of every individual at RenaissanceRe. We have developed and utilize tools and processes we believe support a culture of risk management and create a robust framework of ERM within our organization. We believe that our ERM processes and practices help us to identify potential events that may affect us, quantify, evaluate and manage the risks to which we are exposed, and provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of our objectives. We also believe that effective ERM assists our efforts to minimize the likelihood of suffering financial outcomes in excess of the ranges which we have estimated in respect of specific investments, underwriting decisions, or other operating or business activities, including cybersecurity risks, although we do not believe this risk can be eliminated. In particular, we utilize our risk management tools to support our efforts to monitor our capital and liquidity positions on a consolidated basis and for each of our major operating subsidiaries, and to allocate an appropriate amount of capital to support the risks we have assumed in the aggregate and for each of our major operating subsidiaries. Our Board and its committees are responsible for overseeing enterprise-wide risk management and are actively involved in the monitoring of risks that could affect us. The members of the Board have regular, direct access to the senior executives and other officers responsible for identifying and monitoring our risks 14 and coordinating our ERM, including our Group Chief Risk Officer, Chief Portfolio Officer, Group Chief Underwriting Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Group General Counsel, each of whom reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer, as well as other senior personnel such as our Chief Investment Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Global Corporate Controller and Head of Internal Audit. The Board also receives regular reports from the Operational Risk and Resilience Committee, which includes members of senior management, compliance professionals and others and oversees policies and procedures relating to accounting, financial reporting, internal controls, legal and regulatory matters, and complex transactions, among other matters. Our ERM framework operates via a three lines model. The first line consists of individual functions that deliberately assume risks on our behalf and own and manage risk within the Company on a day-to-day and business operational basis. The second line is responsible for risk oversight and also supports the first line to understand and manage risk, and is comprised of a dedicated risk team led by the Group Chief Risk Officer who reports to the Board’s Investment and Risk Management Committee and the Chief Executive Officer, and a dedicated compliance team led by the Group General Counsel who reports to the Board’s Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. The third line, our Internal Audit team, reports to the Audit Committee of the Board and provides independent, objective assurance as to the assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal control systems and also coordinates risk-based audits and compliance reviews and other specific initiatives to evaluate and address risk within targeted areas of our business. The principal risk areas that make up our ERM framework are assumed risk (including reserve risk), business environment risk and operational risk: • Assumed Risk. We define assumed risk as activities where we deliberately take risk against our capital base, including underwriting risks and other quantifiable risks such as credit risk and market risk as they relate to investments, ceded reinsurance credit risk and strategic investment risk, each of which can be analyzed in substantial part through quantitative tools and techniques. Of these, we believe underwriting risk to be the most material to us. In order to understand, monitor, quantify and proactively assess underwriting risk, we seek to develop and deploy appropriate tools to estimate the comparable expected returns on potential business opportunities and the impact that such incremental business could have on our overall risk profile. We use the tools and methods described above in “Underwriting” to seek to achieve these objectives. Embedded within our consideration of assumed risk is our management of our aggregate, consolidated risk profile. In part through the utilization of REMS© and our other systems and procedures, we analyze our in-force aggregate assumed risk portfolio on a daily basis. We believe this capability helps us to manage our aggregate exposures and to rigorously analyze and evaluate individual proposed transactions in the context of our in-force portfolio. This aggregation process captures line of business, segment and corporate risk profiles, calculates internal and external capital tests and explicitly models ceded reinsurance. Generally, additional data is added quarterly to our aggregate risk framework to reflect updated or new information or estimates relating to matters such as interest rate risk, credit risk, capital adequacy and liquidity. This information is used in day-to-day decision making for underwriting, investments and operations and is also reviewed quarterly from both a unit level and consolidated financial position perspective. We also regularly assess, monitor and review our regulatory risk capital and related constraints. • Reserve Risk. Reserve risk is a subcomponent of assumed risk. We define reserve risk as the risks related to our reserve for net claims and claim expenses, including the amount, both absolute and relative, of our reserve for net claims and claim expenses, and the impact of economic, social, legal and regulatory matters. Our reserve for net claims and claim expenses is subject to significant uncertainty and has the potential to develop adversely in future periods. While reserve risk may increase in both absolute terms and relative to its overall consideration in our ERM framework, we employ robust resources, procedures and technology to identify, understand, quantify and manage this risk. Our reserving methodologies and sensitivities for each respective line of business described in “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates—Claims and Claim Expense Reserves.” 15 • Business Environment Risk. We define business environment risk as the risk of changes in the business, political or regulatory environment that could negatively impact our short term or long-term financial results or the markets in which we operate. This risk area also typically includes emerging risks. These risks are predominately extrinsic to us and our ability to alter or eliminate these risks is limited, so we focus our efforts on monitoring developments, assessing potential impacts of any changes, and investing in cost effective means to attempt to mitigate the consequences of, and ensure compliance with, any new requirements applicable to us. • Operational Risk. We are subject to a number of additional risks arising out of operational, regulatory, and other matters. We define operational risk to include the risk that we fail to create, manage, control or mitigate the people, processes, structures or functions required to execute our strategic and tactical plans and assemble an optimized portfolio of assumed risk, and to adjust to and comply with the evolving requirements of business environment risk applicable to us. In light of the rapid evolution of our markets, business environment, and business initiatives, we seek to continually invest in the tools, processes and procedures we use to mitigate our exposure to operational risk on a cost-effective basis. As with assumed risk and business environment risk, operational risk presents intrinsic uncertainties, and we may fail to appropriately identify or mitigate applicable operational risk. We address other areas of operational risk through our business continuity and incident response program, human resource practices such as motivating and retaining top talent, our strict tax protocols and our legal and regulatory policies and procedures. ENVIRONMENTAL AND CLIMATE-RELATED RISK MATTERS Our principal economic exposures arise from our coverages for natural disasters and catastrophes. We believe, and we believe the consensus view of current scientific studies substantiates, that changes in climate conditions, primarily global temperatures and expected sea levels, have increased, and are likely to continue to increase, the severity and frequency of weather-related natural disasters and catastrophes relative to the historical experience over the past 100 years. While it is difficult to distinguish between permanent climate change and transient climate variability, an ever-expanding body of research suggests that these trends are in fact man-made, and, if correct, we believe that this trend will not revert to the mean but continue to worsen. We believe that this increase in severe weather, coupled with currently projected demographic trends in catastrophe-exposed regions, contributes to factors that will increase the average economic value of expected losses, increase the number of people exposed per year to natural disasters and in general exacerbate disaster risk, including risks to infrastructure, global supply chains and agricultural production. Accordingly, we expect an increase in both the frequency and magnitude of claims, especially from properties located in coastal areas. The consideration of the impacts of climate-related risk, including climate change is integrated into our ERM process. We have taken measures to mitigate losses related to climate change through our underwriting process and by continuously monitoring and adjusting our risk management models to reflect the higher level of risk that we think will persist. We have been progressively integrating the consideration of the financial risk of climate change into our governance frameworks, risk management processes, and business strategies over the past several years. We monitor emerging regulatory expectations, as many of our regulators are increasingly focused on climate-related risk oversight and disclosures. Additionally, as a (re)insurance company, we believe that we play a role in supporting the orderly transition to a lower-carbon economy through three primary channels: (i) through our underwriting activities, where we assume risk, in ways that help provide the liquidity and capital necessary to enable the orderly transition of industries, businesses and society towards a lower carbon future; (ii) through our investments portfolio, where, as an asset owner, we seek to allocate capital in a manner that supports long-term decarbonization and resilience; and (iii) through our own business operations, by working to reduce our operational carbon footprint and enhance the sustainability of our business practices. Our Board and its committees are actively engaged in the oversight of sustainability initiatives and strategy, and receive regular updates from management on progress, risk and developments. In addition to the impacts that environmental events may have on our business, we are subject to increasing governmental and regulatory initiatives and scrutiny related to climate-related risk and 16 greenhouse gas emissions. Various jurisdictions have introduced, or are in the process of introducing, climate-related disclosure requirements that may affect our operations. For example, several jurisdictions are in the process of implementing the International Sustainability Standards Board requirements which requires disclosure of the risks and opportunities arising from social and environmental issues. Other regulators have also strengthened their expectations. In the United Kingdom, the Prudential Regulation Authority, has issued enhanced expectations for climate risk integration and disclosure. Similarly, Switzerland’s FINMA has adopted a new circular required phased implementation of climate and nature risk obligations beginning in 2026. The implementation of these, and other, requirements may increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. Additionally, regulators may introduce similar requirements in the future. RATINGS Financial strength ratings are important to the competitive position of reinsurance and insurance companies. We have received high financial strength ratings from A.M. Best, S&P, Moody’s and Fitch. These ratings represent independent opinions of an insurer’s financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet policyholder obligations, and are not an evaluation directed toward the protection of investors or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of our securities. Certain of our entities and the senior notes and preference shares issued by them also have credit ratings. Rating organizations continually review the financial positions of our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures and ratings may be revised or revoked by the agencies which issue them. Additionally, rating organizations may change their capital models and rating methodologies, which could have a material impact on our ratings and business. In addition, A.M. Best assesses and scores companies’ ERM practices, which is an opinion on the many critical dimensions of risk that determine overall creditworthiness. RenaissanceRe has been assigned an ERM score of “Very Strong,” which is the highest ERM score assigned. See “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources—Ratings” for the ratings of our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures by segment, and details of recent ratings actions. RESERVE FOR CLAIMS AND CLAIM EXPENSES We believe the most significant accounting judgment made by management is our estimate of claims and claim expense reserves. Claims and claim expense reserves represent estimates, including actuarial and statistical projections at a given point in time, of the ultimate settlement and administration costs for unpaid claims and claim expenses arising from the insurance and reinsurance contracts we sell. Our claims and claim expense reserves are a combination of case reserves, ACR and incurred but not reported losses and incurred but not enough reported losses, collectively referred to as IBNR. Case reserves are losses reported to us by insureds and ceding companies, but which have not yet been paid. If deemed necessary and in certain situations, either we establish, or our clients report, ACR. Client reported ACR represents their estimate of additional contract specific claims in excess of the case reserves they have reported to us. ACR established by us represents our estimates for claims related to specific contracts which we believe may not be adequately estimated by the client as of that date or is not within the IBNR. We establish IBNR using actuarial techniques and expert judgment to represent the anticipated cost of claims which have not been reported to us yet or where we anticipate increased reporting. Our reserving committee, which includes members of our senior management, reviews, discusses, and assesses the reasonableness and adequacy of the reserving estimates included in our audited consolidated financial statements. Because of the nature of the coverages that we provide, the amount and timing of the cash flows associated with our policy liabilities will fluctuate, perhaps significantly, and, therefore, are highly uncertain. Our reserving techniques, assumptions and processes differ among our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. Refer to “Note 8. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses” in our “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” for more information on the risks we insure and reinsure, the reserving techniques, assumptions and processes we follow to estimate our claims and claim expense reserves, prior year development of the reserve for claims and claim expenses, analysis of our incurred and paid claims development and claims duration information for each of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. In addition, refer to “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 17 Condition and Results of Operations—Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates—Claims and Claim Expense Reserves” for more information on our actual results versus our initial estimates of our claims reserves, and sensitivity analysis for each of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. MARKETING We believe that our modeling and technical expertise, our broad risk appetite, and our reputation for paying valid claims promptly has enabled us to become a provider of first choice in many lines of business to our customers worldwide. We market our products primarily through reinsurance brokers and we focus our marketing efforts on targeted brokers and partners. We believe that our existing portfolio of business is a valuable asset and, therefore, we attempt to continually strengthen relationships with our existing brokers and customers. We believe that by maintaining close relationships with brokers, we are able to obtain access to a broad range of potential reinsureds. We believe that primary insurers’ and brokers’ willingness to use a particular reinsurer is based not just on pricing, but also on the financial security of the reinsurer, its claim paying ability ratings and demonstrated willingness to promptly pay valid claims, the quality of a reinsurer’s service, the reinsurer’s willingness and ability to design customized programs, its long-term stability and its commitment to provide stable reinsurance capacity across market cycles. Our portfolio of business continues to be characterized by relatively large transactions with ceding companies with whom we do business, although no current relationship exceeds 10% of our gross premiums written. Our brokers assess client needs and also perform data collection, contract preparation and other administrative tasks, enabling us to market our products cost effectively. Our distribution is reliant on a small number of broker relationships, which has continued to decrease in recent years as a result of consolidation in the broker sector. We expect this concentration to continue. In 2025, three brokerage firms accounted for 81.3% of our gross premiums written. The following table shows the percentage of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments’ gross premiums written generated through subsidiaries and affiliates of our largest brokers: Year ended December 31, 2025 Property Casualty and Specialty Total Aon plc 44.2 % 27.4 % 34.5 % Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 30.4 % 36.3 % 33.8 % Arthur J. Gallagher 6.9 % 17.5 % 13.0 % Total of largest brokers 81.5 % 81.2 % 81.3 % All others 18.5 % 18.8 % 18.7 % Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES Human Capital Resources Oversight At RenaissanceRe, our people are our most valuable resource and are core to our success, and the effective execution of our strategy. We believe in fostering an open and collaborative culture that encourages employees to take ownership of their performance and development. Our executive management team oversees initiatives to create an environment in which employees can develop and succeed. The Corporate Governance and Human Capital Management Committee of our Board is actively engaged in the oversight of our human capital strategy, which includes employees, work environment, inclusion strategy and compensation practices, and receives regular updates from management on progress and developments. Our executive management team and Corporate Governance and Human Capital Management Committee receive regular reports on progress against our annual human resources tactical plans. 18 Employees At February 6, 2026, we employed 1,040 people worldwide (February 7, 2025 - 945, February 14, 2024 - 925). Of these employees, 249 were located in Bermuda, 270 in the U.S. and Canada, 492 in Europe and 29 in the Asia-Pacific region. Talent Acquisition, Development, and Retention We strive to hire talented people and invest in their development to aid them in their professional and personal growth. As employees progress at RenaissanceRe, we provide structured opportunities to support them in mastering specific competencies at each career level. We also invest in the professional growth of our leaders through customized leadership development programs to build advanced skills and capabilities across a diverse set of participants within the organization. Our bespoke approach to development encourages continuous learning, supported by skills-based training, technical development programs and stretch assignments. We aim to attract, motivate, reward and retain the best people by aligning our performance management practices with our compensation and benefits programs. Work Environment We endeavor to provide a safe, healthy and supportive work environment that promotes the well-being of our employees and enables our people to contribute effectively across our global organization. We actively encourage open dialogue with our employees, and conduct engagement and culture surveys to gather feedback on employee satisfaction and engagement. Insights from these surveys inform targeted action, and we monitor follow-up progress, to support the provision of appropriate support and oversight of areas requiring improvement. Our Commitment to Inclusion At RenaissanceRe, we are committed to fostering an environment where every individual feels a sense of belonging and is empowered to contribute to our shared success. By collaborating and embracing a wide range of perspectives, we strengthen our ability to fulfill our purpose: protecting communities and enabling prosperity. To achieve this, our inclusion efforts focus on three key areas: supporting and developing talent, empowering inclusive and high-performing teams, and building stronger communities. Compensation and Benefit Practices We design our compensation and benefit programs to incorporate a range of components intended to attract and retain talented individuals and mitigate potential risks, while rewarding employees for pursuing our strategic and financial objectives through appropriate risk-taking, risk management and prudent tactical and strategic decision making. We aim to offer fair, competitive wages and benefits based on experience, skills, knowledge and geographic location. We do this by conducting regular market checks of our competitive pay and benefit programs in each of our operating locations, as well as an annual compensation review cycle where we assess pay levels for all employees. REGULATION Most countries and all U.S. states regulate (re)insurance business to varying degrees. We currently have significant (re)insurance operations in Australia, Bermuda, Ireland, Singapore, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. Our operating subsidiaries and branches are principally regulated by the regulatory authorities of their respective jurisdictions, and may also be subject to regulation in the jurisdictions of their ceding companies. Expansion into additional (re)insurance markets could expose us or our subsidiaries to increasing regulatory oversight. However, we intend to continue to conduct our operations so as to minimize the likelihood that our Bermuda subsidiaries will become subject to direct U.S. regulation. Bermuda Regulation Overview Generally, Bermuda companies must comply with the provisions of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981. Bermuda-registered insurance companies and insurance management companies are also regulated under 19 the Insurance Act and related regulations, which impose various requirements depending on a company’s classification under the Insurance Act. The Insurance Act imposes solvency and liquidity standards as well as auditing and reporting requirements, and confers on the BMA powers to supervise, investigate and intervene in the affairs of insurance companies. As a holding company, RenaissanceRe is not directly regulated as an insurer under the Insurance Act. Our entities registered under the Insurance Act include: • Class 4 general business insurers : Renaissance Reinsurance, and DaVinci Reinsurance • Class 3B general business insurers : RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S., Vermeer and RREAG, Bermuda Branch • Class 3A general business insurers : Top Layer, Fontana Re and Fontana US • Class 3 general business insurer : AlphaCat Re, Mont Fort Re Ltd. and Shima Reinsurance Ltd. • Collateralized insurer : Upsilon RFO • Insurance managers : RUM and RenaissanceRe Underwriting Management Ltd. The European Commission recognizes Bermuda’s regulatory regime as achieving Solvency II equivalence for its commercial (re)insurers and insurance groups. From time to time, RenaissanceRe’s Bermuda-registered entities may apply for, and be granted, certain modifications to, or exemptions from, regulatory requirements which may otherwise apply to them. Group Supervision The BMA is the group supervisor of the RenaissanceRe Group and it has designated Renaissance Reinsurance to be the “designated insurer” in respect of the RenaissanceRe Group. The designated insurer is required to ensure that the RenaissanceRe Group complies with the provisions of the Insurance Act pertaining to groups and all related group solvency and group supervision rules. The BMA has certain powers of investigation and intervention, relating to Bermuda-registered entities and their holding companies, subsidiaries and other affiliates, including the power to cancel a Bermuda-registered entity’s registration, which it may exercise in the interest of such an insurer’s policyholders or if there is any risk of insolvency or a breach of the Insurance Act or the license conditions of a Bermuda-registered entity. The International Association of Insurance Supervisors, or IAIS, has adopted a Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups, or IAIGs, which is focused on both qualitative and quantitative measures that are expected to enhance the group-wide supervision of IAIGs. As part of ComFrame, the IAIS developed global risk-based insurance capital standards that, if applied to us, could increase our prescribed capital requirement, increase regulatory scrutiny on the level of capital we maintain, limit intercompany capital transactions, suspend debt repayments, and significantly increase our cost of regulatory compliance. The BMA embedded the ComFrame group-supervision requirements, including the risk-based insurance capital standards, and requirement for a recovery plan, in the Insurance Act and related regulations in January 2026. Disclosure and Reporting Requirements At the group level, the RenaissanceRe Group is required to submit to the BMA a quarterly financial return, as well as the following annual filings: group statutory financial statements, group capital and solvency return, audited group financial statements, and a group solvency self-assessment. At the entity level, our Bermuda registered insurers are required to submit to the BMA both general and statutory audited annual financial statements, which are available on the BMA’s website. Certain insurers and insurance groups are also required to prepare and publish a Financial Condition Report, or FCR. We file a consolidated group FCR, inclusive of Renaissance Reinsurance, RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S., DaVinci Reinsurance, Top Layer, Fontana Re, Fontana US and Vermeer. RREAG files a separate FCR in lieu of a standalone FCR for its Bermuda Branch. Our FCRs are available on our website. In addition, general business insurers are generally required to file an annual capital and solvency return, or BSCR, with the BMA. The BSCR is a risk-based capital model designed to give the BMA robust methods for determining an insurer’s capital 20 adequacy. Our 2024 group BSCR exceeded the target capital level. We are currently completing our 2025 group BSCR, and at this time, we believe we will exceed the target capital, and that each entity that is required to file will exceed the minimum amount of regulatory capital required to be maintained under Bermuda law. The Insurance Act requires that the BMA be notified in writing when any person becomes, or ceases to be, a “controller” (as defined by applicable regulations to include significant shareholders, managing directors, and chief executives of the registered insurer or its parent company) of any Bermuda registered insurer or an “officer” (as defined by applicable regulations) of any Bermuda registered insurer or its parent company. We must also file with the BMA any changes to an “officer” or “controller” (as such are defined by applicable regulations) of our insurance managers. All registered insurers, and in certain limited cases insurance groups, are required to give notice to the BMA of their intention to effect a material change within the meaning of the Insurance Act. Capital, Solvency, and Liquidity Requirements Certain solvency requirements apply to all Bermuda companies under the Bermuda Companies Act 1981. Additional requirements apply to insurance companies and insurance groups. At the group level, the value of the insurance group’s statutory assets must exceed the amount of the insurance group’s statutory liabilities by the group minimum solvency margin. At the entity level, where applicable, a general business insurer’s statutory assets must exceed its statutory liabilities by an amount equal to or greater than the prescribed minimum solvency margin. The minimum solvency margin is determined on the basis of registration category and the net premiums written and loss reserves posted. Additional regulations apply to the determination of the types of capital instruments that may be used to satisfy the solvency requirements. RenaissanceRe and certain of our Bermuda-registered insurers are also generally required to maintain available statutory economic capital and surplus at a level at least equal to their enhanced capital requirement, which level may be adjusted by the BMA. The BMA has established a target capital level applicable to certain registration categories, and to insurance groups, equal to 120% of the applicable ECR. Failure to maintain statutory capital at least equal to the target capital level would likely result in increased BMA regulatory oversight. An insurer engaged in general business is generally required to maintain a minimum liquidity ratio equal to the value of its relevant assets at not less than 75% of the amount of its relevant liabilities. Restrictions on Dividends, Distributions and Reductions of Capital Our Bermuda-registered insurers are generally prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends, if declaring or paying such dividend would cause them to fail to meet the required minimum solvency margin or minimum liquidity ratio, or if certain solvency requirements are not met. Additional restrictions apply to any dividend and any reduction in statutory capital over applicable thresholds. Income Taxes Through December 31, 2024, neither we nor our shareholders were required to pay Bermuda income or profits tax, withholding tax, capital gains tax, capital transfer tax, estate duty or inheritance tax in respect of our shares. However, on December 27, 2023, the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 was enacted. As a result, certain Bermuda businesses which are part of large multinational groups became subject to a 15% corporate income tax in Bermuda for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025, regardless of any assurance given pursuant to the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966. Our profits generated on or after January 1, 2025 in Bermuda, except for profits earned by our joint ventures and managed funds, are subject to the 15% corporate income tax. Additional Rules and Regulations Certain of our Bermuda-registered entities are subject to additional regulatory requirements, including the following: • Insurance Code of Conduct. Bermuda registered insurers are required to comply with the BMA’s Insurance Code of Conduct, which establishes duties, requirements and standards regarding sound corporate governance, risk management and internal controls. 21 • Special Purpose Insurer and Collateralized Insurer Reporting Requirements. Unlike other (re)insurers, SPIs and collateralized insurers are fully funded to meet their (re)insurance obligations; therefore, the application and supervision processes are less burdensome than traditional registered general business insurers. However, these entities remain subject to annual financial statements and solvency reporting and disclosure requirements. Collateralized insurers are also subject to minimum solvency and enhanced capital requirements. • Insurance Manager Reporting Requirements . Insurance managers are required to report to the BMA information regarding their management and operations, as well as certain events, for example, a failure to comply with a condition imposed upon it by the BMA. • Economic Substance Act. Every Bermuda registered entity, other than an entity which is resident for tax purposes in certain jurisdictions outside Bermuda, engaged in a relevant activity (which includes, but is not limited to insurance, fund management, financing and leasing, and holding entity activities) and from which it earns gross revenue in a relevant financial period must satisfy economic substance requirements by maintaining a substantial economic presence in Bermuda, and certain of our entities incorporated in Bermuda are subject to annual reporting obligations regarding this requirement. • Policyholder Priority . The Insurance Amendment (No. 2) Act 2018 provides that, subject to the prior payment of preferential debts under the Employment Act 2000 and the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, the insurance debts of an insurer must be paid in priority to all other unsecured debts of the insurer. • Investment Fund Regulation. The Bermuda Investment Funds Act 2006 sets standards applicable to the establishment and operation of investment funds in Bermuda with a view to protecting investors. Each of our managed funds, including Medici and Upsilon Fund is registered or authorized under the Investment Funds Act and are supervised funds regulated by the BMA. Under the Investment Funds Act, registered funds and authorized funds are subject to offering disclosure requirements and obligations with respect to service providers, depositary functions, safekeeping obligations, valuations, and reporting to investors and the public, among other requirements. • Investment Business Regulation. RFM operates under a Standard License, and AlphaCat Managers is registered as a Class B Registered Person under the Bermuda Investment Business Act 2003. As a result, RFM and AlphaCat Managers are subject to supervision by the BMA, including disclosure and reporting requirements and, in the case of RFM, minimum net asset and liquidity requirements. U.S. Regulation Overview Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is a Maryland-domiciled insurer licensed or accredited as a reinsurer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. It is also a certified reinsurer with the U.S. Treasury. Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is subject to considerable regulation and supervision by state insurance regulators. State insurance departments regulate insurer solvency, authorized investments, loss and loss adjustment expense and unearned premium reserves, cybersecurity, and deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders. They also conduct periodic examinations and require the filing of annual and other reports relating to the financial condition of companies and other matters. The MIA, as Renaissance Reinsurance U.S.’s domestic regulator, is the primary financial regulator of Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. RREAG, US Branch is in runoff, but is still subject to supervision by the NYDFS and remains subject to many of the regulations described below. Holding Company Regulation We are subject to the insurance holding company laws of Maryland, which require Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. to file certain reports concerning its capital structure, ownership, financial condition, general business operations, and material risks with the MIA. Generally, all affiliate transactions involving Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. must be fair and reasonable and, if material or of specified types, require prior notice to and approval or non-disapproval by the MIA. 22 Disclosure and Reporting Requirements Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is required to file various detailed reports, including annual and quarterly financial statements in accordance with prescribed statutory accounting rules, with regulatory officials in the jurisdictions in which it conducts business. In addition, the Risk Management and Own Risk Solvency and Assessment Act requires Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. and RREAG, US Branch to: (i) maintain a risk management framework for identifying, assessing, monitoring, managing, and reporting its material and relevant risks; (ii) complete an ORSA at least once each year and at any time there is a significant change to the risk profile of the entity or its holding company system; and (iii) submit an ORSA summary report to the MIA at not more than each year. Capital and Surplus Requirements Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. is required to meet certain minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements under Maryland law, including risk-based capital requirements, and to submit an annual report regarding its risk-based capital levels to the MIA. As of December 31, 2025, we believe Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. exceeded all applicable Maryland minimum capital and surplus requirements. Restrictions on Dividends and Distributions Maryland law places limitations on the amounts of dividends or distributions payable by Renaissance Reinsurance U.S., including the requirement that any “extraordinary dividends” require certain regulatory notices and approvals (or non-disapprovals) and must be paid out of earned surplus. Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. must also provide notice to the MIA of payment of ordinary dividends. Acquisition of Control Any person seeking to acquire “control” (which presumptively includes holders of 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities) of a Maryland-domestic insurer or of an entity that directly or indirectly controls a Maryland-domestic insurer, must provide advance notice to and obtain approval of, the MIA. Therefore, any investor who intends to acquire 10% or more of RenaissanceRe’s outstanding voting securities may need to comply with these laws and would be required to file statements and reports with the MIA before such acquisition. In addition, any existing controlling person of a Maryland-domestic insurer seeking to divest its controlling interest in the insurer must file with the MIA a confidential notice of the proposed divestiture at least 30 days prior to the cessation of control (unless a person acquiring control from the divesting party has filed notice of the proposed acquisition of control with the Commissioner). RREAG, US Branch The U.S. casualty portfolio of RREAG, US Branch was transferred to Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. in 2019. The remaining property and specialty business portfolio of RREAG, US Branch will be runoff until all liabilities are extinguished, a process that we expect to take several years. RREAG, US Branch is licensed in New York and Kansas and it is an accredited reinsurer in 48 states, and the District of Columbia. The NYDFS is RREAG, US Branch’s insurance regulator in the U.S. RREAG, US Branch is subject to New York’s holding company laws as well as laws and regulations pertaining to solvency, capital and surplus, authorized investments, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, cybersecurity, corporate governance and the financial risks related to climate-related risk, such as climate change. As of December 31, 2025, we believe RREAG, US Branch exceeded all applicable minimum capital and surplus requirements. The NYDFS may conduct periodic examinations of RREAG, US Branch and requires the filing of annual and other reports relating to RREAG, US Branch’s financial condition and risk-based capital levels. RREAG, US Branch does not pay ordinary dividends and would need approval from the NYDFS for any return of capital to RREAG. Reinsurance Regulation The insurance laws of each U.S. state indirectly regulate the sale of reinsurance to licensed ceding insurers by non-admitted alien reinsurers acting from locations outside the state through the state’s credit for reinsurance laws. With some exceptions, the sale of insurance within a jurisdiction where the insurer is not admitted to do business is prohibited. 23 Although reinsurance contract terms and rates are generally not subject to regulation by state insurance authorities, a U.S. insurance company ordinarily will enter into a reinsurance agreement only if it can obtain credit on its statutory financial statements for the reinsurance ceded. State insurance regulators permit U.S. ceding insurers to take credit for reinsurance ceded to non-admitted, non-U.S. reinsurers, or “alien reinsurers,” if the reinsurance contract contains certain minimum provisions and the alien reinsurer provides appropriate security for its outstanding obligations. The amount of security that an alien reinsurer may be required to provide and the form of that security varies significantly and depends on an alien reinsurer’s financial strength and its status in a given U.S. state. As alien reinsurers, Renaissance Reinsurance, DaVinci Reinsurance, Fontana US, RREAG, RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S., and Vermeer have each been approved by one or more U.S. states as a “Certified Reinsurer” or “Reciprocal Jurisdiction Reinsurer,” which permits it to post reduced or zero security, respectively, while still allowing its cedants to take financial statement credit for the reinsurance. Federal Oversight and Other Government Intervention Although generally the insurance industry is not directly regulated by the federal government, federal legislation and initiatives can affect the industry and our business. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Federal Insurance Office, which performs various functions with respect to insurance, including the submission of reports to Congress that could ultimately lead to changes in the regulation of insurers and reinsurers in the U.S., and has preemption authority over state insurance laws that conflict with certain international agreements. The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the U.S. Treasury and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative to enter into international agreements of mutual recognition regarding the prudential regulation of insurance or reinsurance, or “covered agreements” that address insurance prudential measures and credit for reinsurance. U.K. Regulation Overview RenaissanceRe’s principle risk taking balance sheets in the U.K. are Syndicate 1458 at Lloyd’s, which is managed by RSML and RREAG, UK Branch. The PRA and the FCA regulate all financial services firms in the U.K. including the Lloyd’s market, RSML and RREAG, UK Branch, and have substantial powers of intervention in relation to regulated firms. Under the Lloyd’s Acts, the Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for regulating and directing underwriting at Lloyd’s. Co-operation agreements between Lloyd’s and the FCA and the PRA set out, amongst other things, the co-operation and information sharing between Lloyd’s. If it appears to either the PRA or the FCA that either Lloyd’s is not fulfilling its delegated regulatory responsibilities or that managing agents are not complying with the applicable law and regulation, the PRA or the FCA may intervene in the regulation of individuals and entities operating at Lloyd’s and impose penalties or sanctions for non-compliance or misconduct. Lloyd’s Regulation The operations of RSML are subject to oversight by Lloyd’s, substantially effected through the Council of Lloyd’s. RSML’s business plan for Syndicate 1458, including maximum underwriting capacity, requires annual approval by Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s may require changes to any business plan presented to it or additional capital to be provided to support the underwriting plan. We have deposited certain assets with Lloyd’s to support the underwriting business at Lloyd’s of RenaissanceRe CCL, the sole corporate member of Syndicate 1458. RenaissanceRe also participates in the writing of other syndicates at Lloyd’s (managed by third-party managing agents) through RenaissanceRe Corporate Member (No. 2) Limited. The obligations of RenaissanceRe’s corporate members of Lloyd’s include the following: • Capital Requirements. The underwriting capacity of a member of Lloyd’s must be supported by providing a deposit, referred to as “Funds at Lloyd’s” or “FAL,” in an amount determined on the basis of such entity’s solvency and capital requirements. The amount of such deposit is calculated for each member through the completion of an annual capital adequacy exercise. In addition, if the FAL are not sufficient to cover all losses, the Lloyd’s Central Fund provides an additional level of security for policyholders. Dividends from a Lloyd’s managing agent and a Lloyd’s corporate 24 member can be declared and paid provided the relevant company has sufficient profits available for distribution. • Ratings . The financial security of the Lloyd’s market as a whole is regularly assessed by three independent rating agencies (A.M. Best, S&P and Fitch). Syndicates at Lloyd’s take their financial security rating from the rating of the Lloyd’s market. • Intervention Powers . The Council of Lloyd’s has wide discretionary powers to regulate members’ underwriting at Lloyd’s, including, the power to withdraw a member’s permission to underwrite business or to underwrite a particular class of business and to change the basis on which syndicate expenses are allocated. • Assessments. If the Council of Lloyd’s determines that additional resources are required for the Central Fund, it may require underwriting members to make additional contributions, including by calling all or part of members’ “callable contributions,” the level and calculation basis of which is set by the Council of Lloyd’s from time to time. Disclosure and Reporting Requirements RSML is required to provide Lloyd’s with annual financial statements for Syndicate 1458. These financial statements are then published and made publicly available by Lloyd’s on the Lloyd’s website. Capital and Surplus Requirements Following “Brexit,” with effect from December 31, 2024, the capital adequacy of insurers and reinsurers in the U.K., including Syndicates at Lloyd’s is determined under the PRA’s prudential regime for insurers commonly referred to as “Solvency UK.” Solvency UK reforms the PRA’s previous prudential regulation framework, Solvency II, which was established by EU law and transposed into U.K. law. Under Solvency UK, an insurer’s or reinsurer’s capital adequacy in relation to various insurance and business risks may be measured with an internal model developed by the insurer or reinsurer and approved for use by the PRA. RREAG, UK Branch is not required to hold capital at the branch level. In light of this and related matters, the PRA granted various modifications and waivers to RREAG, UK Branch from its Solvency UK regulatory reporting requirements. Lloyd’s is subject to an annual PRA solvency test which measures whether Lloyd’s has sufficient assets in the aggregate to meet all outstanding liabilities of its members, both current and run-off. If Lloyd’s fails this test, the PRA may require the entire Lloyd’s market to cease underwriting or individual Lloyd’s members may be required to cease or reduce their underwriting. Change of Control Prior approval from the PRA (with consent from the FCA) and Lloyd’s is required before any person or entity, together with its associates, acquires “control” of a regulated insurer, reinsurer, or Lloyd’s managing agent and prior approval is required from Lloyd’s in respect of a corporate member. Any company or individual that, together with its or his associates, acquires or controls 10% or more of the shares or voting power in a regulated insurer, reinsurer, Lloyd’s managing agent, or corporate member or its parent company, would be considered to have acquired control for these purposes, as would a person who had significant influence over the management of such entity or its parent company by virtue of their shareholding or voting power in either. A purchaser of 10% or more of RenaissanceRe’s common shares or voting power would therefore be considered to have acquired control of RSML or RenaissanceRe CCL. Swiss Regulation Overview RREAG is a reinsurance company licensed and supervised by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, or FINMA. As such, RREAG must comply with Swiss insurance supervisory law and regulations applicable to reinsurers. RREAG maintains branch operations in Australia, Bermuda, the U.K. and the U.S., each in accordance with applicable local regulations. In addition, the group affiliate 25 RenaissanceRe Services of Switzerland AG must comply with applicable provisions of the Swiss Financial Services Act to continue its distribution activities for insurance-linked securities. Adequacy of Financial Resources RREAG must comply with capital, solvency, and reserve requirements, such as the Swiss Solvency Test, or SST, under applicable Swiss regulations, including the Insurance Supervision Act and the Insurance Supervision Ordinance. Certain of these requirements may be determined by FINMA. The solvency requirement of the SST is met if the available risk-bearing capital exceeds the required target capital. The SST has been recognized by the EU as an equivalent standard to European standards. At December 31, 2025, we believe RREAG exceeded the minimum solvency and capital requirements required to be maintained under Swiss law. These and other regulations limit the amount of capital that RREAG may distribute to its holding company parent. Additional Regulatory Requirements RREAG is subject to additional regulatory requirements under Swiss law, including the following: • Reporting and Disclosure Requirements. RREAG is required to submit an annual report (including audited financial statements and a management report), FCR, an annual supervisory report, and a forward-looking self-assessment of its risk situation and capital requirements, or ORSA, to FINMA each year. RREAG is also required to maintain and update with FINMA a regulatory business plan, including details on their organization, financials, qualified participants, management, oversight, control persons, and responsible actuary. RREAG must notify FINMA of any changes to its business plan, and FINMA is required to approve certain changes. • Dividends and Distributions. RREAG may only distribute dividends out of its retained earnings or distributable reserves based on the audited annual accounts. Any distribution of dividends may be subject to the approval of FINMA (as a change of the regulatory business plan) if they have a bearing on the solvency of the reinsurer and/or the interests of the insured. Change of Control Any person who intends to directly or indirectly participate in RREAG with a participation reaching or exceeding the thresholds of 10% of the capital or voting rights in RREAG must notify FINMA. Moreover, any participant of RREAG must notify FINMA if it changes its participation to cross below certain thresholds of the capital or voting rights in RREAG. Irish Regulation Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe DAC is a non-life insurance company licensed and supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland. As such, it is subject to the requirements of Solvency II. It must also comply with Irish insurance acts and regulations as well as with directions and guidance issued by the CBI. Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe DAC and Renaissance Services of Europe Ltd., our Dublin-based Irish service company, are both registered with the Companies Registration Office in Ireland and subject to the Companies Act 2014. RenaissanceRe Medici ICAV is an Irish collective asset-management vehicle established pursuant to the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 and the European Communities (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2011. The ICAV is authorized by the CBI as an umbrella fund with segregated liability between sub-funds. Additional Regulation Certain of our other branches and affiliated entities are subject to regulation in other jurisdictions, including those described below. We do not regard the effect of these regulations to be material to us at this time. • Singapore : Branches of Renaissance Reinsurance and DaVinci Reinsurance based in the Republic of Singapore have each received a license to carry on insurance business as a general reinsurer and are regulated by ACRA as a foreign company pursuant to Singapore’s Companies Act. 26 Renaissance Services of Asia Pte. Ltd., our Singapore-based service company, is registered with ACRA and subject to Singapore’s Companies Act. • Australia : RREAG, Australia Branch, based in Sydney, Australia, provides coverage to insurers and reinsurers, principally, from Australia and New Zealand. The activities of RREAG, Australia Branch are licensed and regulated by APRA and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Pursuant to these regulations, RREAG, Australia Branch is subject to certain reporting and capital requirements in Australia. 27 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS “2024 Large Loss Events” Hurricanes Milton and Helene, and the Other 2024 Large Loss Events “2025 Large Loss Events” a series of wildfires that burned throughout southern California in January 2025 (the “California Wildfires”), Hurricane Melissa and the Other 2025 Large Loss Events “ACR” additional case reserves “AIG” American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation and NYSE-listed company (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries) “AlphaCat Funds” collectively, certain third-party closed-end and open-end Bermuda mutual funds and one managed account that are managed by AlphaCat Managers. “AlphaCat Managers” AlphaCat Managers Ltd. “AlphaCat Re” AlphaCat Reinsurance Ltd. “A.M. Best” A.M. Best Company, Inc. “ACRA” Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority “APRA” Australian Prudential Regulation Authority “ASC” Accounting Standards Codification “Baltimore Bridge Collapse” the collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore following a collision with a cargo ship in March 2024 “BEPS” Base Erosion and Profit Shifting “BMA” Bermuda Monetary Authority “Board” the Board of Directors of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. “BSCR” Bermuda solvency and capital requirement “CIT” Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 “Code of Ethics” RenaissanceRe’s Code of Ethics and Conduct “ComFrame” Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups “DaVinci” DaVinciRe Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries “DaVinci Reinsurance” DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd. “ECR” Enhanced Capital Requirement “ERM” enterprise risk management “EU” European Union “Exchange Act” the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended “FAL” a deposit that must be submitted to support the underwriting capacity of a member of Lloyd’s “FASB” Financial Accounting Standards Board “FCA” U.K. Financial Conduct Authority “FCR” financial condition report “FINMA” Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority “Fitch” Fitch Ratings Ltd. “Fontana” Fontana Holdings L.P. and its subsidiaries “Fontana Re” Fontana Reinsurance Ltd. “Fontana US” Fontana Reinsurance U.S. Ltd. “Form 10-K” this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 “GAAP” generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. “GloBE Rules” global anti-base erosion model rules, approved by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS “IAIG” Internationally Active Insurance Groups “IAIS” International Association of Insurance Supervisors 28 “IBNR” incurred but not reported “Insurance Act” Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 “MIA” Maryland Insurance Administration “Medici” RenaissanceRe Medici Fund Ltd. “Medici UCITS” RenaissanceRe Medici UCITS Fund “Moody’s” Moody’s Investors Service “NOC1” NOC1, a segregated account of Upsilon Fund “NYDFS” New York State Department of Financial Services “NYSE” New York Stock Exchange “OECD” Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development “OFAC” U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control “ORSA” Own Risk and Solvency Assessment “Other 2024 Large Loss Events” the Baltimore Bridge Collapse, a series of severe convective storms impacting the Southern and Midwest United States, the Hualien earthquake which impacted Taiwan in April 2024, a severe hailstorm which impacted Calgary in August 2024, Hurricanes Debby and Beryl, and certain aggregate loss contracts triggered during 2024 “Other 2025 Large Loss Events” the crash of American Airlines flight 5342, certain refinery fires in the first quarter of 2025, the crash of UPS Airlines flight 2976, and the Grasberg mine landslide “PFIC” passive foreign investment company “PGGM” PGGM Vermogensbeheer B.V. “Pillar II Rules” the GloBE Rules and the OECD commentary and administrative guidance interpreting and expanding the GloBE Rules “Platinum” Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd. “PRA” U.K. Prudential Regulatory Authority “Proxy Statement” Proxy Statement for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2026 “REMS©” Renaissance Exposure Management System “Renaissance Reinsurance” Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd. “Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe DAC” Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe Designated Activity Company “Renaissance Reinsurance U.S.” Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. Inc. “RenaissanceRe” RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. “RenaissanceRe CCL” RenaissanceRe Corporate Capital (UK) Limited “RenaissanceRe Finance” RenaissanceRe Finance Inc. “RenaissanceRe Group” RenaissanceRe group of companies “RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S.” RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S. Ltd. “RFM” RenaissanceRe Fund Management Ltd. “RREAG” RenaissanceRe Europe AG “RREAG, Australia Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, Australia Branch “RREAG, Bermuda Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, Bermuda Branch, an overseas company that has been granted a permit from the Minister of Finance to engage in or carry on any trade or business pursuant to the Companies Act and which is also registered to carry on insurance business as a Class 4 insurer pursuant to the Insurance Act in Bermuda “RREAG, UK Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, UK Branch “RREAG, US Branch” RenaissanceRe Europe AG, US Branch “RSML” RenaissanceRe Syndicate Management Ltd. 29 “RUM” Renaissance Underwriting Managers, Ltd. “S&P” Standard and Poor’s Rating Services “SEC” U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission “Securities Act” Securities Act of 1933, as amended “SPI” special purpose insurer “SST” Swiss Solvency Test “State Farm” State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company “Stock Purchase Agreement” Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2023, among RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and AIG, as amended “Stratos” Stratos, a segregated account of Upsilon Fund “Syndicate 1458” RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458 “TMR” collectively, Tokio Millennium Re AG and certain associated entities and subsidiaries “Top Layer” Top Layer Reinsurance Ltd. “Tower Hill Companies” collectively, our investments in a group of Tower Hill affiliated companies including Bluegrass Insurance Management, LLC, Tower Hill Claims Service, LLC, Tower Hill Holdings, Inc., Tower Hill Insurance Group, LLC, Tower Hill Insurance Managers, LLC, Tower Hill Re Holdings, Inc., Tower Hill Risk Management LLC and Tomoka Re Holdings, Inc. “U.K.” United Kingdom “U.S. persons” a citizen or resident of the United States, a U.S. partnership or corporation, or an estate or trust that is not a foreign estate or trust “U.S. Treasury” U.S. Department of the Treasury “U.S.” United States of America “Upsilon” collectively, Upsilon Fund and Upsilon RFO “Upsilon Diversified” RenaissanceRe Upsilon Diversified Fund, a segregated account of Upsilon Fund “Upsilon Fund” RenaissanceRe Upsilon Fund Ltd. “Upsilon RFO” Upsilon RFO Re Ltd. “Validus” Validus Holdings, Validus Specialty, and their respective subsidiaries that were acquired in the Validus Acquisition (including Validus Re and Validus Holdings (UK) Ltd), collectively “Validus Acquisition” The acquisitions under the Stock Purchase Agreement, together with the other transactions contemplated in the Stock Purchase Agreement. “Validus Re” Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. “Validus Switzerland” Validus Reinsurance (Switzerland) Ltd “Vermeer” Vermeer Reinsurance Ltd. “VIE” variable interest entity 30 GLOSSARY OF SELECTED (RE)INSURANCE TERMS Accident year Year of occurrence of a loss. Claim payments and reserves for claims and claim expenses are allocated to the year in which the loss occurred for losses occurring contracts and in the year the loss was reported for claims made contracts. Acquisition expenses The aggregate expenses incurred by a company for acquiring new business, including commissions, underwriting expenses, premium taxes and administrative expenses. Additional case reserves; ACR Additional case reserves represent management’s estimate of reserves for claims and claim expenses that are allocated to specific contracts, less paid and reported losses by the client. Attachment point The dollar amount of loss (per occurrence or in the aggregate, as the case may be) above which excess of loss reinsurance becomes operative. Bordereaux A report providing premium or loss data with respect to identified specific risks. This report is periodically furnished to a reinsurer by the ceding insurers or reinsurers. Bound A (re)insurance contract is considered bound, and the (re)insurer responsible for the risks of the contract, when both parties agree to the terms and conditions set forth in the contract. Broker An intermediary who negotiates contracts of insurance or reinsurance, receiving a commission for placement and other services rendered, between (1) a policy holder and a primary insurer, on behalf of the insured party, (2) a primary insurer and reinsurer, on behalf of the primary insurer, or (3) a reinsurer and a retrocessionaire, on behalf of the reinsurer. Capacity The percentage of surplus, or the dollar amount of exposure, that an insurer or reinsurer is willing or able to place at risk. Capacity may apply to a single risk, a program, a line of business or an entire book of business. Capacity may be constrained by legal restrictions, corporate restrictions or indirect restrictions. Case reserves Loss reserves, established with respect to specific, individual reported claims. Casualty insurance or reinsurance Insurance or reinsurance that is primarily concerned with the losses caused by injuries to third persons and their property (in other words, persons other than the policyholder) and the legal liability imposed on the insured resulting therefrom. Also referred to as liability insurance. Catastrophe A severe loss, typically involving multiple claimants. Common perils include earthquakes, hurricanes, hailstorms, severe winter weather, floods, fires, tornadoes, typhoons, explosions and other natural or man-made disasters. Catastrophe losses may also arise from acts of war, acts of terrorism and political instability. Catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance A form of excess of loss reinsurance that, subject to a specified limit, indemnifies the ceding company for the amount of loss in excess of a specified retention with respect to an accumulation of losses resulting from a “catastrophe.” Catastrophe-linked securities; cat-linked securities Cat-linked securities are generally privately placed fixed income securities where all or a portion of the repayment of the principal is linked to catastrophic events. This includes securities where the repayment is linked to the occurrence and/or size of, for example, one or more hurricanes or earthquakes, or insured industry losses associated with these catastrophic events. Cede; cedant; ceding company When a party reinsures its liability with another, it “cedes” business and is referred to as the “cedant” or “ceding company.” 31 Claim Request by an insured or reinsured for indemnification by an insurance company or a reinsurance company for losses incurred from an insured peril or event. Claims made contracts Contracts that cover claims for losses occurring during a specified period that are reported during the term of the contract. Claims and claim expense ratio, net The ratio of net claims and claim expenses to net premiums earned determined in accordance with either statutory accounting principles or GAAP. Claim reserves Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect the estimated costs of claim payments and the related expenses that the insurer or reinsurer will ultimately be required to pay in respect of insurance or reinsurance policies it has issued. Claims reserves consist of case reserves, established with respect to individual reported claims, additional case reserves and “IBNR” reserves. For reinsurers, loss expense reserves are generally not significant because substantially all of the loss expenses associated with particular claims are incurred by the primary insurer and reported to reinsurers as losses. Combined ratio The combined ratio is the sum of the net claims and claim expense ratio and the underwriting expense ratio. A combined ratio below 100% generally indicates profitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income. A combined ratio over 100% generally indicates unprofitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income. Delegated authority A contractual arrangement between an insurer or reinsurer and an agent whereby the agent is authorized to bind insurance or reinsurance on behalf of the insurer or reinsurer. The authority is normally limited to a particular class or classes of business and a particular territory. The exercise of the authority to bind insurance or reinsurance is normally subject to underwriting guidelines and other restrictions such as maximum premium income. Under the delegated authority, the agent is responsible for issuing policy documentation, the collection of premium and may also be responsible for the settlement of claims. Excess of loss reinsurance or insurance Reinsurance or insurance that indemnifies the reinsured or insured against all or a specified portion of losses on underlying insurance policies in excess of a specified amount, which is called a “level” or “retention.” Also known as non-proportional reinsurance. Excess of loss reinsurance is written in layers. A reinsurer or group of reinsurers accepts a layer of coverage up to a specified amount. The total coverage purchased by the cedant is referred to as a “program” and will typically be placed with predetermined reinsurers in pre-negotiated layers. Any liability exceeding the outer limit of the program reverts to the ceding company, which also bears the credit risk of a reinsurer’s insolvency. Exclusions Those risks, perils, or classes of insurance with respect to which the reinsurer will not pay loss or provide reinsurance, notwithstanding the other terms and conditions of reinsurance. Expense override An amount paid to a ceding company in addition to the acquisition cost to compensate for overhead expenses. Frequency The number of claims occurring during a given coverage period. Funds at Lloyd’s Funds of an approved form that are lodged and held in trust at Lloyd’s as security for a member’s underwriting activities. They comprise the members’ deposit, personal reserve fund and special reserve fund and may be drawn down in the event that the member’s syndicate level premium trust funds are insufficient to cover its liabilities. The amount of the deposit is related to the member’s premium income limit and also the nature of the underwriting account. 32 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States Accounting principles as set forth in the statements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and related guidance, which are applicable in the circumstances as of the date in question. Gross premiums written Total premiums for insurance written and assumed reinsurance during a given period. Incurred but not reported; IBNR Reserves for estimated losses that have been incurred by insureds and reinsureds but not yet reported to the insurer or reinsurer, including unknown future developments on losses that are known to the insurer or reinsurer. Insurance-linked securities Financial instruments whose values are driven by (re)insurance loss events. Our investments in insurance-linked securities are generally linked to property losses due to natural catastrophes. International Financial Reporting Standards Accounting principles, standards and interpretations as set forth in opinions of the International Accounting Standards Board which are applicable in the circumstances as of the date in question. Layer The interval between the retention or attachment point and the maximum limit of indemnity for which a reinsurer is responsible. Line The amount of excess of loss reinsurance protection provided to an insurer or another reinsurer, often referred to as limit. Line of business The general classification of insurance written by insurers and reinsurers, e.g. , fire, allied lines, homeowners and surety, among others. Lloyd’s Depending on the context, this term may refer to (a) the society of individual and corporate underwriting members that insure and reinsure risks as members of one or more syndicates (i.e., Lloyd’s is not an insurance company); (b) the underwriting room in the Lloyd’s building in which managing agents underwrite insurance and reinsurance on behalf of their syndicate members (in this sense Lloyd’s should be understood as a market place); or (c) the Corporation of Lloyd’s which regulates and provides support services to the Lloyd’s market. Loss; losses An occurrence that is the basis for submission and/or payment of a claim. Whether losses are covered, limited or excluded from coverage is dependent on the terms of the policy. Loss reserve For an individual loss, an estimate of the amount the insurer expects to pay for the reported claim. For total losses, estimates of expected payments for reported and unreported claims. These may include amounts for claims expenses. Managing agent An underwriting agent which has permission from Lloyd’s to manage a syndicate and carry on underwriting and other functions for a member. Net claims and claim expenses The expenses of settling claims, net of recoveries, including legal and other fees and the portion of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs (also known as claim adjustment expenses or loss adjustment expenses) plus losses incurred with respect to net claims. Net claims and claim expense ratio Net claims and claim expenses incurred expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Net premiums earned The portion of net premiums written during or prior to a given period that was actually recognized as income during such period. Net premiums written Gross premiums written for a given period less premiums ceded to reinsurers and retrocessionaires during such period. Perils This term refers to the causes of possible loss in the property field, such as fire, windstorm, collision, hail, etc. In the casualty field, the term “hazard” is more frequently used. 33 Profit commission A provision found in some reinsurance agreements that provides for profit sharing. Parties agree to a formula for calculating profit, an allowance for the reinsurer’s expenses, and the cedant’s share of such profit after expenses. Property insurance or reinsurance Insurance or reinsurance that provides coverage to a person with an insurable interest in tangible property for that person’s property loss, damage or loss of use. Property per risk Reinsurance on a treaty basis of individual property risks insured by a ceding company. Proportional reinsurance A generic term describing all forms of reinsurance in which the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the original premiums and losses of the reinsured. (Also known as pro rata reinsurance, quota share reinsurance or participating reinsurance.) In proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer generally pays the ceding company a ceding commission. The ceding commission generally is based on the ceding company’s cost of acquiring the business being reinsured (including commissions, premium taxes, assessments and miscellaneous administrative expense) and also may include a profit factor. See also “Quota Share Reinsurance.” Quota share reinsurance A form of proportional reinsurance in which the reinsurer assumes an agreed percentage of each insurance policy being reinsured and shares all premiums and losses accordingly with the reinsured. See also “Proportional Reinsurance.” Reinstatement premium The premium charged for the restoration of the reinsurance limit of a contract to its full amount after payment by the reinsurer of losses as a result of an occurrence. Reinsurance An arrangement in which an insurance company, the reinsurer, agrees to indemnify another insurance or reinsurance company, the ceding company, against all or a portion of the insurance or reinsurance risks underwritten by the ceding company under one or more policies. Reinsurance can provide a ceding company with several benefits, including a reduction in net liability on insurances and catastrophe protection from large or multiple losses. Reinsurance also provides a ceding company with additional underwriting capacity by permitting it to accept larger risks and write more business than would be possible without an equivalent increase in capital and surplus, and facilitates the maintenance of acceptable financial ratios by the ceding company. Reinsurance does not legally discharge the primary insurer from its liability with respect to its obligations to the insured. Reinsurance to Close Also referred to as a RITC, it is a contract to transfer the responsibility for discharging all the liabilities that attach to one year of account of a syndicate into a later year of account of the same or different syndicate in return for a premium. Retention The amount or portion of risk that an insurer retains for its own account. Losses in excess of the retention level are paid by the reinsurer. In proportional treaties, the retention may be a percentage of the original policy’s limit. In excess of loss business, the retention is a dollar amount of loss, a loss ratio or a percentage. Retrocedant A reinsurer who cedes all or a portion of its assumed insurance to another reinsurer. 34 Retrocessional reinsurance; Retrocessionaire A transaction whereby a reinsurer cedes to another reinsurer, the retrocessionaire, all or part of the reinsurance that the first reinsurer has assumed. Retrocessional reinsurance does not legally discharge the ceding reinsurer from its liability with respect to its obligations to the reinsured. Reinsurance companies cede risks to retrocessionaires for reasons similar to those that cause primary insurers to purchase reinsurance: to reduce net liability on insurances, to protect against catastrophic losses, to stabilize financial ratios and to obtain additional underwriting capacity. Risks A term used to denote the physical units of property at risk or the object of insurance protection that are not perils or hazards. Also defined as chance of loss or uncertainty of loss. Solvency II A set of regulatory requirements that codify and harmonize the EU insurance and reinsurance regulation. Among other things, these requirements impact the amount of capital that EU insurance and reinsurance companies are required to hold. Solvency II came into effect on January 1, 2016. Solvency UK A set of regulatory requirements that codify insurance and reinsurance regulation in the U.K. Among other things, these requirements determine the amount of capital that insurance and reinsurance companies in the U.K. are required to hold. Solvency UK came into effect on December 31, 2024. Specialty lines Lines of insurance and reinsurance that provide coverage for risks that are often unusual or difficult to place and do not fit the underwriting criteria of standard commercial products carriers. Statutory accounting principles Recording transactions and preparing financial statements in accordance with the rules and procedures prescribed or permitted by Bermuda, U.S. state insurance regulatory authorities including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and/or in accordance with Lloyd’s specific principles, all of which generally reflect a liquidating, rather than going concern, concept of accounting. Stop loss A form of reinsurance under which the reinsurer pays some or all of a cedant’s aggregate retained losses in excess of a predetermined dollar amount or in excess of a percentage of premium. Submission An unprocessed application for (i) insurance coverage forwarded to a primary insurer by a prospective policyholder or by a broker on behalf of such prospective policyholder, (ii) reinsurance coverage forwarded to a reinsurer by a prospective ceding insurer or by a broker or intermediary on behalf of such prospective ceding insurer or (iii) retrocessional coverage forwarded to a retrocessionaire by a prospective ceding reinsurer or by a broker or intermediary on behalf of such prospective ceding reinsurer. Surplus lines insurance Any type of coverage that cannot be placed with an insurer admitted to do business in a certain jurisdiction. Risks placed in excess and surplus lines markets are often substandard in respect to adverse loss experience, unusual, or unable to be placed in conventional markets due to a shortage of capacity. Syndicate A member or group of members underwriting (re)insurance business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a managing agent or substitute agent to which a syndicate number is assigned. Treaty A reinsurance agreement covering a book or class of business that is automatically accepted on a bulk basis by a reinsurer. A treaty contains common contract terms along with a specific risk definition, data on limit and retention, and provisions for premium and duration. Underwriting The insurer’s or reinsurer’s process of reviewing applications submitted for insurance coverage, deciding whether to accept all or part of the coverage requested and determining the applicable premiums. 35 Underwriting capacity The maximum amount that an insurance company can underwrite. The limit is generally determined by a company’s retained earnings and investment capital. Reinsurance serves to increase a company’s underwriting capacity by reducing its exposure from particular risks. Underwriting expense ratio The ratio of the sum of the acquisition expenses and operational expenses to net premiums earned. Underwriting expenses The aggregate of policy acquisition costs, including commissions, and the portion of administrative, general and other expenses attributable to underwriting operations. Unearned premium The portion of premiums written representing the unexpired portions of the policies or contracts that the insurer or reinsurer has on its books as of a certain date. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We maintain a website at www.renre.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We also make available, free of charge from our website, our Audit Committee Charter, Corporate Governance and Human Capital Management Committee Charter, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and Code of Ethics. Such information is also available in print for any shareholder who sends a request to RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Attn: Office of the Corporate Secretary, P.O. Box HM 2527, Hamilton, HMGX, Bermuda. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC’s website is www.sec.gov . ITEM 1A.

