TICKER: ROIV
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and other aspects of our business and industry remains uncertain. Over time, provisions of the IRA could increase our government discount and rebate liabilities, reduce the revenues
            we may eventually be able to collect from sales of our products as well as present potential challenges for payor negotiations and formulary access. In October 2022, former President Biden issued executive order 14087 calling on the Secretary to consider whether to select for testing by the CMS innovation center new
          health care payment and delivery models that would lower drug costs and promote access to innovative drug therapies for beneficiaries enrolled in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, including models that may lead to lower cost-sharing for
          commonly used drugs and support value-based payment that promotes high-quality care. In response, the CMS innovation center released a report in February 2023, identifying three selected models: Medicare High-Value Drug Model, the Cell & Gene
          Therapy Access Model, and the Accelerating Clinical Evidence Model. However, within his initial days in office, President Trump issued an executive order rescinding former President Biden’s executive order 14087, thereby cancelling the Medicare
          High-Value Drug Model and the Accelerating Clinical Evidence Model. HHS has indicated, however, that the Cell & Gene Therapy Access Model will continue as planned. The Trump Administration may pursue new or different drug pricing, trade, social, and other policy objectives from prior administrations, which
          introduces further uncertainty as to how future legislative or regulatory changes may impact our business. For example, President Trump took executive action to end diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives among public-sector contractors and
          grantees. Additionally, in February 2025, the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) announced that it is rescinding agency policy regarding public participation in certain kinds of HHS rulemaking, known as the Richardson Waiver. Under
          the Richardson Waiver, HHS waived a statutory exemption that allowed the agency to enact regulation on matters relating to “agency management or personnel or to public property, loans, grants, benefits or contracts” without engaging in
          notice-and-comment rulemaking, except as otherwise required by law. Now that the Richardson Waiver has been revoked, HHS may opt not to seek public comment on regulations related to these types of matters, which may prevent us from meaningful
          engagement in the rulemaking process. However, the extent to which HHS will use its discretion not to provide notice-and-comment procedures or the specific topics it views as subject to the Richardson Waiver remain unknown at this time. Moreover,
          the Trump Administration announced plans to restructure HHS, including substantial reductions in work force. It is not clear how this restructuring will impact our business. Finally, the Trump Administration has announced broad tariffs on foreign
          imports, which in many cases has caused other nations to levy reciprocal tariffs on goods manufactured in the United States. It also is possible that specific tariffs on pharmaceutical products are forthcoming. These measures could impact our
          costs for raw materials and manufacturing as well as the market for our future products. Further, some of the Trump Administration’s policy initiatives may be subject to litigation, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business. It is possible that Congress or the Administration may take further actions to control drug prices. Further federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory developments
          are likely, and we expect these already enacted and ongoing initiatives to increase pressure on drug pricing. Reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenues from product candidates and may affect our overall financial condition and
          ability to develop product candidates. For example, a budget resolution that passed the House of Representatives in February 2025 instructed the House Energy & Commerce Committee to reduce the federal deficit by at least $880 billion over 10
          years, and the majority of these cuts are expected to impact the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program (“CHIP”). These cuts could involve reducing the scope of coverage under Medicaid and CHIP, including as it relates to
          prescription drug benefits. 39 Table of Contents At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biotherapeutic product pricing,
          including restrictions on pricing or reimbursement at the state government level, limitations on discounts to patients, marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, policies to encourage importation from other
          countries (subject to federal approval) and bulk purchasing, including the National Medicaid Pooling Initiative. In particular, the obligation to provide notices of price increases to purchasers under laws such as California’s SB-17 may influence
          customer ordering patterns for our product candidates, following regulatory approval, which in turn may increase the volatility of our revenues as a reflection of changes in inventory volumes. In addition, some state legislatures have established
          Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (“PDABs”), which under certain circumstances may conduct affordability reviews and establish upper payment limits (“UPLSs”) for drugs purchased in the state. For example, on August 4, 2023, the Colorado PDAB
          commenced an affordability review of five prescription drugs, including three products that are indicated to treat plaque psoriasis (ENBREL®, COSENTYX®, STELARA®). Amgen subsequently brought suit challenging the legality of the Colorado PDAB’s
          efforts to set a UPL for ENBREL, but that suit was dismissed without prejudice in March 2025 for lack of standing, in part because the Colorado PDAB has not yet issued UPLs impacting Amgen’s products. We cannot predict the outcome of such state
          PDAB affordability reviews or payment limitations or their impact on our future products. We may continue to see additional state action related to prescription drug pricing. Packaging and Distribution in the United States If our product candidates are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration once approved, additional laws and
          requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state
          consumer protection and unfair competition laws. The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security
          requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale, diversion or misuse of pharmaceutical products. The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet
          applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial
          or withdrawal of product approvals, or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur
          significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way. Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our
          manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely
          affect the operation of our business. Other U.S. Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and Regulations We may be subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment
          and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste
          products. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste products, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury
          resulting from the use or disposal of our hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and
          penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. We maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees, but this insurance may not provide adequate
          coverage against potential liabilities. However, we do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Current or future environmental
          laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 40 Table of Contents U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of our future products, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the
          Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during
          the FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date and only those claims covering such approved drug product, a method for
          using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. The patent-term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA plus the time between the submission date
          of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension
          and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply
          for restoration of patent term for our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA
          or BLA. Marketing exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent
          marketing exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which
          is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the
          applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also
          provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA
          to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not
          prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to
          conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. European Union and United Kingdom Drug Development On June 23, 2016, the electorate in the U.K. voted in favor of leaving the European Union (commonly referred to as Brexit). Thereafter, on March 29, 2017, the country
          formally notified the European Union of its intention to withdraw pursuant to Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. The U.K. formally left the European Union on January 31, 2020. A transition period began on February 1, 2020, during which E.U.
          pharmaceutical law remained applicable in the U.K. However, this ended on December 31, 2020. On December 30, 2020, the U.K. and European Union signed the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which includes an agreement on free trade between the two
          parties, although provides minimal provisions on medicinal products. Since that time, Great Britain operated a separate regulatory regime for medicinal products, although Northern Ireland continued to follow E.U. law. Further, on March 24, 2023,
          an agreement was reached by the U.K. and E.U. (the “Windsor Agreement”), relating to post-Brexit trade issues in Northern Ireland, which has applied from January 1, 2025. The Windsor Agreement seeks to simplify the supply of medicines between
          Great Britain and Northern Ireland and means the E.U. legislation does not apply in all cases in Northern Ireland. Since the regulatory framework in the U.K. covering the quality, safety and efficacy of pharmaceutical products, clinical trials,
          marketing authorizations, commercial sales, and distribution of pharmaceutical products is derived from E.U. Directives and Regulations, Brexit could materially impact the future regulatory regime which applies to products and the approval of
          product candidates in the U.K., as the U.K. legislation now has the potential to diverge from E.U. legislation. This continues to impact regulatory requirements for medicinal products and devices in the U.K. The MHRA has published detailed
          guidance for industry and organizations on the positions in the U.K., and continues to update them as the U.K.’s regulatory position on medicinal products and medical devices evolves. There are also a number of ongoing consultations on the future
          legislation in the U.K. In the EEA, which is comprised of the Member States of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, and in the U.K., our future products also may be subject to
          extensive regulatory requirements. As in the U.S., medicinal products can be marketed only if a marketing authorization from the relevant competent authority has been obtained. Similar to the U.S., the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the EEA and U.K. are subject to significant regulatory controls. The E.U. clinical trials legislation underwent a transition process due to the application of the new Clinical Trials Regulation (E.U.) No 536/2014 (the “Regulation”), which
          is mainly aimed at harmonizing and streamlining clinical trial authorization, simplifying adverse-event reporting procedures, improving the supervision of clinical trials and increasing their transparency. In April 2014, the E.U. adopted the
          Regulation, which started to apply on January 31, 2022 and replaced the previous Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC (the “Directive”). Specifically, the new Regulation, which is directly applicable in all Member States without the need for E.U.
          Member States to transpose it into national law, aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical trials in the E.U. For instance, the new Regulation provides for a streamlined application procedure via a single entry point and
          strictly defined deadlines for the assessment of clinical trial applications. It also provides for increased transparency and proactive publication of clinical trial documents and results, subject to certain exceptions and derogations. 41 Table of Contents Following Brexit, this Regulation is not applicable in the U.K., and the national legislation put in place to implement the Directive continues to apply to trials conducted
          in the U.K., although a consultation is ongoing in relation to future changes. European Union and United Kingdom Drug Marketing Much like the federal Anti-Kickback Statue prohibition in the U.S., the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians and healthcare organizations to induce or encourage
          the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order, administration or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the EEA and U.K. E.U. Directive 2001/83/EC, which is the Directive governing medicinal products for human
          use, as implemented in the relevant Member State and the U.K., the national anti-bribery laws of the European Union Member States, and the Bribery Act 2010 in the U.K., as well as the industry Codes of Practice that are based on the European
          Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) Code of Practice, collectively prohibit the provision of benefits or advantages to induce or reward improper performance. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial
          fines and imprisonment. E.U. Directive 2001/83/EC further provides that, where medicinal products are being promoted to persons qualified to prescribe or supply them, no gifts, pecuniary advantages or benefits in kind may be supplied, offered or
          promised to such persons unless they are inexpensive and relevant to the practice of medicine or pharmacy. This provision has been transposed into the national laws of the E.U. Member States, as well as in the U.K. Human Medicines Regulations
          2012 and so remains applicable in the U.K. despite its departure from the E.U. Promotion of prescription-only medicinal products to an audience other than healthcare professionals is prohibited in the EEA and the U.K. Depending on the applicable national rules in the E.U. Member States and the U.K., payments and other transfers of value made to physicians, physician associations, medical
          students, healthcare organizations, patient organizations and other stakeholders in the E.U. Member States, the U.K. and Member States of the EEA must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior
          notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his or her competent professional organization and the regulatory authorities of the individual country. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional
          codes of conduct, applicable in the relevant country. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. European Union and United Kingdom Drug Review and Approval In the EEA, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a marketing authorization (“MA”). There are two main types of marketing authorizations for
          innovative medicinal products, which, however, are based on largely identical regulatory rules, requirements and timelines, including the requirements concerning the presentation and content of the application for marketing authorization. • The centralized MA is issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (the “CHMP”), of the EMA, and is valid
                  throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicinal products (gene-therapy,
                  somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune
                  dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical
                  innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EEA. • National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of
                  the centralized procedure. If a product is to be authorized in more than one Member State, the assessment procedure is coordinated between the relevant E.U. Member States. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a
                  Member State of the EEA, the national MA can be recognized in another Member State through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved
                  simultaneously in various Member States through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of
                  which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State (the “RMS”). The competent authority of the RMS coordinates the preparation of a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics (the “SmPC”), and a
                  draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Concerned Member States) for their final approval. If the Concerned Member States raise no objections, based on a potential serious
                  risk to public health, to the assessment, SmPC, labeling, or packaging circulated by the RMS, the coordinated procedures is closed, and the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the
                  Concerned Member States). 42 Table of Contents Under the above-described procedures, during the assessment of the documents submitted in the MAA and before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the
          Member States of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. The centralised MAs are granted by the European Commission, where the national
          MAs are granted by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA. Now that the U.K. has left the European Union, and following the changes introduced by the Windsor Agreement, the countries of the U.K. are no longer covered by centralized
          MAs. On January 1, 2024, the International Recognition Procedure (“IRP”) was introduced, whereby the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (the “MHRA”), the U.K. medicines regulator, may rely on a decision taken by other
          international regulators, including the European Commission and the U.S. FDA, in order to more quickly grant a new MA valid in Great Britain or the U.K. A separate application will, however, still be required and the MHRA has the right to
          undertake its own assessment of the dossier. There are two such routes, allowing recognition in a 60-day or 110-day timelines. The IRP is in addition to the MHRA’s national procedures, including the shortened 150-day timetable. European Union and United Kingdom Data Protection and Market Exclusivity In the EEA and U.K., innovative medicinal products, approved on the basis of a full dossier of preclinical and clinical data as part of the MAA, qualify for eight years of
          data protection upon marketing authorization and an additional two years of market exclusivity. The data protection, if granted, prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from referencing the innovator’s preclinical and clinical trial data
          contained in the dossier of the reference innovative product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA in the EEA/U.K., for a period of eight years from the date of authorization of the reference product. During the additional two-year period
          of market exclusivity, a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization application can be submitted, and the innovator’s data may be referenced, but no generic or biosimilar product can be marketed until the expiration of the market exclusivity.
          The overall ten-year period can be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the
          scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are determined to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with currently approved therapies. Even if an innovative medicinal product gains the prescribed period of data protection,
          however, another company may market another version of the product if such company obtained a MA based on a marketing authorization application with a complete independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical
          trials (i.e., without cross-referencing to the data within the reference innovative product). European Union and United Kingdom Orphan Designation and Exclusivity In the EEA, the European Commission, based on the scientific assessment from the EMA’s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, grants orphan drug designation to promote the
          development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions and either (i) such condition affects not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EEA, or (ii) it is
          unlikely that the development of the medicine would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment in its development. In either case, the applicant must also demonstrate that no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or
          treatment has been authorized (or, if a method exists, the product would be a significant benefit to those affected compared to the product available). In the EEA, orphan drug designation entitles a party to benefits such as scientific advice (protocol assistance) and financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee
          waivers. In addition, if the criteria for orphan designation are found to be maintained at the time of authorization of the product, ten years of market exclusivity is granted following grant of an orphan marketing authorization. During this
          market exclusivity period, neither the EMA nor the European Commission nor any of the competent authorities in the EEA Members States can accept an application or grant a marketing authorization for a “similar medicinal product” for the same
          indication. A “similar medicinal product” is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication.
          This orphan exclusivity period may be reduced to six years if the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Market
          exclusivity may also be broken, so a similar product may be authorized for the same indication, in very select cases, such as if (i) it is established that a similar medicinal product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to
          the authorized product; (ii) the marketing authorization holder consents to the grant of marketing authorization for the similar product; or (iii) the marketing authorization holder cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product. Orphan drug
          designation must be requested before submitting an application for marketing approval. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process and must be confirmed at the
          time of grant of the marketing authorization (i.e., reassessment of compliance with the orphan designation criteria). 43 Table of Contents On April 26, 2023, as part of the E.U. Pharmaceutical Strategy, the European Commission published a proposal for a comprehensive revision of the E.U. pharmaceutical
          legislation. If adopted by the European Parliament and the Council, the new legislation is likely to significantly change the regulatory regime applicable to both (i) the “non-orphan” data protection and market exclusivity regime described in the
          previous section; and (ii) the orphan exclusivities. Subject to the outcome of the ongoing legislative process in the European Parliament and the Council, the revisions may potentially reduce/modulate the rewards that could be granted to both
          non-orphan and orphan medicinal products. In addition, the proposal envisages changes to the concept of unmet medical need and considers introducing novel rewards for orphan medical products addressing high unmet medical need. The adoption of the
          new legislation is not expected before the end of 2025 at the earliest and it will start to apply 18 months after the entry in force. Following Brexit, a separate process for orphan drug designation applies in the U.K. There is no pre-marketing authorization orphan designation step required (as there is in
          the EEA), and the application for orphan designation will be reviewed by the MHRA at the time of the marketing authorization application. The criteria are the same as in the EEA, save that they apply to the U.K. only (e.g., there must be no
          satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition concerned in the U.K.). Following the application of the Windsor Agreement on January 1, 2025, orphan products cover the whole of the U.K. European Union and United Kingdom Pediatric Investigation Plan In the EEA and U.K., MAAs for new medicinal products have to include the results of studies conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric
          investigation plan (a “PIP”), agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee (a “PDCO”) or MHRA as relevant. The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the drug for which marketing
          authorization is being sought. The PDCO/MHRA can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures of the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the
          obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO/MHRA when this data is not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product
          is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. If a marketing authorization is obtained and trial results are included in the
          product information, even when negative, and the product is approved in all Member States, non-orphan products are eligible for six months’ supplementary protection certificate extension. In the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year
          extension of the orphan market exclusivity may be available. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. As noted above, the upcoming legislative reforms in the E.U., which are part of the new E.U. Pharmaceutical Strategy may, potentially result in a reduction of the above
          pediatric rewards and imposition of additional requirements for grant of rewards. European Union and United Kingdom Data Protection Regime The processing of personal data, including health data, in the EEA is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), which became effective May 25, 2018.
          The GDPR applies to any company established in the EEA and to companies established outside the EEA that process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the European Union or EEA or the monitoring of
          the behavior of data subjects in the European Union or EEA. The GDPR enhances data protection obligations for data controllers of personal data, including inter alia stringent requirements relating to lawful and legitimate basis and purposes for
          the processing of personal data, the consent of data subjects, expanded disclosures about how personal data is used, requirements to conduct privacy impact assessments for “high risk” processing, limitations on retention of personal data,
          appointment of a data protection officers, conclusion of data processing agreements, mandatory data breach notification and “privacy by design” requirements, and creates direct obligations on service providers acting as data processors. The GDPR
          also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA to countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection, like the U.S. In the past, one such data transfer mechanism was the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, but the
          Privacy Shield was invalidated for international transfers of personal data in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”). In July 2023, the U.S. and E.U. implemented the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) replacing
          the invalidated Privacy Shield. Companies can now use this new mechanism to transfer personal data from the E.U. to the U.S. and from Switzerland to the U.S. The U.K. Extension to the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Data Bridge”) entered into
          force in October 2023, allowing certifying entities to transfer personal data from the U.K. to the U.S. At the moment it is unclear whether the anticipated legal challenges against the DPF, which may be similar to the challenge that led to the
          invalidation of the Privacy Shield, would be successful. It is also unclear if changes introduced in the U.S. by the Trump Administration will lead the European Commission to reconsider the DPF. Related questions were raised in the European
          Parliament in the beginning of 2025. In July 2020, the CJEU upheld the validity of standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”) as a legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the
          European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection and in July 2021, the European Commission adopted new SCCs. Even so, companies relying on SCCs must, subject to additional guidance from regulators in the EEA and the
          U.K., regularly evaluate and implement supplementary measures that provide privacy protections additional to those provided under SCCs. 44 Table of Contents The use of the new SCCs may increase the legal risks and liabilities under EEA privacy, data protection and information security laws. Given that, at present, there are few,
          if any, viable alternatives to the SCCs and the DPF, any transfers by us or our

--- VENDORS ---
vendors of personal information from the EEA to the U.S. may not comply with the EEA data protection laws, which may increase our exposure to the GDPR’s heightened
          sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions and may prohibit our transfer of EEA personal information outside of the EEA (including clinical trial data), and may adversely impact our operations and product development. The competent authorities and courts in a number of E.U. Member States continue to closely scrutinize and question the GDPR compliance of processing of personal data by
          U.S.-based entities or entities with links to U.S.-based entities, independently of whether personal data is actually transferred outside the EEA. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws
          of the EEA Member States may result in fines up to €20 million or 4% of a company’s global annual revenues for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. Moreover, the GDPR grants data subjects the right to claim material and non-material
          damages resulting from infringement of the GDPR. In June 2021, the CJEU issued a ruling that expanded the scope of the “one stop shop” under the GDPR. According to the ruling, the competent authorities of E.U. Member States may, under certain
          strict conditions, bring claims to their national courts against a company for breaches of the GDPR, including unlawful cross-border processing activities, even such company does not have an establishment in the E.U. member state in question and
          the competent authority bringing the claim is not the lead supervisory authority. In addition, further to the U.K.’s exit from the European Union on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the U.K. at the end of the transition period on December 31,
          2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the U.K.’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain U.K. specific amendments) into U.K. law, referred to as the U.K. GDPR. The U.K.
          GDPR and the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 set out the U.K.’s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the European Union’s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the U.K. GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up
          to £17.5 million or 4% of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. With respect to transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.K., on June 28, 2021 the European Commission issued an adequacy decision in respect of the U.K.’s data protection
          framework, enabling data transfers from E.U. member states to the U.K. to continue without requiring organizations to put in place contractual or other measures in order to lawfully transfer personal data between the territories. While it is
          intended to last for at least four years, the adequacy decision will automatically expire in June 2025 unless the European Commission renews or extends it and may be modified or unilaterally revoked in the interim at any point, and if this occurs
          it could lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. On March 18, 2025, the European Commission proposed to extend its adequacy decision in favor of the U.K. for an additional six-month period. This would allow transfers of
          personal data from the E.U. to the U.K. to continue until December 27, 2025 and is intended to allow time for the legislative process to conclude in the U.K. Once this process is concluded, the European Commission will assess the new U.K. legal
          framework and decide on its adequacy. In the meantime, the U.K. data protection rules that were found adequate in June 2021 remain in place and continue to apply to data transferred from the E.U. Rest of the World Regulation For other countries outside of the European Union and the U.S., such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical
          trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that
          have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals,
          product recalls, seizure of products and operating restrictions. Additional Laws and Regulations Governing International Operations If we further expand our operations outside of the U.S., we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we
          plan to operate. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official,
          political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed
          in the U.S. to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain
          an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular
          challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical
          trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. Further, other anti-corruption laws, such as the U.K. Bribery Act, are broader and can regulate payments to
          non-governmental entities. 45 Table of Contents Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the U.S., or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information
          classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If we expand our presence outside of the U.S., it will require us to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws,
          and these laws may preclude us from developing,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP requirements for the manufacture of product candidates. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict
              regulatory requirements of the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities, we will not be able to secure or maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates. In addition, we have limited control over the ability of our contract
              manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities do not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if they
              withdraw any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates and, if approved, market our
              product candidates. Further, our reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured our product candidates ourselves, including: • inability to meet our product specifications and quality requirements consistently; • delay or inability to procure or expand sufficient manufacturing capacity; • manufacturing and product quality issues related to scale-up of manufacturing; • costs and validation of new equipment and facilities required for scale-up; • failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, including cGMP and similar standards; • deficient or improper record-keeping; • inability to negotiate manufacturing agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms; • termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; 77 Table of Contents • reliance on a limited number of sources, and in some cases, single sources for product components, such that if we are unable to secure a sufficient supply of these product components, we will be unable
                      to manufacture and sell our product candidates following regulatory approval in a timely fashion, in sufficient quantities or under acceptable terms; • lack of qualified backup suppliers for those components that are currently purchased from a sole or single source supplier; • operations of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier or other
                      regulatory sanctions related to the manufacturer of another company’s product candidates; • carrier disruptions or increased costs that are beyond our control; and • failure to deliver our product candidates under specified storage conditions and in a timely manner. Any of these events could lead to clinical trial delays, cost overruns, delay or failure to obtain regulatory approval or impact our ability to successfully commercialize
              our product candidates as well as potential product liability litigation, product recalls or product withdrawals. Some of these events could be the basis for FDA or other regulatory authority action, including injunction, recall, seizure,
              total or partial suspension of production, or suspension or revocation of manufacturing/import authorizations and GMP certificates. If the contract manufacturing facilities on which we rely do not continue to meet regulatory requirements or are unable to meet our requirements,
              including providing an adequate supply, our business will be harmed. All entities involved in the preparation of product candidates for clinical trials or commercial sale following regulatory approval, including our existing CMOs for all
              of our product candidates, are subject to extensive regulation. Components of a finished therapeutic product approved for commercial sale or used in late-stage clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with cGMP, or similar
              regulatory requirements outside the U.S. These regulations govern manufacturing processes and procedures, including record-keeping, and the implementation and operation of quality systems to control and assure the quality of investigational
              products and products approved for sale. Poor control of production processes can lead to the introduction of contaminants or to inadvertent changes in the properties or stability of our product candidates. Our failure, or the failure of
              third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in the issuance of inspectional observations on FDA’s Form-483, Warning or Untitled Letters, similar communications or objections by other authorities, public
              safety alerts identifying our company or product candidates and sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, import alerts, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocations,
              suspensions of production, seizures or recalls of product candidates, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect clinical supplies of our product candidates or, following regulatory
              approval, commercial supplies for those product candidates. We and our CMOs must supply all necessary documentation in support of an NDA or similar regulatory application on a timely basis, and must adhere to regulations enforced
              by the FDA and other regulatory agencies through their facilities inspection program. Some of our CMOs may not have produced a commercially approved pharmaceutical product and therefore may not have obtained the requisite regulatory authority
              approvals to do so. The facilities and quality systems of some or all of our third-party contractors must pass a pre-approval inspection for compliance with the applicable regulations as a condition of regulatory approval of our product
              candidates. In addition, the regulatory authorities may, at any time, audit or inspect a manufacturing facility involved with the preparation of our product candidates or the associated quality systems for compliance with the regulations
              applicable to the activities being conducted. Although we oversee the CMOs, we cannot control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our CMO partners for compliance with the regulatory requirements. If these facilities
              do not pass a pre-approval plant inspection, regulatory approval of the product candidates may not be granted or may be substantially delayed until any violations are corrected to the satisfaction of the regulatory authority, if ever. The regulatory authorities also may, at any time following approval of a product for sale, inspect the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contractors. If any
              such inspection or audit identifies a failure to comply with applicable regulations or if a violation of our product specifications or applicable regulations occurs independent of such an inspection or audit, we or the relevant regulatory
              authority may require remedial measures that may be costly and time consuming for us or a third party to implement, and that may include the temporary or permanent suspension of a clinical trial or commercial sales or the temporary or
              permanent closure of a facility. Any such remedial measures imposed upon us or third parties with whom we contract could materially harm our business. 78 Table of Contents Additionally, if supply from one approved manufacturer is interrupted, an alternative manufacturer would need to be qualified through a supplemental NDA or similar
              regulatory filing, which could result in further delay. The regulatory agencies may also require additional studies if a new manufacturer is relied upon for commercial production. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture
              our product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original CMO and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable
              to transfer such skills at all. In addition, if we are required to change CMOs for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new CMO maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable
              regulations. We will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new manufacturing process will produce our product candidates according to the specifications previously submitted to the FDA or another
              regulatory authority. The delays associated with the verification of a new CMO could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or commercialize our products in a timely manner or within budget. In addition, changes in
              manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be
              unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies, which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. Accordingly, switching manufacturers may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our
              desired clinical and commercial timelines. These factors could cause us to incur higher costs and could cause the delay or termination of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, required approvals or
              commercialization of our product candidates following regulatory approval. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to meet contractual requirements and we are unable to secure one or more replacement suppliers capable of production at a
              substantially equivalent cost, our clinical trials may be delayed or we could lose potential revenue. We may be dependent on one or a limited number of suppliers for certain components of our product candidates. For certain of our product candidates, we may now or in the future be dependent on one or a limited number of third-party suppliers for our product candidates. We cannot ensure that such suppliers will be
              available or have sufficient capacity or supply to meet our needs, or that they will not be acquired by a competitor and cease working with us as a result. As a result, we face a number of related
              risks, including disruptions or delays in the supply of our product candidates or price fluctuations for those supplies. From time to time, there may be a limited number of potential suppliers for our product candidates. If we were required to change suppliers, the manufacture and delivery of our product candidates could be
              interrupted for an extended period of time. Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for any of the components or processes used in our product candidates, if required, may not be accomplished quickly, if at all. Any replacement
              supplier would need to be qualified and may require additional regulatory approval, resulting in further delay. Any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain components or materials from
              alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could limit the supply of our product candidates available for use in clinical trials or commercial sale following applicable regulatory approvals. Additionally, the FDA, as part of
              its evaluation of our product candidates, will review the manufacturing processes and facilities of our suppliers. Any delay, or failure to receive, such approval, including as a result of delays in the FDA review of our suppliers, could
              delay or prevent the approval of our product candidates . Certain of our product candidates are novel, complex and difficult to manufacture. We could experience manufacturing problems that result in delays in
              our development or commercialization programs or otherwise harm our business. The manufacturing processes our CMOs use to produce our product candidates are novel, complex and have not necessarily been validated for commercial use. Several factors
              could cause production interruptions, including equipment malfunctions, facility contamination, raw material shortages or contamination, natural disasters, disruption in utility services, human error or disruptions in the operations of our
              suppliers. Our biologic product candidates may require processing steps that are more complex than those required for most small molecule drugs. Moreover, unlike small molecules,
              the physical and chemical properties of biologics generally cannot be fully characterized. As a result, assays of the finished product candidate may not be sufficient to ensure that the product candidate is consistent from lot-to-lot or will
              perform in the intended manner. Accordingly, our CMOs must employ multiple steps to control the manufacturing process to assure that the process is reproducible and the product candidate is made strictly and consistently in compliance with
              the process. Problems with the manufacturing process, even minor deviations from the normal process, could result in product candidate defects or manufacturing failures that result in lot failures, product recalls, product liability claims or
              insufficient inventory to conduct clinical trials or supply commercial markets. We may encounter problems achieving adequate quantities and quality of clinical-grade materials that meet the FDA, the E.U., the U.K. or other applicable
              standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yields and costs. In addition, the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA and other regulatory authorities may require us to submit samples of any lot of any approved product candidate together with the
              protocols showing the results of applicable tests at any time. Under some circumstances, the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA or other comparable regulatory authorities may require that we not distribute a lot until the agency authorizes its release.
              Slight deviations in the manufacturing process, including those affecting quality attributes and stability, may result in unacceptable changes in the product candidate that could result in lot failures or product recalls. Lot failures or
              product recalls could cause us to delay product launches or clinical trials, which could be costly to us and otherwise harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 79 Table of Contents Our CMOs also may encounter problems hiring and retaining the experienced scientific, quality assurance, quality-control and manufacturing personnel needed to operate our
              manufacturing processes, which could result in delays in production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Any problems in our CMOs’ manufacturing processes or facilities could result in delays in
              planned clinical trials and increased costs, and could make us a less attractive collaborator for potential partners, including larger biopharmaceutical companies and academic research institutions, which could limit access to additional
              attractive development programs. Problems in any of our manufacturing processes could restrict our ability to conduct clinical trials with our product candidates or meet potential future market demand for our product candidates following
              regulatory approval. We are subject to operational risks associated with the physical and digital infrastructure at the manufacturing facilities that our external service
              providers utilize. The manufacturing facilities we rely on may incorporate a significant level of automation of equipment with integration of several digital systems, including those that
              may utilize AI, to improve efficiency of operations. The digitization of these facilities exposes us to the risk of process equipment malfunctions. These risks include potential system failures or shutdowns due to internal or external factors
              including design issues, system compatibility or potential cybersecurity compromises, incidents or breaches. Upgrades or changes to these systems, infrastructure or the software that our external service providers implement, use, or upon
              which our business relies, may result in the introduction of new cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. The facilities and infrastructure of our contract manufacturers or other third-party providers may also be subject to attacks or acts of sabotage by outside actors,
              contractors or employees. Any disruption in our contract manufacturers’ manufacturing capabilities could delay scaling up production capacity for our product candidates or shut down facilities, impose
              additional costs, cause us to fail to meet certain product volume or delivery timing obligations, or may require us to identify, qualify and establish an alternative manufacturing site, which could adversely affect our business. Other Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to
              successfully implement our business strategy. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific
              and medical, financial, accounting and legal personnel. We have benefited substantially from the leadership, performance and vision of our senior leaders, including our Principal Executive Officer, Matthew Gline, as well as other senior
              executives at Roivant and the Vants. The loss of the services provided by any of our executive officers, other key employees and other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in delays in
              the development of our product candidates and harm our business. Due to the small number of employees at some of the Vants, the loss of a key employee may have a larger impact on our business. In addition, we rely on a limited number of
              employees in certain key jurisdictions, including the U.K. and Switzerland. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high, which may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on
              acceptable terms or at all. In addition, while we expect to engage in an orderly transition process as we integrate newly appointed officers and managers, we face a variety of risks and uncertainties related to management transition,
              including diversion of management attention from business concerns, failure to retain other key personnel or loss of institutional knowledge. Competition for senior leadership in the healthcare investment industry is intense, and we cannot
              guarantee that we will be able to retain our key personnel or that of our Vants. To encourage valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided certain equity awards that vest over time. The value to employees of
              equity awards that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our share price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Our employment
              agreements provide that our employees could leave our employment at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any members of our senior leadership team or other employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to
              attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. If we are unable to attract and incentivize quality personnel on acceptable terms, or
              at all, it may cause our business and operating results to suffer. We will need to expand our organization and may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt operations. 80 Table of Contents In connection with our continued growth, we expect to hire, either directly or through our current or future affiliates, additional employees for our managerial, finance and accounting,
              clinical, scientific and engineering, regulatory, operational, manufacturing, sales and marketing teams. We may have difficulties in connection with identifying, hiring, integrating and retaining new personnel. Future growth would impose
              significant additional responsibilities on management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain, motivate and integrate additional employees, consultants and contractors. Also, management may need to divert attention away from our
              day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of operations across our entities, which may result in weaknesses in infrastructure,
              give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our future growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from
              other projects, such as the development of product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and grow revenues could be reduced, and we may
              not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and ability to commercialize product candidates and new technologies and compete effectively will partly depend on our ability to effectively manage any future
              growth. Many of the other pharmaceutical and healthcare technology companies that we compete against for qualified personnel and consultants have greater financial and other resources, different risk
              profiles and a longer operating history in the industry than us. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these opportunities may be more appealing to high-quality candidates and
              consultants than what we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel and consultants, the rate and success at which we can discover and develop our product candidates will be harmed, which could
              negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our international operations may expose us to business, legal, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks associated with conducting business
              globally. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: • multiple conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and
                      licenses; • failure by us or our collaborators to obtain appropriate licenses or regulatory approvals for the sale or use of our product candidates in various countries; • difficulties in managing operations in different jurisdictions; • complexities associated with managing multiple payor-reimbursement regimes or self-pay systems; • financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable and exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations; • varying protection for intellectual property rights; • natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; and • failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), including its books and records provisions and its anti-bribery provisions, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 (the “U.K. Bribery Act”), and similar
                      anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, for example by failing to maintain accurate information and control over sales or distributors’ activities. Any of these risks, if encountered, could significantly harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, negatively impact our financial condition, results of
              operations and cash flows. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, contractors or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given
              the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of our facilities, requirements to obtain export
              licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in
              one or more countries and could harm our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, and our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological and scientific change, and there is a possibility that our competitors may achieve certain
              regulatory approvals before us or develop therapies that are safer, more advanced or more effective than ours, which may negatively impact our ability to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates following regulatory
              approval and ultimately harm our financial condition. 81 Table of Contents The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. Now and in the future we may face competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical
              companies, biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations worldwide. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring
              or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may
              need for the development of our technologies and product candidates. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that are currently pursuing the development and commercialization of product candidates for the treatment of the
              indications that we are also pursuing. Examples of such competing products include, but are not limited to: • VYVGART (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) and VYVGART Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc), neonatal Fc receptor blockers, potential competitors to IMVT-1402; • IMAAVY (nipocalimab-aahu) and RYSTIGGO (rozanolixizumab-noli), anti-FcRn antibodies, potential competitors to IMVT-1402; • TEPEZZA (teprotumumab-trbw), an insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor inhibitor, a potential competitor to batoclimab; • Dazukibart, an interferon beta (IFN-beta) inhibitor, a potential competitor to brepocitinib; and • Tyvaso (treprostinil), a prostacyclin mimetic, a potential competitor to mosliciguat. Many of our current or potential competitors, either alone or with their strategic partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development,
              manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also
              compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary
              for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less
              expensive than our product candidates. Furthermore, currently approved products could be discovered to have application for treatment of our targeted disease indications or similar indications, which could give such products significant
              regulatory and market timing advantages over our product candidates. Our competitors also may obtain regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we do and may obtain orphan product exclusivity from the FDA for indications that we
              are targeting, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, products or technologies developed by our competitors may render our product candidates
              uneconomical or obsolete and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates we may develop against competitors. In addition, we could face litigation or other proceedings with respect to the scope, ownership, validity and enforceability of our patents relating to our competitors’ products and our
              competitors may allege that our product candidates infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property. The availability of our competitors’ products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for our
              future products. The markets in which our healthcare technology and computational drug discovery Vants participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and
              operating results could be adversely affected. The overall market for healthcare technologies and software is global, rapidly evolving, competitive and subject to changing technology and shifting customer focus. Our healthcare technology
              Vants, including Lokavant, a clinical trial technology company, and Zest, which is building a medical dermatology platform, face competition from well-established providers of similar solutions, certain of which may have long-standing
              relationships with many of our current and potential customers, including large biopharmaceutical companies, payors, providers and other software and services vendors.  Our computational drug discovery Vants, including VantAI, which uses
              machine learning to build computational models to generate new molecular entities for targets of interest, and Psivant, which uses molecular dynamics to design small molecules for highly validated hard-to-drug targets, face competition from
              both established industry competitors and an increasing wave of competition in the in silico discovery and development worlds, including startups, large and mid-sized biopharmaceutical companies, large technology companies and others. Our
              computational drug discovery companies develop highly specific technologies designed to accelerate the process of drug discovery.  We have no assurance that our technologies will perform as expected, and new and existing competitors from
              academia, the startup ecosystem or established biopharmaceutical companies may already have or will develop more performant technology. The field is growing rapidly and more and better funded competitors will continue to enter our markets and
              innovate. 82 Table of Contents Many of our healthcare technology competitors are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their software solutions and services. Third parties with greater
              available resources and the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition could acquire our current or potential competitors. Our competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties
              that may further enhance their product offerings or resources, and may generally have more effective relationships with key healthcare stakeholders, including payors, providers, regulators and other software and services vendors, among
              others. If our competitors’ products, services or technologies are more capable or become more accepted than our solutions, if our competitors are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than we do or if our
              competitors are able to respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies or customer requirements than we can, then the business and prospects of these Vants could be adversely affected. We also face competition from solutions that biopharmaceutical companies develop internally and from smaller companies that offer products and services directed at more specific markets than
              we target, enabling these smaller competitors to focus a greater proportion of their efforts and resources on these markets, in both healthcare technology and drug discovery. Some of these competitors are involved in drug discovery (either themselves or with partners) and others develop software or other tools utilizing AI which can be used, directly or
              indirectly, in drug discovery. To the extent these other AI approaches to drug discovery prove to be more successful than our approaches, we may not be successful in identifying potential targets or attracting collaborators to work with us.
              Any of these risks, if encountered, could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We and our subsidiaries are subject to litigation and investigation risks which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and
              could cause the market value of our common shares to decline. Insurance coverage may not be available for, or adequate to cover, all potential exposure for litigation and other business risks. We and our subsidiaries are from time to time subject to various litigation matters and claims, including regulatory proceedings, administrative proceedings, product liability claims related
              to our clinical trials, securities litigation and other lawsuits, and governmental investigations. In addition, we and our subsidiaries may receive requests for information from governmental agencies in connection with their regulatory or
              investigatory authority or from private third parties pursuant to subpoena. These proceedings may be complex and prolonged, and may occupy the resources of our and our subsidiaries’ management and employees. These proceedings are also costly
              to prosecute and defend and may involve substantial awards or damages payable by us or our subsidiaries if not favorably resolved. We and our subsidiaries may be required to pay substantial amounts or grant certain rights on unfavorable terms
              in order to settle such proceedings. We also face risks relating to litigation arising from judgments made by us and the Vants as to the materiality of any developments in our businesses, including with respect to preclinical and clinical
              data, and the resulting disclosure (or lack thereof) may give rise to securities litigation. We maintain insurance policies for certain litigation and various business risks, but such policies may not be adequate to compensate us for any or all potential losses. In addition, such
              insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, our insurance, if available, may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and
              divert management’s attention. Because of the uncertain nature of litigation, investigations and insurance coverage decisions, it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters as they arise from time to time, and they could have a
              material adverse effect on our and our subsidiaries’ business, results of operations and financial condition, could impact our ability to consummate a transaction that is challenged or otherwise subject to such litigation and could cause the
              market value of our common shares to decline. We may not hold a controlling stake in certain of our Vant affiliates and thus may not be able to direct our business or the development of our product candidates. In certain of our Vants, we may hold less than a majority ownership interest or otherwise be limited in our ability to direct or control the business and the development of the product
              candidates or technologies at the Vant. In addition, for certain other Vants, including Immunovant, we may in the future come to hold less than a majority ownership interest in the Vant. Furthermore, even if we own a majority ownership
              interest in a Vant, we may not necessarily be able to control the outcome of certain corporate actions. If the business or development of a product candidate at one of these Vants were to face challenges, we would be adversely affected as a
              result and would be limited in our ability to cause or influence the Vant in question to take appropriate remediative actions. Our internal computer and other information technology systems, or those used by our collaborators, CROs or other contractors, consultants or third parties upon whom we
              rely, may fail or suffer other breakdowns, cyberattacks or information security breaches or incidents, including as a result of a deficiency in our cybersecurity practices, that could compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability
              of such systems and data, expose us to liability and affect our reputation. 83 Table of Contents We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business. We also rely on third-parties and their information technology systems. We generally
              require our third-party providers to implement effective security measures and to identify and correct for any information technology security failures, deficiencies or breaches. Although we seek to supervise such third parties’ security
              measures, our ability to do so is limited. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer and other information technology systems and those of our collaborators, CROs and other contractors, consultants and third
              parties upon whom we rely may be vulnerable to damage, outages and interruptions resulting from computer viruses and other malicious code or unauthorized access, or breached, compromised or otherwise subject to security incidents due to
              operator error, inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or other third parties, malfeasance, cybercriminals, natural disasters (including hurricanes and earthquakes), terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures or
              other system disruptions. Geopolitical events, such as wars and other conflicts, may increase the risks of cyber-attacks, disruptions and security breaches and incidents that we and these third parties face. Security threats can come from a
              variety of sources, ranging in sophistication from an individual hacker to a state-sponsored attack. Cyber threats may be broad-based or otherwise generic in nature, or they may be custom-crafted against our information technology systems or
              those of our collaborators, CROs or other contractors, consultants or third parties upon whom we rely. As the cyber-threat landscape evolves, cyber-attacks have become more prevalent, intense, sophisticated and much harder to detect and defend against. Such attacks could include the use of key
              loggers or other harmful and virulent malware, including ransomware or other denials of service, and can be deployed through malicious websites, the use of social engineering, including phishing attacks, and other means. We and our
              collaborators, CROs or other contractors, consultants and third parties upon whom we rely may not be able to anticipate all types of security threats, and we may not be able to implement preventive measures effective against all such security
              threats. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and can originate from a wide variety of sources. Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any such material system failure or
              security breach or incident to date, if a breakdown, cyberattack or other information security breach or incident were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs
              and our business operations, whether due to loss or misappropriation of trade secrets or loss of, or unauthorized modification, unavailability, disclosure or other unauthorized processing of, other proprietary information or other similar
              disruption, and we could incur liability and reputational damage. For example, any corruption, loss or other unavailability of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory
              approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for research and development of our product candidates and other third parties for
              the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer and other information technology systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Cyber-attacks, breaches, interruptions or other data security incidents could result in legal claims or proceedings by private parties or governmental authorities, liability under federal or
              state laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, significant remediation costs, disruption of key business operations and diversion of the attention of management and key information technology resources. In
              the United States, notice of breaches must be made to affected individuals, the HHS, and for extensive breaches, notice may need to be made to the public at large or U.S. state attorneys general. Such a notice could harm our reputation and
              our ability to compete. In addition, U.S. state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. There can be no assurance
              that we, our collaborators, CROs, contractors, consultants and any other business counterparties will be successful in efforts to detect, prevent, protect against or fully recover systems or data from all break-downs, service interruptions,
              attacks or security breaches or incidents. Although we maintain insurance protection against cybersecurity events or incidents, the costs related to significant security breaches, incidents or disruptions could be material and exceed the
              limits of any insurance coverage we have, and may result in increases in our insurance costs, or we may otherwise have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such incidents and to develop and implement protections to
              prevent future events of this nature from occurring. Relevant insurance may in the future become unavailable to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any disruption or security breach or incident that results in or is perceived to
              have resulted in a loss of, or damage to, our data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure, use, acquisition, transfer, modification, unavailability or other processing of confidential or proprietary information, including data related to our
              personnel, could result in the loss, unauthorized modification, use, unavailability, disclosure or other unauthorized processing of critical or sensitive data, and could cause us to incur liability. Further, in any such event, the development
              and commercialization of our product candidates following regulatory approval could be delayed and our business and operations could be adversely affected. Any of the foregoing could result in significant financial, legal or reputational harm
              to us and our business. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, information security and other policies, and contractual obligations relating to
              privacy and data protection and security, including the use, processing and cross-border transfer of personal information. These laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to
              our business practices, or monetary penalties, and otherwise may harm our business, as could any actual or perceived failure by us or third parties upon whom we rely to comply with such laws and regulations and other obligations. 84 Table of Contents Certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates collect, receive, store, and otherwise process significant and increasing volumes of personal data (including protected health information),
              research and developmental information, commercial information, and business and financial information, including information we collect about patients and healthcare providers in connection with clinical trials in the U.S. and abroad
              necessary to operate their businesses and for legal, marketing and other business-related purposes. We heavily rely on external security and infrastructure vendors to manage our information technology systems and data centers. We face a
              number of risks relative to protecting this critical information, including the loss of access, inappropriate use or disclosure, inappropriate modification, and the risk of our being unable to adequately monitor, audit and modify our controls
              over our critical information. This risk extends to third-party vendors and subcontractors we use to manage this sensitive data. We are subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations governing the collection, transmission, storage and use of personally-identifying information, which among other things,
              impose requirements relating to the privacy, security, transmission and disposal of such information. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve in jurisdictions worldwide. A failure by us,
              our subsidiaries or affiliates or vendors acting on our behalf to comply with applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations could result in enforcement actions against us, including possible fines, imprisonment of company
              officials and public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or
              prospects. New legislation anticipated to be enacted in various other states will continue to shape the U.S. data privacy regulatory framework. The effects on our business of this growing body of privacy and data protection laws, which vary
              from state to state, are potentially significant, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. There are numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy, data protection and security of personal information. At the federal level, regulations promulgated
              pursuant to HIPAA establish privacy and security standards for “covered entities” (group health plans and most healthcare providers) that limit the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information those entities and their
              service providers receive or create (“protected health information”), and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic
              protected health information. While we generally are not subject to the HIPAA privacy or security regulations, we do business with entities (including clinical trial investigators) that are subject to those regulations, and we have to expend
              resources to understand their obligations, adjust contractual terms in light of those obligations, or otherwise modify our business practices. Several U.S. states have enacted (as discussed further below) legislation specifically to regulate
              the collection, use, and disclosure of personal health information by entities not subject to the HIPAA privacy and security regulations. Other states have enacted laws that, while not specifically focused on personal health information,
              require heightened protections for that information to the extent it is not regulated by HIPAA. Given that we are generally not subject to HIPAA, these laws require us to invest in compliance resources and create liability risks for us. The Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), along with certain state attorneys general, have taken aggressive action to protect consumers’ privacy and the use of consumer personal information.
              Using its authority under Section 5 of the FTC Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive practices affecting consumers, the FTC has brought numerous cases against companies for failing to protect the privacy and security of personal
              information in a manner consistent with consumer expectations and such companies’ stated privacy policies, notices or other representations. Particularly because the FTC has taken these actions based on theories that are not codified in
              regulations, the risk of such an action is difficult to quantify and to mitigate. More than twenty U.S. states have enacted new privacy legislation in recent years and amended existing laws to address privacy risks posed by new technologies. With respect to personal
              information, for example, the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (the “CMIA”), which expressly applies to pharmaceutical companies as well as health care providers and health plans, provides protection for personal health
              information stored in mobile applications and similar technologies and imposes stringent data privacy and security requirements and obligations with respect to the personal health information of California residents. Among other things, the
              CMIA, with limited exceptions, requires that a pharmaceutical company obtain a signed, written authorization from a patient or company employee in order to disclose his or her personal health information and requires the company to maintain
              reasonable security measures to protect such information. The CMIA authorizes administrative fines and civil penalties of up to $25,000 for willful violations and up to $250,000 for violations made for purposes of financial gain, as well as
              criminal fines. Washington State’s My Health My Data Act, and a similar Nevada law, both of which apply broadly to entities collecting personal health information either within the state or about residents of the state, generally require
              consent for the collection and use of such information, as well as a separate consent for sharing any such information. Violations of the Washington State law can result in civil penalties of up to $7,500 per violation, up to $25,000 in
              treble damages at the sole discretion of the court, and injunctive relief. Consumers also may bring their own actions to recover (i) actual damages, (ii) treble damages; and (iii) attorney’s fees. Violations of the Nevada law can result in up
              to $10,000 civil penalties per violation and injunctive relief. 85 Table of Contents More broadly applicable state consumer privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), typically require us to provide notice to state residents regarding our
              collection, use, and sharing of their personal information, and give state residents the right to, among other things, limit the use and disclosure of their “sensitive” (including health) personal information other than for specified purposes
              and the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Most of the broadly applicable state privacy laws are enforceable only by state authorities, but the CCPA provides a private right of action for data security breaches that
              result in the compromise of certain sensitive personal information, which may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. Both the California Attorney General and the California Privacy Protection Agency
              have authority to implement and enforce the CCPA. Numerous other states in the United States have proposed or enacted similar legislation. Further, some states have enacted more specific legislation, such as Washington’s enactment of the My
              Health, My Data Act, which includes a private right of action. The U.S. federal government is also contemplating federal privacy legislation. Additionally, the U.S. Department of Justice recently issued a final rule that took effect in April
              2025 and places limitations, and in some cases prohibitions, on certain transfers of sensitive personal data to business partners located in China or with other specified links to China (and other designated countries). Outside of the U.S., laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal
              information. For example, in the E.U. the collection and use of personal data is governed by the provisions of the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”). The GDPR came into effect in May 2018, superseding the European Union
              Data Protection Directive, and imposing more stringent data privacy and security requirements on companies in relation to the processing of personal data. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the E.U.
              member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations on controllers, including inter alia : (i) accountability and transparency requirements and enhanced requirements for
              obtaining valid consent; (ii) obligations to consider data protection as any new products or services are developed and to limit the amount of personal data processed; (iii) obligations to comply with data protection rights of data subjects;
              and (iv) reporting of certain personal data breaches to the supervisory authority without undue delay (and no later than 72 hours where feasible). The GDPR also prohibits the transfer of personal data from the EEA to countries outside of the
              EEA unless made to a country deemed to have adequate data privacy laws by the European Commission or a data transfer mechanism has been put in place. The E.U.-US Privacy Shield was such a transfer mechanism put in place by the E.U. and the
              U.S., but the Privacy Shield was invalidated for international transfers of personal data in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”). A replacement of the Privacy Shield – the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”)
              was since developed. In July 2023, the U.S. and E.U. implemented the DPF. Companies can now use this new mechanism to transfer personal data from the E.U. to the U.S. and from Switzerland to the U.S., following the national implementation in
              Switzerland. The U.K. Extension to the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Data Bridge”) entered into force on October 12, 2023, allowing certifying entities to transfer personal data from the U.K. to the U.S. At the moment, it is unclear
              whether the anticipated legal challenges against the DPF, which may be similar to the challenge that led to the invalidation of the Privacy Shield, would be successful. It is also unclear whether actions by the Trump Administration will lead
              the European Commission to reconsider the DPF. Related questions were raised in the European Parliament in the beginning of 2025. While in July 2020 the CJEU upheld the validity of standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”) as a legal mechanism to transfer personal data to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not
              found to provide an adequate level of protection and while the European Commission adopted new SCCs in July 2021, companies relying on SCCs must, subject to additional guidance from regulators in the EEA and the U.K., regularly evaluate and
              implement supplementary measures that provide privacy protections additional to those provided under SCCs. The use of the new SCCs may increase the legal risks and liabilities under EEA privacy, data protection and information security laws.
              Given that, at present, there are few, if any, viable alternatives to the SCCs and the DPF, any transfers by us or our vendors of personal information from the EEA to the US may not comply with the EEA data protection laws, which may increase
              our exposure to the GDPR’s heightened sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions and may prohibit our transfer of EEA personal information outside of the EEA (including clinical trial data), and may adversely
              impact our operations, product development and ability to provide our products. The competent authorities and courts in a number of E.U. Member States increasingly scrutinize and question the GDPR compliance of processing of personal data by US-based entities or entities
              with links to US-based entities, independently of whether personal data is actually transferred outside the EEA. The GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4% of global annual revenue or €20 million, whichever is greater. Such
              fines are in addition to any civil litigation claims by customers and data subjects. European data protection authorities may interpret the GDPR and national laws differently and impose additional requirements, which contributes to the
              complexity of processing personal data in or from the EEA. In June 2021, the CJEU issued a ruling that expanded the scope of the “one stop shop” under the GDPR. According to the ruling, the competent authorities of E.U. Member States may,
              under certain strict conditions, bring claims to their national courts against a company for breaches of the GDPR, including unlawful cross-border processing activities, even such company does not have an establishment in the E.U. member
              state in question and the competent authority bringing the claim is not the lead supervisory authority. 86 Table of Contents Further, as of January 1, 2021, and the expiry of transitional arrangements agreed to between the U.K. and the E.U. ( i.e ., following the U.K.’s exit
              from the E.U.), data processing in the U.K. is governed by a U.K. version of the GDPR (combining the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018), exposing us to two parallel regimes, each of which potentially authorizes similar substantial fines
              and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for certain violations. With respect to transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.K., on June 28, 2021 the European Commission issued an adequacy decision in respect of the U.K.’s
              data protection framework, enabling data transfers from E.U. member states to the U.K. to continue without requiring organizations to put in place contractual or other measures in order to lawfully transfer personal data between the
              territories. While it is intended to last for at least four years, this adequacy decisions will automatically expire in June 2025 unless the European Commission renews or extends it and may be modified or unilaterally revoked in the interim
              at any point, and if this occurs it could lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. Moreover, other countries have also passed or are considering passing laws requiring local data residency or restricting the
              international transfer of data. In March 2024, the British Government published the Data Protection and Digital Information (No. 2) Bill intended to create a more business-friendly regime in the U.K. through changes to the existing
              legislation. At this stage it is unclear whether and when this legislation will be adopted and whether such legislative reforms could potentially lead the European Commission not to extend or to revoke the U.K. adequacy decision. On March 18,
              2025, the European Commission proposed to extend its adequacy decision in favor of the U.K. for an additional six-month period. This would allow transfers of personal data from the E.U. to the U.K. to continue until December 27, 2025 and is
              intended to allow time for the legislative process to conclude in the U.K. Once this process is concluded, the European Commission will assess the new U.K. legal framework and decide on its adequacy. In the meantime, the U.K. data protection
              rules that were found adequate in June 2021 remain in place and continue to apply to data transferred from the E.U. If we or our third-party service providers are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of personal information or other confidential data we process in our business, we could be
              found to have breached our contracts. Further, if we fail to comply with applicable privacy laws, we could face civil and criminal penalties. Enforcement activity from state Attorneys General and agencies such as the California Privacy
              Protection Agency, the FTC, E.U. Data Protection Authorities, and other regulatory authorities in relation to privacy and cybersecurity matters can result in financial liability and reputational harm, and responses to such enforcement
              activity can consume significant internal resources. In the U.S., the threat of class action lawsuits based on data security breaches or alleged unfair practices adds a further layer of risk. We cannot be sure how these privacy laws and
              regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at
              the federal and state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. Data privacy remains an evolving landscape at both the domestic and international level, with new laws and regulations frequently being adopted and coming into effect. It is possible that
              these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our current practices. Significant resources are needed to understand and comply with this changing landscape. Failure to comply with federal, state and
              international laws regarding privacy and security of personal information could expose us to penalties, including government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices or unwind certain lines of business, claims for
              damages or other liabilities, regulatory investigations and enforcement action, litigation and significant costs for remediation, any of which could adversely affect our business. Even absent any findings that we have violated these laws,
              government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. If we or our affiliates’ employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial collaborators, service providers or other vendors or
              potential collaborators fail to comply with healthcare laws or regulatory standards and requirements, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations, and financial conditions could be adversely affected. We are exposed to the risk that our or our affiliates’ employees and contractors, including principal investigators, CROs, CMOs, consultants, commercial collaborators, service providers and
              other vendors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct or other unauthorized activities that violate the laws and regulations of the FDA and other
              similar regulatory bodies, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such regulatory bodies; manufacturing and the FDA’s GCP, GLP and GMP standards; federal, state and foreign healthcare
              fraud and abuse laws and data privacy; or laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. In particular, sales, marketing and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to
              extensive laws intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, bribery, corruption, antitrust violations and other abusive practices. The laws that may impact our operations include the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act,
              the HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws and analogous state and foreign laws and regulations. These laws may restrict or prohibit a wide range of
              business activities, including research, manufacturing, distribution, pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Activities subject to these laws also involve
              the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creating fraudulent data in our nonclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of drug product, which could result in
              regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee or third-party misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling
              unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or regulations. 87 Table of Contents Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person, including any person who may have engaged in any fraud or misconduct, or government agency could allege such fraud or other misconduct,
              even if none occurred. Furthermore, we rely on our CROs and clinical trial sites to adequately report data from our ongoing clinical trials. Moreover, in some instances, our licensing partners conduct clinical trials with respect to product
              candidates in different territories and we rely on any such partners to share data from their ongoing clinical trials as required under our agreements with such partners. For example, any failure by such parties to adequately report safety
              signals to us in a timely manner from any such trials may also affect the approvability of our product candidates or cause delays and disruptions for the approval of our product candidates, if at all. If our or our affiliates’ employees,
              independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial collaborators, service providers or other vendors are alleged or found to be in violation of any such regulatory standards or requirements, or become subject to a
              corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement and curtailment of our operations, it could have a significant impact on our business and financial results, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative
              penalties, damages, monetary fines, suspension or delay in our clinical trials, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, FDA debarment, contractual damages, reputational harm,
              diminished profits and future earnings, and additional reporting requirements and oversight, any of which could harm our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. If product liability claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities, delay our planned or ongoing clinical trials and limit commercialization of our
              product candidates following regulatory approval. We face risks associated with product liability claims related to the use of our product candidates in clinical trials, future sales of our product candidates following regulatory approval or
              historical sales of approved products. We may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product
              liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state
              consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit testing and commercialization of our product candidates following regulatory
              approval. Even successful defense would require significant costs to defend litigation and a diversion of management’s time and resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in a decreased or interrupted
              demand for our product candidates, if approved, injury to our reputation, withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials, and initiation of investigation by regulators. Any successful liability claims
              could result in substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product recalls, withdrawals, or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources;
              the inability to commercialize any product candidate following regulatory approval; and a decline in our share price. The product liability insurance we currently carry, and any additional product liability insurance coverage we acquire in the future, may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or
              losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and in the future we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to
              liability. We have insurance coverage which extends to liabilities arising from our product candidates; however, there is no assurance that we will be able to maintain this insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate
              amounts or that this coverage will be sufficient to cover any losses arising from any claims related to those product candidates. Our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which
              we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital
              to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. A successful product liability
              claim or series of claims brought against us could adversely affect our results of operations and business, including preventing or limiting the commercialization of our product candidates following regulatory approval. If we or any contract manufacturers or suppliers we engage fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or
              penalties or incur costs that could harm our business. We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of
              hazardous materials and wastes. Certain of our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third
              parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held
              liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 88 Table of Contents Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this
              insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological,
              hazardous or radioactive materials. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may
              impair our research, development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, outbreak of disease or other natural disasters and our business
              continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. Earthquakes, hurricanes, fires or other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
              and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our offices, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party
              CMOs, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place
              currently are limited and are unlikely to prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which,
              particularly when taken together with our limited earthquake and flood insurance coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The increasing use of social media platforms presents new risks and challenges. Social media is increasingly being used to communicate about our research, product candidates and the diseases our product candidates are being developed to treat. Social media practices in
              the biopharmaceutical industry continue to evolve and regulations relating to such use are not always clear. This evolution creates uncertainty and risk of noncompliance with regulations applicable to our business, resulting in potential
              regulatory actions against us. For example, patients may use social media channels to comment on their experience in an ongoing blinded clinical study or to report an alleged adverse event. When such disclosures occur, there is a risk that we
              fail to monitor and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations or we may not be able to defend our business or the public’s legitimate interests in the face of the political and market pressures generated by social media due
              to restrictions on what we may say about our development candidates and investigational medicines. There is also a risk of inappropriate disclosure of sensitive information or negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social
              networking website. Furthermore, our employees, affiliates and business partners may use social media for their personal use, and their activities on social media or in other forums could result in adverse publicity for us. Any negative
              publicity as a result of social media posts, whether or not such claims are accurate, could adversely impact us. If any of these events were to occur or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face
              regulatory actions, or incur other harm to our business. The use of social media also creates additional risks in the EEA and the U.K. where promotion of prescription-only medicines to patients and the general public is strictly prohibited.
              Social media content that is generated, shared or liked by our company or our directors, employees, staff or other representatives may potentially be perceived or construed as constituting prohibited promotion of prescription-only medicinal
              products and trigger enforcement and penalties. This is an area of increased scrutiny in both the EEA and the U.K. The use of AI could expose us to liability or adversely affect our business. We and certain of our early-stage discovery Vants and healthcare technology businesses use machine learning and AI as part of their business. However, there are significant risks involved in
              utilizing AI and no assurance can be provided that our use of AI will enhance our business or operations or result in our business or operations being more efficient or profitable. For example, AI algorithms may be flawed, insufficient, of
              poor quality, reflect unwanted forms of bias, or contain other errors or inadequacies, any of which may not be easily detectable; AI has been known to produce false or “hallucinatory” inferences or outputs; AI can present ethical issues and
              may subject us to new or heightened legal, regulatory, ethical or other challenges; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by developers and end-users, or other factors adversely affecting public opinion of AI, could impair the
              acceptance of AI solutions, including those incorporated in our businesses. If the AI solutions that we create or use are deficient, inaccurate or controversial, we could suffer from competitive harm, legal liability, brand or reputational
              harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and financial results. If we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material or content on which our AI solutions or other AI tools we use rely, we also may incur liability
              through the violation of applicable laws, third-party intellectual property, privacy or other rights, or contracts to which we are a party. 89 Table of Contents In addition, regulation of AI is rapidly evolving worldwide as legislators and regulators are increasingly focused on these powerful emerging technologies. The technologies underlying AI and
              its uses are subject to a variety of laws, including intellectual property, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, consumer protection, competition and equal opportunity laws, and are expected to be subject to increased regulation and
              new laws or new applications of existing laws. AI is the subject of ongoing review by various U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies, and various U.S. states and other foreign jurisdictions are applying, or are considering applying, their
              platform moderation, cybersecurity and data protection laws to AI or are considering general legal frameworks for AI. For example, in August 2024, the E.U. Artificial Intelligence Act (the “E.U. AI Act”), which establishes broad obligations
              for the development and use of AI-based technologies in the E.U. based on their potential risks and level of impact, came into force. The E.U. AI Act includes requirements around transparency, conformity assessments and monitoring, risk
              assessments, human oversight, security, accuracy, general purpose AI and foundation models, and provides for fines of up to the greater of €35 million or 7% of worldwide annual turnover for violations. We may not be able to anticipate how to
              respond to these rapidly evolving frameworks, and we may need to expend resources to adjust our offerings in certain jurisdictions if the legal frameworks are inconsistent across jurisdictions. Furthermore, because AI technology itself is
              highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to the use of AI. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection for our technology and product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual
              property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. We rely, and will continue to rely, upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, collaborators, advisors and
              other third parties to protect the intellectual property related to our brand, current and future drug development programs and product candidates. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in
              the U.S. and other countries with respect to our product candidates. We seek to protect our proprietary position by in-licensing or acquiring intellectual property and filing or working with our licensors to file patent applications in the
              U.S. and abroad related to our product candidates, defending our intellectual property rights against third-party challenges and enforcing our intellectual property rights to prevent third-party infringement. The patent prosecution process is
              expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Furthermore, there is always a risk that our licensed or owned issued
              patents and any pending and future patent applications may not protect our product candidates, in whole or in part, and may not effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products, or that an alteration to our product
              candidates or processes may provide sufficient basis for a competitor to avoid infringing our patent claims. The risks associated with patent rights generally apply to patent rights that we in-license now or in the future, as well as patent
              rights that we may own now or in the future. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into
              non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of their research and development output, such as employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs,
              contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to obtain patent protection.
              In addition, while we have pre-publication review procedures in effect, premature or inadvertent publication of potentially patentable subject matter could preclude our ability to obtain patent protection. We may choose not to seek patent
              protection for certain innovations or product candidates and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions, and under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or
              limited in scope and, in any event, any patent protection we obtain may be limited. As a result, our product candidates may not be protected by patents in all jurisdictions. We generally apply for patents in those countries where we intend to
              make, have made, use, offer for sale, or sell our product candidates following regulatory approval and where we assess the risk of infringement to justify the cost of seeking patent protection. However, we do not seek protection in all
              countries where we intend to sell product candidates following regulatory approval and we may not accurately predict all the countries where patent protection would ultimately be desirable. If we fail to timely file a patent application in
              any such country or major market, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover product candidates in the U.S. or in other
              countries. We may also inadvertently make statements to regulatory agencies during the regulatory approval process that may be inconsistent with positions that have been taken during prosecution of our patents, which may result in such
              patents being narrowed, held unpatentable, invalidated or held unenforceable in enforcement and other adversarial proceedings. 90 Table of Contents The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates in the U.S. or in other countries. Our pending PCT patent
              applications are not eligible to become issued patents until, among other things, we file a national stage patent application within 30 months in the countries in which we seek patent protection. If we do not timely file any national stage
              patent applications, we may lose our priority date with respect to our PCT patent applications and any patent protection on the inventions disclosed in such PCT patent applications. We cannot guarantee any current or future patents will
              provide us with any meaningful protection of our product candidates or other technology or competitive advantage. For example, any issued patents might not cover the pharmaceutical composition of the product candidate that is ultimately
              commercialized following regulatory approval. There is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which can prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent
              application or be used to invalidate an issued patent or otherwise find an issued patent to be unpatentable. The examination process may require us to narrow our claims, which may limit the scope of patent protection that we may ultimately
              obtain. Even if patents do successfully issue and even if such patents cover our product candidates, third parties may challenge their patentability, validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowly
              construed, invalidated or held unenforceable or unpatentable, any of which could limit our ability to prevent competitors and other third parties from developing and marketing similar products or product candidates or limit the length of
              terms of patent protection we may have for our product candidates and technologies. Other companies may also design around technologies we have patented, licensed or developed. In addition, the issuance of a patent does not give us the right
              to practice the patented invention. Third parties may have blocking patents that could prevent us from marketing product candidates, or practicing our own patented technology, or impose a substantial royalty burden to do so. Any successful
              opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of product candidates following regulatory approval. Further, if we encounter delays in
              regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product candidate under patent protection could be reduced. If any of our patents are challenged, invalidated, circumvented by third parties or otherwise limited or
              expire prior to the commercialization of our product candidates following regulatory approval, and if we do not own or have exclusive rights to other enforceable patents protecting our product candidates or other technologies, competitors and
              other third parties could market products or product candidates and use processes that are substantially similar to, or superior to, ours and our business would suffer. If the patent applications we own or have in-licensed with respect to our product candidates fail to issue, if their validity, patentability, enforceability, breadth or
              strength of protection is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity for our product candidates, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop product candidates, and threaten our ability to
              commercialize our product candidates following regulatory approval. Any such outcome could have a materially adverse effect on our business. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much
              litigation. The standards that the USPTO and its counterparts in other countries use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly. In addition, the laws of countries other than the U.S. may not protect our patent rights
              and other intellectual property rights to the same extent as the state and federal laws of the U.S., and many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending such rights in such jurisdictions. For example, European
              patent law restricts the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body more than U.S. law does. Other parties have developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our own technologies and such parties may have filed or may file patent applications, or may have received or
              may receive patents, claiming inventions that may overlap or conflict with those claimed in our own or licensed patent applications or issued patents. Furthermore, publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the
              actual discoveries, and patent applications in the U.S. and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we or our licensors were
              the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or in-licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope,
              patentability, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or product candidates, in
              whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may diminish
              the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, patentability, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or
              patent offices in the U.S. and abroad. We are currently and may in the future be subject to third-party pre-issuance submissions of prior art to the USPTO or its equivalents and we or our licensors have in the past, and may in the future,
              become involved in opposition, derivation, re-examination, inter partes review (“IPR”), post-grant review or interference or derivation proceedings in the U.S. or in other jurisdictions challenging
              our patent rights or the patent rights of others. A third party may also claim that our owned or licensed patent rights are invalid or unenforceable in a litigation. 91 Table of Contents In addition, certain U.S. patents relating to lipid nanoparticle molar ratios and the aggregation of lipid nanoparticles that GSG, as assignee of Genevant Sciences Ltd. (“Genevant”),
              exclusively licensed from Arbutus Biopharma Corp. (“Arbutus”) have previously been the subject of IPR proceedings brought by Moderna Therapeutics, Inc. (“Moderna”) before the PTAB, whose decisions were subsequently reviewed by the U.S. Court
              of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the “Federal Circuit”). As previously disclosed, the Federal Circuit ultimately affirmed the PTAB’s decisions upholding certain claims under those patents and invalidating others. Additionally, one European
              patent (EU Patent No. EP2279254) relating to lipid nanoparticle molar ratios that Genevant exclusively licensed from Arbutus is the subject of an opposition proceeding brought in 2018 by Merck Sharp & Dohme Corporation and Moderna at the
              European Patent Office (the “EPO”) Opposition Division. In 2019, the EPO Opposition Division upheld claims as amended by an auxiliary request submitted by the patent owner. Merck and Moderna appealed and, in 2023, the Boards of Appeal of the
              EPO set aside the EPO Opposition Division decision and remitted the case to the EPO Opposition Division for further prosecution. In June 2024, the EPO Opposition Division upheld the patent with the same claims as amended as it had upheld in
              2019. All parties have appealed the decision, and the appeals are pending. Genevant may commence litigation at any time to enforce its patent rights against infringers. The outcome following legal assertions of unpatentability, invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could
              reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, result in our inability to manufacture or, following
              regulatory approval, commercialize product candidates without infringing third-party patent rights or result in our breach of agreements pursuant to which we license such rights to our collaborators or licensees. In addition, if the
              patentability, validity, breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize product candidates. Such
              challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable or unpatentable, in whole or in part, which could limit our freedom to operate, our ability to stop others from using or
              commercializing similar or identical technology and product candidates, or the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Such challenges also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from
              our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Even if they are unchallenged, our owned and in-licensed patents and pending patent applications, if issued, may not provide us with any meaningful protection or prevent competitors from
              designing around our patent claims to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or therapeutics in a non-infringing manner. For example, a third party may develop a competitive product that
              provides benefits similar to one or more of our product candidates but that falls outside the scope of our patent protection. Moreover, patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., the statutory expiration of a patent is generally 20 years
              from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extension and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity or other governmental fees. Various
              extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, are limited. Without patent protection, our product candidates may be open to competition from generic versions of such product candidates. Given the
              amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and
              in-licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to our own and, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
              condition, results of operations and prospects. The length of our patent terms may be inadequate to protect the competitive position of our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the statutory expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing
              date, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extension and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity or other governmental fees. In certain instances, the patent term may be adjusted to add
              additional days to compensate for delays incurred by the USPTO in issuing the patent. Also, the patent term may be extended for a period of time to compensate for at least a portion of the time a product candidate was undergoing FDA
              regulatory review. However, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, are limited. Even if patents covering product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from other products or
              product candidates, including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly
              after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and in-licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to our product
              candidates. If we do not obtain protection under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments by extending the patent term, our business may be harmed. Our commercial success will largely depend on our ability to obtain and maintain patent rights and other intellectual property rights in the U.S. and other countries with respect to our
              proprietary technology, product candidates and our target indications. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of product candidates, patents protecting our product candidates might expire before
              or shortly after such candidate begins to be commercialized. We expect to seek extensions of patent terms in the U.S. and, if available, in other countries where we are prosecuting patents. 92 Table of Contents Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for a limited patent term extension (“PTE”)
              under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent
              as compensation for patent term lost during development and the FDA regulatory review process, which is limited to the approved indication (and potentially additional indications approved during the period of extension) covered by the patent.
              This extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and is limited to only one patent that covers the approved product, the approved use of the product, or a method of
              manufacturing the product. Patent term extension also may be available in certain foreign countries, including the E.U. where it is known as a Supplementary Protection Certificate, upon regulatory approval of our product candidates, based on
              similar legislation. However, the applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in the U.S., and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and
              may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. We may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to
              expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time-period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. Even if we are able to obtain an extension,
              the patent term may still expire before or shortly after we receive FDA marketing approval for a given product candidate. If we are unable to extend the expiration date of our existing patents or obtain new patents with longer expiry dates, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our investment in
              development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to obtain approval of competing product candidates following our patent expiration and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by
              governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated as a result of non-compliance with these requirements. Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and other patent agencies in other jurisdictions in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO
              and various national or international patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In certain circumstances, we rely on our
              licensing partners to pay these fees due to U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies and to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases
              be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete
              loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of patent rights include, but are not limited to, failure to timely file national and regional stage patent applications based
              on our international patent applications, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, underpayment or non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents within prescribed time limits. If
              we or our licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than anticipated, which would have an adverse effect on our business. We rely on certain in-licensed patents and other intellectual property rights in connection with our development of certain product candidates and, if we fail to comply
              with our obligations under our existing and any future intellectual property licenses with third parties, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. Our ability to develop and eventually, if approved, commercialize product candidates is dependent, and will continue to be dependent, on licenses to patent rights and other intellectual
              property granted to us by third parties. Further, development and, following regulatory approval, commercialization of our product candidates may require us to enter into additional license or collaboration agreements. Our current license agreements impose, and future agreements may impose, various development, diligence, commercialization and other obligations on us and require us to meet development
              timelines, or to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products, in order to maintain the licenses. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these licenses, our licensors may have the right to
              terminate these license agreements, in which event we may not be able to market our product candidates following regulatory approval. Termination of any of our license agreements or reduction or elimination of our licensed rights may also
              result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated licenses with less favorable terms. Additionally, biotechnology and pharmaceutical license agreements are complex and certain provisions in our intellectual property agreements may be
              susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could affect the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or affect financial or other
              obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For example, disputes may arise with respect to our current or future licensing agreement include
              disputes relating to: • the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 93 Table of Contents • our financial or other obligations under the license agreement; • the extent to which our technology or product candidates may infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; • the sublicensing of patent and other rights; • our diligence obligations under the license agreements and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; • the inventorship or ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and • the priority of invention of patented technology. If disputes over intellectual property that we have in-licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to
              successfully develop and, following regulatory approval, commercialize our product candidates. If our licenses are terminated, we may lose our rights to develop and market our technology and product candidates, lose patent protection for our
              product candidates and technology, experience significant delays in the development and, following regulatory approval, commercialization of our product candidates or incur liability for damages. In addition, we may need to obtain additional
              licenses from our licensors and, in connection with obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing licenses in a manner that may be more favorable to the licensors, including by agreeing to terms that could enable third parties,
              including our competitors, to receive licenses to a portion of the intellectual property that is subject to our existing licenses and to compete with our product candidates. Furthermore, if our licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek
              regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical or competitive to ours and we may be required to cease our development and, following regulatory approval, commercialization of certain of our product candidates. Moreover, if disputes
              over intellectual property that we license prevent or impair our ability to maintain other licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. In
              addition, certain of these license agreements, may not be assignable by us without the consent of the respective licensor, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to engage in certain transactions. Any of the foregoing could have a
              material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to
              maintain or enforce the patents, covering technology that our licensor licenses from third parties. Therefore, we cannot be certain that these or other patents will be prosecuted, maintained and enforced in a manner consistent with the best
              interests of our business. Additionally, we may not have sufficient ability to provide input into the patent prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense process with respect to such patents, and our licensors may fail to take the steps
              that we believe are necessary or desirable in order to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend the in-licensed patents. If our current or future licensors or collaboration partners fail to obtain, maintain, defend, protect or enforce any patents
              or patent applications licensed to us, our rights to such patents and patent applications may be reduced or eliminated and our right to develop and, following regulatory approval, commercialize product candidates that are the subject of such
              licensed rights could be adversely affected. Furthermore, certain of our current and future licenses may not provide us with exclusive rights to use the licensed intellectual property and technology or may not provide us with rights to
              use such intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and product candidates in the future. The intellectual property portfolio
              licensed to us by our licensors at least in some respects, may therefore be used by such licensors or licensed to third parties, and such third parties may have certain enforcement rights with respect to such intellectual property. For
              example, Immunovant does not have rights to develop, manufacture, use or commercialize batoclimab or IMVT-1402 or file or enforce patents relating to these assets in territories other than the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the E.U., the U.K.,
              Switzerland, the Middle East, North Africa and Latin America, as such rights in other jurisdictions have been retained by HanAll Biopharma Co., Ltd. (“HanAll”) or licensed by HanAll to third parties. Patents licensed to us could be put at
              risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly in litigation filed by or against our licensors or another licensee or in administrative proceedings brought by or against our licensors or another licensee in response to such litigation or
              for other reasons, even if such litigation or administrative proceeding occurs in a territory in which we do not have a license. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors or other third parties from developing and commercializing
              competitive products, including in territories covered by our licenses. Third-party claims or litigation alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violations of third-party patents or other proprietary rights or seeking to invalidate
              our patents or other proprietary rights, may delay or prevent the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 94 Table of Contents Our commercial success depends, and will continue to depend, in part on our avoidance of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of the patents and proprietary rights of third
              parties. However, our research, development and commercialization activities may be subject to claims that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate patents or other intellectual property rights owned or controlled by third parties.
              Our competitors or other third parties may assert infringement claims against us, alleging that our product candidates infringe their patents. We cannot be certain that we do not infringe existing patents or that we will not infringe patents
              that may be granted in the future. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the U.S., involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent
              infringement lawsuits, interferences, derivation and administrative law proceedings, IPR and post-grant review before the USPTO, as well as oppositions and similar processes in other jurisdictions.
              Numerous U.S. and non-U.S. issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our collaborators are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
              industries expand and more patents are issued, and as we gain greater visibility, the risk increases that our product candidates or other business activities may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent and other proprietary rights
              of third parties. Third parties may assert that we are infringing their patents or employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations,
              methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. We could also be required to pay damages, which could be significant, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees if we are found to
              have wilfully infringed such patents. Additionally, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates
              may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover any of our
              product candidates, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidates following regulatory approval, unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents
              expire or are finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable or unpatentable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of
              use, including combination therapy, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and, following regulatory approval, commercialize the applicable product candidate, unless we obtained a license or until such
              patent expires or is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable or unpatentable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential
              information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. In addition, we may be subject to claims that we are infringing other intellectual property rights, such as trademarks or copyrights, or
              misappropriating the trade secrets of others, and to the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use intellectual property or proprietary information owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in
              related or resulting know-how and inventions, which could be time-consuming and divert the attention of senior management. Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product
              candidates following regulatory approval. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a
              successful infringement or other intellectual property claim against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees for wilful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay
              royalties or redesign our affected product candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on
              commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates following regulatory approval, and
              we have done so from time to time. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product
              candidates, which could harm our business significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our product candidates, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our sales,
              or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and other forms of compensation to third parties. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation more effectively than we can because the competitors have substantially greater financial
              and other resources. In addition, intellectual property litigation, regardless of its outcome, may cause negative publicity, adversely impact prospective customers, cause product shipment delays or prohibit us from manufacturing, marketing or
              otherwise commercializing our product candidates following regulatory approval. Any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could adversely impact our ability to raise additional funds or otherwise harm
              our business, results of operation, financial condition or cash flows. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be
              compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could adversely impact the price of our common shares. 95 Table of Contents We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent, which might harm our ability to
              develop and, following regulatory approvals, market our product candidates. We cannot guarantee that any of our or our licensors’ patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant
              patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third-party patent and pending application in the U.S. and abroad that is or may be relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our
              product candidates in any jurisdiction. Patent applications in the U.S. and elsewhere are not published until approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly
              referred to as the priority date. In addition, U.S. patent applications filed before November 29, 2000 and certain U.S. patent applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the U.S. remain confidential until patents issue.
              Therefore, patent applications covering our product candidates could have been filed by others without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in
              a manner that could cover our product candidates, or the use thereof, provided such pending patent applications result in issued patents. Our ability to develop and market our product candidate following regulatory approval can be adversely
              affected in jurisdictions where such patents are issued. The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent’s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the
              scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our product candidates following regulatory approval. We may incorrectly determine that our product candidates are not covered by a
              third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party’s pending application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the U.S. or abroad that we consider relevant may be
              incorrect and we may incorrectly conclude that a third-party patent is unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our
              product candidates following regulatory approval. If we fail to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents covering our product candidates or their methods of manufacture or use, we may be subject to infringement claims. We cannot
              guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from
              commercializing any of our product candidates that are held to be infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign product candidates so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these
              events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business. We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time
              consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use,
              we may be required to file and prosecute legal claims against one or more third parties, which can be expensive and time-consuming, even if ultimately successful. In February 2022, Roivant’s subsidiary GSG and its affiliate Arbutus filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Moderna and an affiliate seeking damages
              for infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 8,058,069, 8,492,359, 8,822,668, 9,364,435, 9,504,651, and 11,141,378 in the manufacture and sale of MRNA-1273, Moderna’s vaccine for COVID-19 (the “Moderna Action”). In November 2022, the District Court
              denied Moderna’s partial motion to dismiss pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1498(a) (“§ 1498”). In March 2023, following the submission of a Statement of Interest in the case by the U.S. Government, the court reaffirmed its prior decision and again
              ruled that the complaint should not be partially dismissed on the basis of § 1498. In February 2024, the court held a claim construction hearing on disputed terms within the claims of the asserted patents. On April 3, 2024, the court provided
              its claim construction ruling, in which it construed the disputed claim terms and agreed with GSG and Arbutus’ position on most of the disputed claim terms. Fact discovery in the Moderna Action has been completed, and expert discovery is
              on-going. The court in the Moderna Action has informed the parties that it plans to update the timing for the summary judgment phase and jury trial, previously scheduled for the second or third quarter of calendar year 2025 and September
              2025, respectively. Separately, in April 2023, GSG and Arbutus filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Pfizer and BioNTech seeking damages for infringement of U.S.
              Patent Nos. 9,504,651, 8,492,359, 11,141,378, 11,298,320 and 11,318,098 in the manufacture and sale of COMIRNATY (the “Pfizer Action”). In July 2023, Pfizer and BioNTech filed an answer. The court held a claim construction hearing in the
              Pfizer Action in December 2024. The court has not provided guidance for the timing of its ruling in the claim construction ruling, which could potentially come in calendar year 2025. In addition, in March 2025, GSG and Arbutus filed five international lawsuits against Moderna targeting alleged infringing activity in 30 countries (the “International Cases”). These cases
              are: • Canada: Federal Court of Canada File No. T-704-25, seeking a permanent injunction and damages or, if GSG so elects, an accounting of Moderna’s profits, attributable to infringement of Canadian Patent No. 2,721,333. 96 Table of Contents • Japan: Tokyo District Court Case No. 2025 (Wa) 70079, seeking a permanent injunction and reasonable royalty for infringement of Japanese Patent No. 5,475,753. • Switzerland: filing a case, seeking a permanent injunction and monetary relief, which upon later choice of GSG and Arbutus can include surrender of profits, damages or a reasonable royalty, for infringement of EP 2 279 254. • Unified Patent Court (“UPC”): Case 10280/2025, seeking permanent and provisional injunctions, as well as monetary damages, which can include recovery of Moderna’s unfair profits, for infringement of EP 2 279 254. • UPC: Case 10284/2025, seeking permanent and provisional injunctions, as well as monetary damages, which can include recovery of Moderna’s unfair profits, for infringement of EP 4 241 767. The UPC actions together seek relief in the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
              Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland/Liechtenstein and Turkey. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at
              issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. The standards that courts use to interpret patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change, particularly as new technologies develop. As a
              result, we cannot predict with certainty how much protection, if any, will be given to our patents if we attempt to enforce them and they are challenged in court and if any such suits, including the Moderna Action, the International Cases,
              and the Pfizer Action, will ultimately be resolved successfully. Further, even if we prevail against an infringer in U.S. district court, there is always the risk that the infringer will file an appeal and the district court judgment will be
              overturned at the appeals court and that an adverse decision will be issued by the appeals court relating to the validity or enforceability of our patents. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of
              our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly in a manner insufficient to achieve our business objectives, or could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. The initiation of a claim against a third party may
              also cause the third-party to bring counter claims against us such as claims asserting that our patents are unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or
              unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement or lack of written description, or
              non-statutory subject matter as well as for double-patenting. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant material information from the USPTO, or
              made a materially misleading statement, during prosecution or that inventorship of the patent was incorrectly named. Third parties may also raise similar validity or unpatentability claims before the USPTO in post-grant proceedings such as ex
              parte reexaminations, IPR or post-grant review, or oppositions or similar proceedings outside the U.S., in parallel with litigation or even outside the context of litigation. The outcome following legal assertions of unpatentability,
              invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. We cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. For the patents and patent applications that we have
              in-licensed, we may have limited or no right to participate in the defense of any licensed patents against challenge by a third party. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of unpatentability, invalidity or unenforceability, we
              would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of any future patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could harm our business. Additionally, any adverse outcome could allow third parties to commercialize our
              product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products, if approved, without infringing third-party patent rights. Even if we establish infringement, we may not seek, or the court may decide not to grant, an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may
              or may not be an adequate remedy. We may not be able to detect or prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in
              the U.S. Any litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights may fail, and even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be
              compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to
              be negative, it could have an adverse effect on the price of our common shares. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct the Moderna Action, the International Cases, the Pfizer Action or any other such litigation or proceedings. Some
              of our competitors or other third parties may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we
              may conclude that even if a third party is infringing our issued patent, any patents that may be issued as a result of our pending or future patent applications or other intellectual property rights, the risk-adjusted cost of bringing and
              enforcing such a claim or action may be too high or not in the best interest of our company or our shareholders. In such cases, we may decide that the more prudent course of action is to simply monitor the situation or initiate or seek some
              other non-litigious action or solution. 97 Table of Contents Because many of the patents we own or have licensed are owned or licensed by our subsidiaries, and in certain cases by subsidiaries that are not or will not be directly
              commercializing products, if approved, we may not be in a position to obtain a permanent injunction against a third party that is found to infringe our patents. Many patents that we own or have in-licensed are assigned to or licensed by our direct or indirect subsidiaries. For example, any patents that Immunovant has licensed are assigned to its
              wholly-owned subsidiary Immunovant Sciences GmbH. If a third party is found to be infringing such patents, we and our direct subsidiaries may not be able to permanently enjoin the third-party from making, using, offering for sale or selling
              the infringing product or activity for the remaining life of such patent in the U.S. or other jurisdictions when the patent is assigned to a subsidiary, which is not the entity that is or would be commercializing a potentially competitive
              product or service. In such a circumstance, such third-party may be able to compete with us or our subsidiaries, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and
              prospects. Changes in U.S. patent law or the patent law of other countries or jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect
              our product candidates. As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, we depend and will continue to depend on intellectual property. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry
              involves both technological and legal complexity and is therefore costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the U.S. or USPTO rules and regulations could
              increase the uncertainties and costs. The U.S. has in the past and more recently enacted and implemented wide-ranging patent reform legislation. In addition, patent reform legislation may pass in the future that could lead to
              additional uncertainties and increased costs surrounding the prosecution, enforcement and defense of our patents and pending patent applications. The U.S. Supreme Court and U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have ruled on several
              patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability
              to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. For example, in June 2022, the World Trade Organization members agreed to waive certain patent rights
              with respect to COVID-19 vaccines. Any waiver of our patent or other intellectual property protection by the U.S. and other foreign governments, including with respect to Genevant’s licensed lipid nanoparticle (“LNP”) delivery technology as
              used in connection with messenger RNA vaccine delivery, could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Depending on actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to
              obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we might obtain in the future. Similarly, changes in patent law and regulations in other countries or jurisdictions or changes in the governmental bodies that enforce them
              or changes in how the relevant governmental authority enforces patent laws or regulations may weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we may obtain in the future. We cannot predict future
              changes in the interpretation of patent laws or changes to patent laws that might be enacted into law by U.S. and non-U.S. legislative bodies. Those changes may materially affect our patents or patent applications and our ability to obtain
              additional patent protection in the future. In addition, the U.S. federal government retains certain rights in inventions produced with its financial assistance under the Bayh-Dole Act. The federal government retains a “nonexclusive,
              nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license” for its own benefit. The Bayh-Dole Act also provides federal agencies with “march-in rights.” March-in rights allow the government, in specified circumstances, to require the contractor or
              successors in title to the patent to grant a “nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license” to a “responsible applicant or applicants.” For example, the research resulting in certain of our acquired or in-licensed patent rights and
              technology for certain product candidates was funded in part by the U.S. federal government. As a result, the federal government may have certain rights to such patent rights and technology, which include march-in rights. If the federal
              government decides to exercise these rights, it is not required to engage us as its contractor in connection with doing so. The federal government’s rights may also permit it to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to
              exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The federal government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the
              government-funded technology, or because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. Further, the recipient of U.S. government funding is
              required to comply with certain other requirements, including timely disclosing the inventions claimed in such patent rights to the U.S. government and timely electing title to such inventions. The U.S. government has the right to take title
              to such intellectual property rights if we, or the applicable licensor, fail to disclose the invention to the government and fail to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. Intellectual property
              generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us or the applicable licensor to expend substantial resources. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be
              subject to certain requirements to manufacture product candidates embodying such inventions in the U.S. We cannot be certain that our current or future licensors will comply with the disclosure or reporting requirements of the Bayh-Dole Act
              at all times or be able to rectify any lapse in compliance with these requirements. Any exercise by the government of any of the foregoing rights or by any third-party of its reserved rights could have a material adverse effect on our
              competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 98 Table of Contents The validity, scope and enforceability of any patents listed in the Orange Book that cover our product candidates or patents that cover our biologic product candidates can
              be challenged by third parties. If one of our product candidates is approved by the FDA and if a third party files an application under Section 505(b)(2) or an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”) under Section 505(j)
              for a generic product containing any of our product candidates and relies in whole or in part on studies conducted by or for us, the third party will be required to certify to the FDA that either: (1) there is no patent information listed in
              the Orange Book with respect to our NDA for the applicable approved product candidate; (2) the patents listed in the Orange Book have expired; (3) the listed patents have not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is
              sought after patent expiration; or (4) the listed patents are invalid or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of the third party’s generic product. A certification under 21 CFR § 314.94(a)(12)(i)(A)(4) that the new product
              will not infringe the Orange Book-listed patents for the applicable approved product candidate, or that such patents are invalid, is called a paragraph IV certification. If the third party submits a paragraph IV certification to the FDA, a
              notice of the paragraph IV certification must also be sent to us once the third party’s ANDA is accepted for filing by the FDA. We may then initiate a lawsuit to defend the patents identified in the notice. The filing of a patent infringement
              lawsuit within 45 days of receipt of the notice automatically prevents the FDA from approving the third party’s ANDA until the earliest of 30 months or the date on which the patent expires, the lawsuit is settled, or the court reaches a
              decision in the infringement lawsuit in favor of the third party. If we do not file a patent infringement lawsuit within the required 45-day period, the third party’s ANDA will not be subject to the 30-month stay of FDA approval. Moreover, a third party may challenge the current patents, or patents that may issue in the future, within our portfolio, which could result in the invalidation of some or all of the patents
              that might otherwise be eligible for listing in the Orange Book for one of our future products. If a third party successfully challenges all of the patents that might otherwise be eligible for listing in the Orange Book for one of our future
              products before an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA is filed we will be unable to obtain a 30-month stay of FDA approval of a 505(b)(2) or ANDA. For biologics, the BPCIA provides a mechanism for one or more third parties to seek FDA approval to manufacture or sell a biosimilar or interchangeable versions of brand name biological
              product candidates. Due to the large size and complexity of biological product candidates, as compared to small molecules, a biosimilar must be “highly similar” to the reference product with “no clinically meaningful differences between the
              two.” The BPCIA does not require reference product sponsors to list patents in the FDA’s Orange Book and does not include an automatic 30-month stay of FDA approval upon the timely filing of a lawsuit. The BPCIA, however, does require a
              formal pre-litigation process which includes the exchange of information between a biosimilar applicant and a reference biologic sponsor that includes the identification of relevant patents and each parties’ basis for infringement and
              invalidity. After the exchange of this information, we may then initiate a lawsuit within 30 days to defend the patents identified in the exchange. If the biosimilar applicant successfully challenges the asserted patent claims, it could
              result in the invalidation of, or render unenforceable, some or all of the relevant patent claims or result in a finding of non-infringement. If we are unsuccessful in enforcing our patents against generics or biosimilars, our future products could face competition prior to the expiration of the patents which cover such products,
              which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, any such litigation or other proceedings to enforce or defend intellectual property rights are often very
              complex in nature, may be very expensive and time-consuming, may divert management’s attention from our core business, and may result in unfavorable results that could limit our ability to prevent third parties from competing with product
              candidates. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries
              outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries, and the breadth of patent claims allowed can be inconsistent. In addition,
              the laws of some countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws of the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing product candidates made using our
              inventions in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own product candidates and may also export infringing product
              candidates to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These product candidates may compete with our product candidates and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be
              effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 99 Table of Contents We do not have patent rights in all countries in which a market may exist. Moreover, in jurisdictions where we do have patent rights, proceedings to enforce such rights could result in
              substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, and our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Additionally, such
              proceedings could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Thus, we may not be able to stop a
              competitor from marketing and selling in other countries product candidates and services that are the same as or similar to our product candidates and services, and our competitive position would be harmed. Many biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in other jurisdictions. The legal systems of
              certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology or pharmaceutical product
              candidates, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing product candidates in violation of our intellectual property rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in
              other jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our
              patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful.
              Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. Many countries, including European Union countries, India, Japan and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances to grant
              licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of
              those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual
              property that we develop or license. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of any trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. In addition to seeking patents for our product candidates, we may rely on trade secrets, including unpatented software, know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our
              competitive position. We seek to protect this software and information, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside
              scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Because we rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and we collaborate and expect to continue to collaborate with third parties on the
              development of product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We also conduct joint research and development programs that may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our research and development
              partnerships or similar agreements. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and information in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, consulting agreements or other similar
              agreements with our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our
              confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets
              become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Any disclosure, either intentional or unintentional, by our employees, the employees of
              third parties with whom we share facilities or third-party consultants and vendors that we engage to perform research, clinical trials or manufacturing activities, or misappropriation by third parties (such as through a cybersecurity breach)
              of our trade secrets or proprietary information could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in the market. Further, adequate remedies may not exist in the event of
              unauthorized use or disclosure. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive
              position and may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 100 Table of Contents In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets,
              although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Policing unauthorized use of our or our licensors’ intellectual property is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and we may be unable to determine the extent of any
              unauthorized use or know whether the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will be effective. Moreover, enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and
              time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. The enforceability of confidentiality agreements may also vary from jurisdiction to
              jurisdiction. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors and other third parties may discover our trade secrets, including our proprietary software, either through breach of our agreements with third parties,
              independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor’s or other third-party’s discovery of our trade secrets, including our proprietary software, would impair our competitive position and
              have an adverse impact on our business. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into non-disclosure, confidentiality agreements, material transfer agreements or consulting agreements with each party that may have or have had
              access to our trade secrets or proprietary software, technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary
              software, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. If any of our trade secrets, including our proprietary software, were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third-party, we
              would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets, including our proprietary software, were to be disclosed to or independently
              developed by a competitor or other third-party, our competitive position would be harmed. Certain software utilized in our computational drug discovery efforts may include third-party open source software. Any failure to comply with the terms of one or more
              open source software licenses could adversely affect our business, subject us to litigation, or create potential liability. Certain software utilized in our computational drug discovery efforts may include third-party open source software and we expect to continue to incorporate open source software in the future.
              The use or distribution of open source software involves a number of risks, many of which cannot be eliminated and could negatively affect our business. For example, we cannot ensure that we have effectively monitored our use of open source
              software or that we are in compliance with the terms of the applicable open source licenses or our current policies and procedures. There have been claims against companies that use open source software asserting that the use of such open
              source software infringes the claimants’ intellectual property rights including patent rights and copyrights. As a result, we could be subject to suits by third parties claiming infringement on such third parties’ intellectual property
              rights. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to modify our computational drug
              discovery platform. Use or distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties, controls on the
              origin of the software or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code, including with respect to security vulnerabilities. In addition, certain open source licenses require that source code for
              software programs that interact with such open source software be made available to the public at no cost and that any modifications or derivative works to such open source software continue to be licensed under the same terms as the open
              source software license. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by courts in the relevant jurisdictions, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions
              or restrictions on our ability to market our solutions. By the terms of certain open source licenses, if portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license or if we combine our proprietary software
              with open source software in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software and to make our proprietary software available under open source licenses, each of which could reduce or eliminate the
              effectiveness of our computational discovery efforts. We may also face claims alleging noncompliance with open source license terms or misappropriation or other violation of open source technology. We may also face claims alleging that the
              contractual terms of an open source license provide the licensor with an ownership interest in our developments made using software that incorporates the open source code. Any of these events could create liability for us and damage our
              reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of their former employers
              or other third parties. We employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other software, biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our licensors, competitors or potential competitors.
              Although we seek to protect our ownership of intellectual property rights by ensuring that our agreements with our employees, collaborators, consultants, independent contractors and other third parties with whom we do business include
              provisions requiring such parties to not use the confidential information of their former employer, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants, independent contractors or other third parties have inadvertently or
              otherwise used or disclosed confidential information of our employees’ former employers or other third parties. We may also be subject to claims that former employers or other third parties have an ownership interest in our owned or
              in-licensed patents or patent applications. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. There is no guarantee of success in defending these claims, and if we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary
              damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar technology and
              therapeutics, without payment to us, could limit the duration of the patent protection covering our technology and product candidates and could result in our inability to develop, manufacture or commercialize our product candidates following
              regulatory approval without infringing third-party patent rights. Such intellectual property rights could be awarded to a third party, and we could be required to obtain a license from such third-party to commercialize our product candidates
              following regulatory approval. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are successful, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and other employees.
              Moreover, any such litigation or the threat thereof may harm our reputation, our ability to form strategic alliances or sublicense our rights to collaborators, engage with scientific advisors or hire employees or consultants, each of which
              would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 101 Table of Contents We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. We rely, and will continue to rely, on a combination of internally developed and in-licensed intellectual property rights and we or our licensors may be subject to claims that former
              employees, consultants, independent contractors, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we or our
              licensors may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants, independent contractors or other third parties who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend
              against these and other claims challenging inventorship or our or our licensors’ ownership of our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in
              addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our product candidates. Even if we are successful in defending
              against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees, consultants, independent contractors and other third parties who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to
              execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our invention assignment agreements may
              not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Additionally, we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership
              of what we regard as our intellectual property. Furthermore, individuals executing agreements with us may have preexisting or competing obligations to a third party, such as an academic institution, and thus an agreement with us may be
              ineffective in perfecting ownership of inventions developed by that individual. Intellectual property litigation could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities, and have a harmful effect on
              the success of our business. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims, including the Moderna Action and the Pfizer Action, may cause us to incur
              significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or
              developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could adversely impact the price of our common shares. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce
              the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our
              competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. In addition, the uncertainties associated
              with litigation could compromise our ability to raise the funds necessary to pursue our commercialization efforts, continue our clinical trials and internal research programs or in-license needed technology or other future product candidates.
              Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace, including compromising our ability to raise the funds necessary to pursue our
              commercialization efforts, continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development collaborations that would help us commercialize our product candidates
              following regulatory approval. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We may not be successful in obtaining necessary intellectual property rights to future product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 102 Table of Contents A third party may hold intellectual property, including patent rights, that are important or necessary to the development of our product candidates. Accordingly, we may seek to acquire or
              in-license patented or proprietary technologies to develop such product candidates or to grow our product offerings and technology portfolio. However, we may be unable to acquire or in-license intellectual property rights relating to, or
              necessary for, any such product candidate or technology from third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to in-license any such necessary intellectual property, it could be on non-exclusive terms, thereby
              giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same intellectual property licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. In that event, we may be unable to develop or commercialize
              such product candidates or technology. We may also be unable to identify product candidates or technology that we believe are an appropriate strategic fit for our company and protect intellectual property relating to, or necessary for, such
              product candidate and technology. The in-licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights for any future product candidate is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also
              pursuing strategies to in-license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights for product candidates that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size,
              cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. Furthermore, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights
              to additional technologies or product candidates, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects for growth could suffer. In addition, we expect that competition for the in-licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights for any future product candidate and technologies that are attractive
              to us may increase in the future, which may mean fewer suitable opportunities for us as well as higher acquisition or licensing costs. We may be unable to in-license or acquire the third-party intellectual property rights for product
              candidates or technology on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. Any trademarks we have obtained or may obtain may be infringed or successfully challenged, resulting in harm to our business. We rely, and will continue to rely, on trademarks as one means to distinguish product candidates that are approved for marketing from the product candidates of our competitors. Our current
              and future trademark applications in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions may not be allowed or may subsequently be opposed, challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to be infringing other marks. Additionally, once
              we select new trademarks and apply to register them, our trademark applications may not be approved. Third parties have in the past opposed, are currently opposing and may in the future oppose or attempt to cancel our trademark applications
              or trademarks, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand product candidates, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require
              us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Our competitors may infringe our trademarks and we may not have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. If we attempt to enforce our trademarks and assert trademark
              infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we
              could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At
              times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement
              claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our
              trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or
              other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
              prospects. Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. Once granted, patents may remain open to invalidity challenges including opposition, interference, re-examination, post-grant review, IPR, nullification or derivation action in court or
              before patent offices or similar proceedings for a given period after allowance or grant, during which time third parties can raise objections against such grant. In the course of such proceedings, which may continue for a protracted period
              of time, the patent owner may be compelled to limit the scope of the allowed or granted claims thus attacked, or the granted claims may be finally determined to be unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable altogether. In addition, the degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect
              our business, provide a barrier to entry against our competitors or potential competitors, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. 103 Table of Contents Moreover, if a third party has intellectual property rights that cover the practice of our technology, we may not be able to fully exercise or extract value from our intellectual property
              rights. The following examples are illustrative: • others may be able to make formulations or compositions that are the same as or similar to our product candidates, but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own; • others may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates that we intend to commercialize that are not covered by the patents that we exclusively licensed and have the right to enforce; • we, our licensor or any collaborators might not have been the first to make or reduce to practice the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own or have exclusively licensed; • we or our licensor or any collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; • others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; • it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; • issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges; • our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the U.S. and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries
                      where we do not have patent rights, and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive product candidates for sale in our major commercial markets; and we may not develop additional proprietary
                      technologies that are patentable; • third parties performing manufacturing or testing for us using our product candidates or technologies could use the intellectual property of others without obtaining a proper license; • parties may assert an ownership interest in our intellectual property and, if successful, such disputes may preclude us from exercising exclusive rights over that intellectual property; • we may not develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; • we may not be able to obtain and maintain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; • the patents of others may harm our business; and • we may choose not to file a patent application in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent application covering such intellectual property. Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business and results of operations. The use of AI by us, our early-stage discovery Vants and our healthcare technology businesses may introduce intellectual property risks. The use of AI by us, our early-stage discovery Vants and healthcare technology businesses may introduce intellectual property risks that may adversely affect our ability to protect and
              commercialize our innovations. As part of our business strategy, we and certain of our Vants integrate AI-driven technologies into various stages of research and development processes, including target identification, drug discovery, compound
              screening, and clinical trial optimization. The use of generative AI algorithms, particularly those that autonomously generate data, models, or potential therapeutic candidates, raises unresolved legal questions about inventorship and
              ownership under current patent laws in the United States and other jurisdictions. Patent offices, including the USPTO, have yet to adopt a consistent framework for determining inventorship of AI-generated inventions. If we are unable to
              establish that our employees or systems meet the legal criteria for inventorship, we may be unable to secure patent protection for certain innovations developed using AI. Inability to protect such AI-generated inventions may diminish our
              competitive advantage and allow others to compete with us, harming our business. Obtaining and enforcing intellectual property protection for AI-generated outputs, such as product candidates or clinical trial designs, also presents risks to
              our business. If we are found to have used data in a manner inconsistent with applicable laws or agreements, we could face legal claims, ownership disputes, invalidation of our intellectual property rights, or restrictions on the use of our
              AI models. If we are unable to secure, maintain, and enforce effective intellectual property protection for our AI-enabled innovations, our business may be harmed. If we become subject to significant intellectual property litigation or
              licensing restrictions based on our use of AI tools, our ability to achieve or sustain a successful business may be materially harmed. Our use of AI in these processes may involve several intellectual property risks that may materially impact
              our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 104 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Securities, Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation and Certain Tax Matters If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our securities may decline. If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our common shares may decline. In addition, the trading price of our common shares could be volatile and subject to wide
              fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common shares. Factors affecting the trading price of our common shares may include: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual financial results or the quarterly and annual financial results of companies perceived to be similar to it; • changes in the market’s expectations about operating results; • our operating results failing to meet market expectations in a particular period; • a Vant’s operating results failing to meet market expectations in a particular period, which could impact the market prices of shares of a public Vant or the valuation of a private Vant, and in turn adversely impact the trading
                      price of our common shares; • receipt of marketing approval for a product candidate in one or more jurisdictions, or the failure to receive such marketing approval; • the results of clinical trials or preclinical studies conducted by us and the Vants; • changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us, the Vants or the biopharmaceutical industry and market in general; • operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; • changes in laws and regulations affecting our and the Vants’ businesses; • the outcome of litigation or other claims or proceedings, including governmental and regulatory proceedings; • changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; • the volume of our common shares available for public sale and the relatively limited free float of our common shares; • any significant change in our board of directors or management; • sales of substantial amounts of our common shares by directors, executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and • general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, tariffs and trade conditions in the global economy, commodity prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. Broad market and industry factors may depress the market price of our common shares irrespective of our or the Vants’ operating performance. The stock market in general has experienced price
              and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A
              loss of investor confidence in the market for companies engaging in digital payments or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial
              conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our common shares also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management has devoted and will continue to devote a
              substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives. 105 Table of Contents As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, and these expenses are expected
              to increase now that we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the
              Dodd-Frank Act, as well as rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC and the Nasdaq. We also expect that compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and increased disclosure requirements
              will substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs. Our management and other personnel have devoted and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and
              regulations have substantially increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations have made it more difficult and more expensive for us to
              obtain blended director and officer liability insurance and forced us to forego securities and corporate protection coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we have incurred and will continue to incur
              to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired,
              investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common shares may decline. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is required to report upon the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and our independent registered
              public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are
              complex and costly. If we or our auditors are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common shares may decline. Although we have determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2025, we cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or
              significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to accurately and timely report our financial
              condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or
              significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common shares could decline and we could be subject to
              sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of
              public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. Anti-takeover provisions in our memorandum of association and bye-laws, as well as provisions of Bermuda law, could delay or prevent a change in control, limit the price
              investors may be willing to pay in the future for our common shares and could entrench management. Our memorandum of association and bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions
              provide for: • a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; • the ability of our board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and rights of preference shares and to cause us to issue the preference shares without shareholder approval; and • requiring advance notice for shareholder proposals and nominations and placing limitations on convening shareholder meetings. These provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
              securities. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take corporate actions other than those you desire, any of which
              could harm our share price. Our largest shareholders own a significant percentage of our common shares and are able to exert significant control over matters subject to shareholder approval. Our largest shareholders continue to hold a significant percentage of our common shares. As a result, these holders have the ability to substantially influence us and exert significant
              control through this ownership position and, in the case of certain holders, service on our board of directors. For example, these holders may be able to control elections of directors, issuance of equity, including to our employees under
              equity incentive plans, amendments of our organizational documents or approval of any merger, amalgamation, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. These holders’ interests may not always coincide with our corporate interests or
              the interests of other shareholders, and they may exercise their voting and other rights in a manner with which you may not agree or that may not be in the best interests of our other shareholders. Furthermore, our largest shareholders may
              from time to time have interests that differ from ours or from one another, and from time to time there may be disputes with or between such shareholders, which could be costly, time-consuming and divert management resources. So long as these
              holders continue to own a significant amount of our equity, they will continue to be able to strongly influence our decisions. 106 Table of Contents Future sales and issuances of our or the Vants’ equity securities or rights to purchase equity securities, including pursuant to our or the Vants’ equity incentive and
              other compensatory plans, will result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our share price to fall. We and the Vants may need additional capital in the future to continue our operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, including in our subsidiaries,
              our shareholders may experience substantial dilution. We or the Vants may sell securities, including convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we
              sell common shares, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. In addition, new investors could gain rights superior to our existing shareholders. Pursuant to our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 EIP”), we are authorized to grant options, restricted stock units and other share-based awards to our employees, directors and
              consultants. The aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 EIP increases annually on the first day of each fiscal year during the term of the plan in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 5% of the number of our common
              shares outstanding as of the day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such number of our common shares as determined by our board of directors in its discretion. On March 31, 2025, the board of directors deferred the annual
              increase in the shares available for issuance under the 2021 EIP to one or more later dates prior to March 31, 2026. To the extent the board of directors later approves this annual increase, or if our board of directors elects in the future
              to make any additional increase in the number of shares available for future grant under the 2021 EIP, and if our shareholders approve of any such additional increase, our shareholders may experience additional dilution, and our share price
              may fall. Issuance of options, restricted stock units and other share-based awards pursuant to equity incentive plans at the Vants may indirectly have a similar effect of diluting your ownership in us
              since a portion of the value of our common shares is tied to the value of the Vants, which would be diluted in the event of a grant of options or other similar equity grants to the employees of the Vants. Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our common shares by us or our existing shareholders could cause the market price for our common shares to decline and
              impact our ability to raise capital in the future. Sales of a substantial number of our common shares by us or certain of our existing large shareholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could substantially decrease the market
              price of our common shares. Shares held by certain of our large shareholders have been registered for re-sale pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 and may also be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, subject to
              certain restrictions (including restrictions applicable to affiliates in the case of shares held by persons deemed to be our affiliates). The market price of our common shares could drop significantly if the holders of these shares sell them
              or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. This, in turn, could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our common shares or other securities at prices that are attractive to us,
              or at all. If securities analysts publish negative evaluations of our shares, the price of our common shares could decline. The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, market or competitors. If any of
              the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our common shares adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about its competitors, the price of our common shares would likely decline. If any analyst who
              may cover us were to cease coverage or fail to regularly publish reports, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. Because there are no plans to pay cash dividends on our common shares for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell our common
              shares for a price greater than that which you paid for it. We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and other corporate uses and have no plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to
              declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual
              restrictions, applicable law and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common shares unless you sell your shares for a price greater than that which
              you paid for them. We are an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and it may be difficult for you to enforce judgments against us or our directors and
              executive officers. 107 Table of Contents We are an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. As a result, the rights of our shareholders are governed by Bermuda law and our memorandum of association
              and bye-laws. The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in another jurisdiction. It may be difficult for investors to enforce in the U.S. judgments obtained in U.S.
              courts against us based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. It is doubtful whether courts in Bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the U.S., against us or our directors or
              officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions. Bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the U.S. and may afford less protection to our shareholders. We are incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. As a result, our corporate affairs are governed by the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, as amended (the “Companies Act”), which differs in some
              material respects from laws typically applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including the provisions relating to interested directors, amalgamations, mergers and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of
              directors. Generally, the duties of directors and officers of a Bermuda company are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Bermuda companies typically do not have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company and may
              only do so in limited circumstances. Shareholder class actions are not available under Bermuda law. The circumstances in which shareholder derivative actions may be available under Bermuda law are substantially more proscribed and less clear
              than they would be to shareholders of U.S. corporations. The Bermuda courts, however, would ordinarily be expected to permit a shareholder to commence an action in the name of a company to remedy a wrong to the company where the act
              complained of is alleged to be beyond the corporate power of the company or illegal or would result in the violation of the company’s memorandum of association or bye-laws. Furthermore, consideration would be given by a Bermuda court to acts
              that are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority shareholders or, for instance, where an act requires the approval of a greater percentage of the company’s shareholders than those who actually approved it. When the affairs of a company are being conducted in a manner that is oppressive or prejudicial to the interests of some shareholders, one or more shareholders may apply to the Supreme Court
              of Bermuda, which may make such order as it sees fit, including an order regulating the conduct of the company’s affairs in the future or ordering the purchase of the shares of any shareholders by other shareholders or by the company.
              Additionally, under our bye-laws and as permitted by Bermuda law, each shareholder will waive any claim or right of action against our directors or officers for any action taken by directors or officers in the performance of their duties,
              except for actions involving fraud or dishonesty. In addition, the rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Bermuda law are not as clearly established as under statutes or judicial precedent in
              existence in jurisdictions in the U.S., particularly the State of Delaware. Therefore, our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction within the
              U.S. There are regulatory limitations on the ownership and transfer of our common shares. Common shares may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act and the Bermuda Investment Business Act 2003, which regulates the sale of
              securities in Bermuda. In addition, the Bermuda Monetary Authority must approve all issues and transfers of shares of a Bermuda exempted company. However, the Bermuda Monetary Authority has, pursuant to its statement of June 1, 2005, given
              its general permission under the Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations for the issue and free transfer of our common shares to and among persons who are non-residents of Bermuda for exchange control purposes as long as the shares
              are listed on an appointed stock exchange, which includes Nasdaq. Additionally, we have sought and have obtained a specific permission from the Bermuda Monetary Authority for the issue and transfer of our common shares up to the amount of our
              authorized capital from time to time, and options, warrants, depository receipts, rights, loan notes, debt instruments and our other securities to persons resident and non-resident for exchange control purposes with the need for prior
              approval of such issue or transfer. The general permission or the specific permission would cease to apply if we were to cease to be listed on the Nasdaq or another appointed stock exchange. We may become subject to unanticipated tax liabilities and higher effective tax rates. We are incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. We are centrally managed and controlled in the U.K., and under current U.K. tax law, a company which is centrally managed and controlled in the
              U.K. is regarded as resident in the U.K. for taxation purposes. Accordingly, we expect to be subject to U.K. taxation on our income and gains, and subject to U.K.’s controlled foreign company rules, except where an exemption applies. We may
              be treated as a dual resident company for U.K. tax purposes. As a result, our right to claim certain reliefs from U.K. tax may be restricted, and changes in law or practice in the U.K. could result in the imposition of further restrictions on
              our right to claim U.K. tax reliefs. We may also become subject to income, withholding or other taxes in certain jurisdictions by reason of our activities and operations, and it is also possible that taxing authorities in any such
              jurisdictions could assert that we are subject to greater taxation than we currently anticipate, including as a result of the denial of treaty benefits that we may claim. Any such additional tax liability could materially adversely affect our
              results of operations. 108 Table of Contents The intended tax effects of our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements depend on the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions and on how we operate
              our business. We are incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and are centrally managed and controlled in the U.K. We currently have subsidiaries in the U.S., U.K., Switzerland and certain other
              jurisdictions. If we succeed in growing our business, we expect to conduct increased operations through our subsidiaries in various countries and tax jurisdictions, in part through intercompany service agreements between our subsidiaries and
              us. In that case, our corporate structure and intercompany transactions, including the manner in which we develop and use our intellectual property, will be organized so that we can achieve our business objectives in a tax-efficient manner
              and in compliance with applicable transfer pricing rules and regulations. If two or more affiliated companies are located in different countries or tax jurisdictions, the tax laws and regulations of each country generally will require that
              transfer prices be the same as those between unrelated companies dealing at arm’s length and that appropriate documentation be maintained to support the transfer prices. While we believe that we operate in compliance with applicable transfer
              pricing laws and intend to continue to do so, our transfer pricing procedures are not binding on applicable taxing authorities. If taxing authorities in any of these countries were to successfully challenge our transfer prices as not
              reflecting arm’s length transactions between two or more affiliated companies, they could require such affiliated companies to adjust their transfer prices and thereby reallocate the income between such affiliated companies to reflect these
              revised transfer prices, which could result in a higher tax liability to us. In addition, if the country from which the income is reallocated does not agree with the reallocation, both countries could tax the same income, resulting in double
              taxation. If taxing authorities were to allocate income to a higher tax jurisdiction, subject our income to double taxation or assess interest and penalties, it would increase its consolidated tax liability, which could adversely affect our
              financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and
              calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. For example, our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws
              (including tax treaties), regulations, principles and interpretations. As we intend to operate in numerous countries and taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations
              by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views, for instance, with respect to, among other things, the manner in which the arm’s length standard is applied
              for transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the valuation of intellectual property. In addition, tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. We continue to assess the impact of such changes in
              tax laws and interpretations on our business and may determine that changes to our structure, practice, tax positions or the manner in which we conduct our business are necessary in light of such changes and developments in the tax laws of
              other jurisdictions in which we operate. Such changes may nevertheless be ineffective in avoiding an increase in our consolidated tax liability, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in our effective tax rate may reduce our net income in future periods. Our tax position could be adversely impacted by changes in tax rates, tax laws, tax practice, tax treaties or tax regulations or changes in the interpretation thereof by the tax authorities
              in Europe (including the U.K. and Switzerland), the U.S., Bermuda and other jurisdictions, as well as being affected by certain changes currently proposed by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and their action plan on
              Base Erosion and Profit Shifting. Such changes may become more likely as a result of recent economic trends in the jurisdictions in which we operate, particularly if such trends continue. If such a situation were to arise, it could adversely
              impact our tax position and our effective tax rate. Failure to manage the risks associated with such changes, or misinterpretation of the laws providing such changes, could result in costly audits, interest, penalties and reputational damage,
              which could adversely affect our business, results of our operations and our financial condition. Our actual effective tax rate may vary from our expectation and that variance may be material. A number of factors may increase our future effective tax rates, including: (1) the
              jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed; (2) the resolution of issues arising from any future tax audits with various tax authorities; (3) changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; (4)
              increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including transaction costs and impairments of goodwill in connection with acquisitions; (5) changes in the taxation of stock-based compensation; (6) changes in tax laws (including tax
              treaties) or the interpretation of such tax laws (including tax treaties) and changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; (7) challenges to the transfer pricing policies related to our structure; (8) potential taxation under the
              OECD BEPS 2.0; and (9) potential limitation on tax attributes due to ownership changes (i.e. Internal Revenue Code 382 and 383) or expiration. U.S. holders that own 10% or more of the combined voting power or value of our common shares may suffer adverse tax consequences because we and our non-U.S. subsidiaries
              may be characterized as “controlled foreign corporations” (“CFCs”) under Section 957(a) of the Code. 109 Table of Contents A non-U.S. corporation is considered a CFC if more than 50% of (1) the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or (2) the total value of the
              stock of such corporation, is owned, or is considered as owned by applying certain constructive ownership rules, by U.S. shareholders (U.S. persons who own stock representing 10% or more of the combined voting power or value of all
              outstanding stock of such non-U.S. corporation) on any day during the taxable year of such non-U.S. corporation. Certain U.S. shareholders of a CFC generally are required to include currently in gross income such shareholders’ share of the
              CFC’s “Subpart F income,” a portion of the CFC’s earnings to the extent the CFC holds certain U.S. property, and a portion of the CFC’s “global intangible low-taxed income” (as defined under Section 951A of the Code). Such U.S. shareholders
              are subject to current U.S. federal income tax with respect to such items, even if the CFC has not made an actual distribution to such shareholders. “Subpart F income” includes, among other things, certain passive income (such as income from
              dividends, interests, royalties, rents and annuities or gain from the sale of property that produces such types of income) and certain sales and services income arising in connection with transactions between the CFC and a person related to
              the CFC. “Global intangible low-taxed income” may include most of the remainder of a CFC’s income over a deemed return on its tangible assets. We believe that we were not classified as a CFC for the taxable year ended March 31, 2025. However, our non-U.S. subsidiaries will be classified as CFCs for the taxable year ended March 31,
              2025. For U.S. holders who hold 10% or more of the combined voting power or value of our common shares, this may result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, such as current U.S. taxation of Subpart F income (regardless of whether
              we make any distributions), taxation of amounts treated as global intangible low-taxed income under Section 951A of the Code with respect to such shareholder, and being subject to certain reporting requirements with the IRS. Any such U.S.
              holder who is an individual generally would not be allowed certain tax deductions or foreign tax credits that would be allowed to a U.S. corporation. If you are a U.S. holder who holds 10% or more of the combined voting power or value of our
              common shares, you should consult your own tax advisors regarding the U.S. tax consequences of acquiring, owning or disposing of our common shares. U.S. holders of our common shares may suffer adverse tax consequences if we are characterized as a passive foreign investment company. Generally, if, for any taxable year, at least 75% of our gross income is passive income, or at least 50% of the average quarterly value of our assets is attributable to assets that produce
              passive income or are held for the production of passive income, including cash, we would be characterized as a passive foreign investment company (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For purposes of these tests, passive income
              generally includes dividends, interest, gains from the sale or exchange of investment property and rents and royalties other than rents and royalties which are received from unrelated parties in connection with the active conduct of a trade
              or business. Additionally, if we own (directly or indirectly) at least 25% (by value) of the stock of another corporation, for purposes of determining whether we are a PFIC, generally we would be treated as if we held our proportionate share
              of the assets of such other corporation and received directly our proportionate share of the income of such other corporation and generally we would retain the character of such assets and income as if they were held directly by us rather
              than by such other corporation. If we are characterized as a PFIC, U.S. holders of our common shares may suffer adverse tax consequences, including having gains realized on the sale of our common shares treated as ordinary income rather than
              capital gain, the loss of the preferential tax rate applicable to dividends received on our common shares by individuals who are U.S. holders, and having interest charges apply to certain distributions by us and the proceeds of sales or other
              dispositions of our common shares that result in a gain to the U.S. holder. In addition, special information reporting may be required. Our status as a PFIC will depend on the nature and composition of our income and the nature, composition and value of our assets from time to time. The 50% passive asset test described above
              is generally based on the fair market value of each asset. If we are a CFC (determined by disregarding certain downward attribution rules) and not publicly traded for the relevant taxable year, however, the test shall be applied based on the
              adjusted basis of our assets. Because our common shares should be considered to be “publicly traded” for the taxable year that ended on March 31, 2025, we would apply the 50% passive asset test using the fair market value of our assets. In
              addition, our status may also depend, in part, on how quickly we utilize our cash on-hand and cash from future financings in our business. Based on the foregoing, with respect to the taxable year that ended on March 31, 2025, we believe that we were not a PFIC based in part upon the fair market value of our assets, including any
              goodwill and intangible property and the nature and composition of our income and assets. Our status as a PFIC is a fact-intensive determination made on an annual basis, which is subject to uncertainties, including but not limited to the fact that the value of our assets for
              purposes of the PFIC determination may be affected by the trading value of our common shares, which could fluctuate significantly. The total value of our assets for purposes of the PFIC asset test frequently (though not invariably) may be
              inferred using the market price of our ordinary shares, which may fluctuate considerably and thereby affect the determination of our PFIC status for future taxable years. Our U.S. counsel expresses no opinion with respect to our PFIC status
              for the current or future taxable years. We will endeavor to determine our PFIC status for each taxable year and make such determination available to U.S. holders. 110 Table of Contents ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Cybersecurity Risk
        Management and Strategy Roivant’s corporate information security organization, led by our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), is responsible for our overall information security strategy, policy,
          security engineering, operations and cybersecurity threat and incident detection and response centrally at Roivant and the majority of our Vants. Certain of our Vants, including Immunovant and our healthcare technology Vants, have established and
          maintain separate cybersecurity functions which are similarly designed to protect their information and assets from cybersecurity threats or incidents. Roivant and the Vants’ information security organization manages a robust enterprise security structure with the goal of preventing and mitigating any cybersecurity incidents, while
          simultaneously working to continually increase information technology system resilience designed to minimize any business impact should a cybersecurity incident occur. Central to Roivant’s information security organization is our Cybersecurity
          Incident Response Team, which is responsible for the protection, detection and response capabilities used to protect our data and enterprise computing networks. A Cybersecurity Risk Governance Committee oversees processes for identifying and
          mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents and helps align our risk exposure with our strategic objectives. Cybersecurity threats and incidents deemed to have a moderate or higher business impact, even if immaterial to us as a whole, are reported to the Corporate Risk Management Committee and shared with Roivant’s board of directors. Roivant and the Vants implement multiple levels of cybersecurity measures ,
          including standard malware detection and prevention software, email security programs, privileged access management, vulnerability detection and remediation software, security patching management, security event logging and reviews and special
          isolation and access controls for data repositories that may contain sensitive information, including protected health information. Roivant and the Vants’ cybersecurity programs are informed by industry standards and include periodic risk assessments and security testing supported by cybersecurity technologies, including third-party security solutions , vulnerability management and monitoring tools, designed to monitor, identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats and incidents. In
          addition, we have implemented employee security and awareness training related to cybersecurity threats and incidents. Roivant and the Vants undergo periodic internal compliance audits and external reviews to evaluate our controls, including cybersecurity controls. Additionally, a majority of our
          information technology systems are built on services provided by third parties. In an effort to minimize third-party risk, we have established a process designed to assess the cybersecurity practices of third-party suppliers and related risks, including through review of relevant supplier certifications and cybersecurity procedures and responses to standardized information-gathering questionnaires, as we deem applicable and appropriate. Our control over and ability to monitor the security posture of third parties with whom we do business remains limited and there can be no assurance that we can prevent, mitigate or remediate the risk of any compromise or failure in the security infrastructure owned or controlled by such third parties. Additionally, any contractual protections with such third parties, including our right to
          indemnification, if any at all, may be limited or insufficient to prevent a negative impact on our business from any such compromise or failure. Governance Related to Cybersecurity Risks Roivant’s board of directors oversees our overall risk management strategy,
        including with respect to cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity risk management policies and procedures are integrated into our overall risk management strategy, which is overseen by the audit committee of the board of directors (“Audit Committee”). At least annually, the Audit Committee discusses our risk management program, including any information security and technology risks and findings from any audits, with our Chief Accounting Officer and other members of our management team. At the management level, our CISO is primarily responsible for leading our cybersecurity strategy centrally at Roivant and the majority of our Vants. Our CISO has extensive cybersecurity experience across a wide array of industries, with previous leadership positions specializing in safeguarding healthcare data across various health technology companies. At
        Immunovant and the healthcare technology Vants that have established and maintain separate cybersecurity functions, governance is similarly overseen in the first instance by the boards of directors of those Vants as part of their overall risk
        management strategy, with ultimate oversight on a company-wide basis by the Roivant board of directors. 111 Table of Contents

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and manufacturing as well as the market for our future products. Further, some of the Trump Administration’s policy initiatives may be subject to litigation, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business. It is possible that Congress or the Administration may take further actions to control drug prices. Further federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory developments
          are likely, and we expect these already enacted and ongoing initiatives to increase pressure on drug pricing. Reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenues from product candidates and may affect our overall financial condition and
          ability to develop product candidates. For example, a budget resolution that passed the House of Representatives in February 2025 instructed the House Energy & Commerce Committee to reduce the federal deficit by at least $880 billion over 10
          years, and the majority of these cuts are expected to impact the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program (“CHIP”). These cuts could involve reducing the scope of coverage under Medicaid and CHIP, including as it relates to
          prescription drug benefits. 39 Table of Contents At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biotherapeutic product pricing,
          including restrictions on pricing or reimbursement at the state government level, limitations on discounts to patients, marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, policies to encourage importation from other
          countries (subject to federal approval) and bulk purchasing, including the National Medicaid Pooling Initiative. In particular, the obligation to provide notices of price increases to purchasers under laws such as California’s SB-17 may influence
          customer ordering patterns for our product candidates, following regulatory approval, which in turn may increase the volatility of our revenues as a reflection of changes in inventory volumes. In addition, some state legislatures have established
          Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (“PDABs”), which under certain circumstances may conduct affordability reviews and establish upper payment limits (“UPLSs”) for drugs purchased in the state. For example, on August 4, 2023, the Colorado PDAB
          commenced an affordability review of five prescription drugs, including three products that are indicated to treat plaque psoriasis (ENBREL®, COSENTYX®, STELARA®). Amgen subsequently brought suit challenging the legality of the Colorado PDAB’s
          efforts to set a UPL for ENBREL, but that suit was dismissed without prejudice in March 2025 for lack of standing, in part because the Colorado PDAB has not yet issued UPLs impacting Amgen’s products. We cannot predict the outcome of such state
          PDAB affordability reviews or payment limitations or their impact on our future products. We may continue to see additional state action related to prescription drug pricing. Packaging and Distribution in the United States If our product candidates are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration once approved, additional laws and
          requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state
          consumer protection and unfair competition laws. The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security
          requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale, diversion or misuse of pharmaceutical products. The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet
          applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial
          or withdrawal of product approvals, or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur
          significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way. Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our
          manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely
          affect the operation of our business. Other U.S. Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and Regulations We may be subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment
          and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste
          products. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste products, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury
          resulting from the use or disposal of our hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and
          penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. We maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees, but this insurance may not provide adequate
          coverage against potential liabilities. However, we do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Current or future environmental
          laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 40 Table of Contents U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of our future products, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the
          Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during
          the FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date and only those claims covering such approved drug product, a method for
          using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. The patent-term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA plus the time between the submission date
          of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension
          and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply
          for restoration of patent term for our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA
          or BLA. Marketing exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent
          marketing exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which
          is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the
          applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also
          provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA
          to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not
          prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to
          conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. European Union and United Kingdom Drug Development On June 23, 2016, the electorate in the U.K. voted in favor of leaving the European Union (commonly referred to as Brexit). Thereafter, on March 29, 2017, the country
          formally notified the European Union of its intention to withdraw pursuant to Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. The U.K. formally left the European Union on January 31, 2020. A transition period began on February 1, 2020, during which E.U.
          pharmaceutical law remained applicable in the U.K. However, this ended on December 31, 2020. On December 30, 2020, the U.K. and European Union signed the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which includes an agreement on free trade between the two
          parties, although provides minimal provisions on medicinal products. Since that time, Great Britain operated a separate regulatory regime for medicinal products, although Northern Ireland continued to follow E.U. law. Further, on March 24, 2023,
          an agreement was reached by the U.K. and E.U. (the “Windsor Agreement”), relating to post-Brexit trade issues in Northern Ireland, which has applied from January 1, 2025. The Windsor Agreement seeks to simplify the supply of medicines between
          Great Britain and Northern Ireland and means the E.U. legislation does not apply in all cases in Northern Ireland. Since the regulatory framework in the U.K. covering the quality, safety and efficacy of pharmaceutical products, clinical trials,
          marketing authorizations, commercial sales, and distribution of pharmaceutical products is derived from E.U. Directives and Regulations, Brexit could materially impact the future regulatory regime which applies to products and the approval of
          product candidates in the U.K., as the U.K. legislation now has the potential to diverge from E.U. legislation. This continues to impact regulatory requirements for medicinal products and devices in the U.K. The MHRA has published detailed
          guidance for industry and organizations on the positions in the U.K., and continues to update them as the U.K.’s regulatory position on medicinal products and medical devices evolves. There are also a number of ongoing consultations on the future
          legislation in the U.K. In the EEA, which is comprised of the Member States of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, and in the U.K., our future products also may be subject to
          extensive regulatory requirements. As in the U.S., medicinal products can be marketed only if a marketing authorization from the relevant competent authority has been obtained. Similar to the U.S., the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the EEA and U.K. are subject to significant regulatory controls. The E.U. clinical trials legislation underwent a transition process due to the application of the new Clinical Trials Regulation (E.U.) No 536/2014 (the “Regulation”), which
          is mainly aimed at harmonizing and streamlining clinical trial authorization, simplifying adverse-event reporting procedures, improving the supervision of clinical trials and increasing their transparency. In April 2014, the E.U. adopted the
          Regulation, which started to apply on January 31, 2022 and replaced the previous Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC (the “Directive”). Specifically, the new Regulation, which is directly applicable in all Member States without the need for E.U.
          Member States to transpose it into national law, aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical trials in the E.U. For instance, the new Regulation provides for a streamlined application procedure via a single entry point and
          strictly defined deadlines for the assessment of clinical trial applications. It also provides for increased transparency and proactive publication of clinical trial documents and results, subject to certain exceptions and derogations. 41 Table of Contents Following Brexit, this Regulation is not applicable in the U.K., and the national legislation put in place to implement the Directive continues to apply to trials conducted
          in the U.K., although a consultation is ongoing in relation to future changes. European Union and United Kingdom Drug Marketing Much like the federal Anti-Kickback Statue prohibition in the U.S., the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians and healthcare organizations to induce or encourage
          the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order, administration or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the EEA and U.K. E.U. Directive 2001/83/EC, which is the Directive governing medicinal products for human
          use, as implemented in the relevant Member State and the U.K., the national anti-bribery laws of the European Union Member States, and the Bribery Act 2010 in the U.K., as well as the industry Codes of Practice that are based on the European
          Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) Code of Practice, collectively prohibit the provision of benefits or advantages to induce or reward improper performance. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial
          fines and imprisonment. E.U. Directive 2001/83/EC further provides that, where medicinal products are being promoted to persons qualified to prescribe or supply them, no gifts, pecuniary advantages or benefits in kind may be supplied, offered or
          promised to such persons unless they are inexpensive and relevant to the practice of medicine or pharmacy. This provision has been transposed into the national laws of the E.U. Member States, as well as in the U.K. Human Medicines Regulations
          2012 and so remains applicable in the U.K. despite its departure from the E.U. Promotion of prescription-only medicinal products to an audience other than healthcare professionals is prohibited in the EEA and the U.K. Depending on the applicable national rules in the E.U. Member States and the U.K., payments and other transfers of value made to physicians, physician associations, medical
          students, healthcare organizations, patient organizations and other stakeholders in the E.U. Member States, the U.K. and Member States of the EEA must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior
          notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his or her competent professional organization and the regulatory authorities of the individual country. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional
          codes of conduct, applicable in the relevant country. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. European Union and United Kingdom Drug Review and Approval In the EEA, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a marketing authorization (“MA”). There are two main types of marketing authorizations for
          innovative medicinal products, which, however, are based on largely identical regulatory rules, requirements and timelines, including the requirements concerning the presentation and content of the application for marketing authorization. • The centralized MA is issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (the “CHMP”), of the EMA, and is valid
                  throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicinal products (gene-therapy,
                  somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune
                  dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical
                  innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EEA. • National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of
                  the centralized procedure. If a product is to be authorized in more than one Member State, the assessment procedure is coordinated between the relevant E.U. Member States. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a
                  Member State of the EEA, the national MA can be recognized in another Member State through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved
                  simultaneously in various Member States through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of
                  which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State (the “RMS”). The competent authority of the RMS coordinates the preparation of a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics (the “SmPC”), and a
                  draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Concerned Member States) for their final approval. If the Concerned Member States raise no objections, based on a potential serious
                  risk to public health, to the assessment, SmPC, labeling, or packaging circulated by the RMS, the coordinated procedures is closed, and the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the
                  Concerned Member States). 42 Table of Contents Under the above-described procedures, during the assessment of the documents submitted in the MAA and before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the
          Member States of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. The centralised MAs are granted by the European Commission, where the national
          MAs are granted by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA. Now that the U.K. has left the European Union, and following the changes introduced by the Windsor Agreement, the countries of the U.K. are no longer covered by centralized
          MAs. On January 1, 2024, the International Recognition Procedure (“IRP”) was introduced, whereby the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (the “MHRA”), the U.K. medicines regulator, may rely on a decision taken by other
          international regulators, including the European Commission and the U.S. FDA, in order to more quickly grant a new MA valid in Great Britain or the U.K. A separate application will, however, still be required and the MHRA has the right to
          undertake its own assessment of the dossier. There are two such routes, allowing recognition in a 60-day or 110-day timelines. The IRP is in addition to the MHRA’s national procedures, including the shortened 150-day timetable. European Union and United Kingdom Data Protection and Market Exclusivity In the EEA and U.K., innovative medicinal products, approved on the basis of a full dossier of preclinical and clinical data as part of the MAA, qualify for eight years of
          data protection upon marketing authorization and an additional two years of market exclusivity. The data protection, if granted, prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from referencing the innovator’s preclinical and clinical trial data
          contained in the dossier of the reference innovative product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA in the EEA/U.K., for a period of eight years from the date of authorization of the reference product. During the additional two-year period
          of market exclusivity, a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization application can be submitted, and the innovator’s data may be referenced, but no generic or biosimilar product can be marketed until the expiration of the market exclusivity.
          The overall ten-year period can be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the
          scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are determined to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with currently approved therapies. Even if an innovative medicinal product gains the prescribed period of data protection,
          however, another company may market another version of the product if such company obtained a MA based on a marketing authorization application with a complete independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical
          trials (i.e., without cross-referencing to the data within the reference innovative product). European Union and United Kingdom Orphan Designation and Exclusivity In the EEA, the European Commission, based on the scientific assessment from the EMA’s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, grants orphan drug designation to promote the
          development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions and either (i) such condition affects not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EEA, or (ii) it is
          unlikely that the development of the medicine would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment in its development. In either case, the applicant must also demonstrate that no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or
          treatment has been authorized (or, if a method exists, the product would be a significant benefit to those affected compared to the product available). In the EEA, orphan drug designation entitles a party to benefits such as scientific advice (protocol assistance) and financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee
          waivers. In addition, if the criteria for orphan designation are found to be maintained at the time of authorization of the product, ten years of market exclusivity is granted following grant of an orphan marketing authorization. During this
          market exclusivity period, neither the EMA nor the European Commission nor any of the competent authorities in the EEA Members States can accept an application or grant a marketing authorization for a “similar medicinal product” for the same
          indication. A “similar medicinal product” is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication.
          This orphan exclusivity period may be reduced to six years if the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Market
          exclusivity may also be broken, so a similar product may be authorized for the same indication, in very select cases, such as if (i) it is established that a similar medicinal product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to
          the authorized product; (ii) the marketing authorization holder consents to the grant of marketing authorization for the similar product; or (iii) the marketing authorization holder cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product. Orphan drug
          designation must be requested before submitting an application for marketing approval. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process and must be confirmed at the
          time of grant of the marketing authorization (i.e., reassessment of compliance with the orphan designation criteria). 43 Table of Contents On April 26, 2023, as part of the E.U. Pharmaceutical Strategy, the European Commission published a proposal for a comprehensive revision of the E.U. pharmaceutical
          legislation. If adopted by the European Parliament and the Council, the new legislation is likely to significantly change the regulatory regime applicable to both (i) the “non-orphan” data protection and market exclusivity regime described in the
          previous section; and (ii) the orphan exclusivities. Subject to the outcome of the ongoing legislative process in the European Parliament and the Council, the revisions may potentially reduce/modulate the rewards that could be granted to both
          non-orphan and orphan medicinal products. In addition, the proposal envisages changes to the concept of unmet medical need and considers introducing novel rewards for orphan medical products addressing high unmet medical need. The adoption of the
          new legislation is not expected before the end of 2025 at the earliest and it will start to apply 18 months after the entry in force. Following Brexit, a separate process for orphan drug designation applies in the U.K. There is no pre-marketing authorization orphan designation step required (as there is in
          the EEA), and the application for orphan designation will be reviewed by the MHRA at the time of the marketing authorization application. The criteria are the same as in the EEA, save that they apply to the U.K. only (e.g., there must be no
          satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition concerned in the U.K.). Following the application of the Windsor Agreement on January 1, 2025, orphan products cover the whole of the U.K. European Union and United Kingdom Pediatric Investigation Plan In the EEA and U.K., MAAs for new medicinal products have to include the results of studies conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric
          investigation plan (a “PIP”), agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee (a “PDCO”) or MHRA as relevant. The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the drug for which marketing
          authorization is being sought. The PDCO/MHRA can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures of the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the
          obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO/MHRA when this data is not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product
          is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. If a marketing authorization is obtained and trial results are included in the
          product information, even when negative, and the product is approved in all Member States, non-orphan products are eligible for six months’ supplementary protection certificate extension. In the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year
          extension of the orphan market exclusivity may be available. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. As noted above, the upcoming legislative reforms in the E.U., which are part of the new E.U. Pharmaceutical Strategy may, potentially result in a reduction of the above
          pediatric rewards and imposition of additional requirements for grant of rewards. European Union and United Kingdom Data Protection Regime The processing of personal data, including health data, in the EEA is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), which became effective May 25, 2018.
          The GDPR applies to any company established in the EEA and to companies established outside the EEA that process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the European Union or EEA or the monitoring of
          the behavior of data subjects in the European Union or EEA. The GDPR enhances data protection obligations for data controllers of personal data, including inter alia stringent requirements relating to lawful and legitimate basis and purposes for
          the processing of personal data, the consent of data subjects, expanded disclosures about how personal data is used, requirements to conduct privacy impact assessments for “high risk” processing, limitations on retention of personal data,
          appointment of a data protection officers, conclusion of data processing agreements, mandatory data breach notification and “privacy by design” requirements, and creates direct obligations on service providers acting as data processors. The GDPR
          also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA to countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection, like the U.S. In the past, one such data transfer mechanism was the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, but the
          Privacy Shield was invalidated for international transfers of personal data in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”). In July 2023, the U.S. and E.U. implemented the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) replacing
          the invalidated Privacy Shield. Companies can now use this new mechanism to transfer personal data from the E.U. to the U.S. and from Switzerland to the U.S. The U.K. Extension to the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Data Bridge”) entered into
          force in October 2023, allowing certifying entities to transfer personal data from the U.K. to the U.S. At the moment it is unclear whether the anticipated legal challenges against the DPF, which may be similar to the challenge that led to the
          invalidation of the Privacy Shield, would be successful. It is also unclear if changes introduced in the U.S. by the Trump Administration will lead the European Commission to reconsider the DPF. Related questions were raised in the European
          Parliament in the beginning of 2025. In July 2020, the CJEU upheld the validity of standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”) as a legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the
          European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection and in July 2021, the European Commission adopted new SCCs. Even so, companies relying on SCCs must, subject to additional guidance from regulators in the EEA and the
          U.K., regularly evaluate and implement supplementary measures that provide privacy protections additional to those provided under SCCs. 44 Table of Contents The use of the new SCCs may increase the legal risks and liabilities under EEA privacy, data protection and information security laws. Given that, at present, there are few,
          if any, viable alternatives to the SCCs and the DPF, any transfers by us or our vendors of personal information from the EEA to the U.S. may not comply with the EEA data protection laws, which may increase our exposure to the GDPR’s heightened
          sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions and may prohibit our transfer of EEA personal information outside of the EEA (including clinical trial data), and may adversely impact our operations and product development. The competent authorities and courts in a number of E.U. Member States continue to closely scrutinize and question the GDPR compliance of processing of personal data by
          U.S.-based entities or entities with links to U.S.-based entities, independently of whether personal data is actually transferred outside the EEA. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws
          of the EEA Member States may result in fines up to €20 million or 4% of a company’s global annual revenues for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. Moreover, the GDPR grants data subjects the right to claim material and non-material
          damages resulting from infringement of the GDPR. In June 2021, the CJEU issued a ruling that expanded the scope of the “one stop shop” under the GDPR. According to the ruling, the competent authorities of E.U. Member States may, under certain
          strict conditions, bring claims to their national courts against a company for breaches of the GDPR, including unlawful cross-border processing activities, even such company does not have an establishment in the E.U. member state in question and
          the competent authority bringing the claim is not the lead supervisory authority. In addition, further to the U.K.’s exit from the European Union on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the U.K. at the end of the transition period on December 31,
          2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the U.K.’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain U.K. specific amendments) into U.K. law, referred to as the U.K. GDPR. The U.K.
          GDPR and the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 set out the U.K.’s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the European Union’s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the U.K. GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up
          to £17.5 million or 4% of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. With respect to transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.K., on June 28, 2021 the European Commission issued an adequacy decision in respect of the U.K.’s data protection
          framework, enabling data transfers from E.U. member states to the U.K. to continue without requiring organizations to put in place contractual or other measures in order to lawfully transfer personal data between the territories. While it is
          intended to last for at least four years, the adequacy decision will automatically expire in June 2025 unless the European Commission renews or extends it and may be modified or unilaterally revoked in the interim at any point, and if this occurs
          it could lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. On March 18, 2025, the European Commission proposed to extend its adequacy decision in favor of the U.K. for an additional six-month period. This would allow transfers of
          personal data from the E.U. to the U.K. to continue until December 27, 2025 and is intended to allow time for the legislative process to conclude in the U.K. Once this process is concluded, the European Commission will assess the new U.K. legal
          framework and decide on its adequacy. In the meantime, the U.K. data protection rules that were found adequate in June 2021 remain in place and continue to apply to data transferred from the E.U. Rest of the World Regulation For other countries outside of the European Union and the U.S., such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical
          trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that
          have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals,
          product recalls, seizure of products and operating restrictions. Additional Laws and Regulations Governing International Operations If we further expand our operations outside of the U.S., we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we
          plan to operate. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official,
          political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed
          in the U.S. to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain
          an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular
          challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical
          trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. Further, other anti-corruption laws, such as the U.K. Bribery Act, are broader and can regulate payments to
          non-governmental entities. 45 Table of Contents Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the U.S., or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information
          classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If we expand our presence outside of the U.S., it will require us to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws,
          and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain product candidates outside of the U.S., which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government
          contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA’s accounting provisions. Coverage and Reimbursement Successful commercialization of new drug products depends in part on the extent to which reimbursement for those drug products will be available from government programs,
          such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drug products they will pay for and
          establish reimbursement levels. The availability and extent of reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford a drug product. Sales of drug products depend substantially, both domestically and
          abroad, on the extent to which the costs of drugs products are covered or paid for by the federal or national government as well as commercial managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and similar healthcare management organizations. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment, and efforts of third-party payors to contain or reduce health care costs may adversely
          affect our ability to establish or maintain appropriate prices for our product candidates following regulatory approval. Such efforts include the use of accumulator adjustment programs that do not consider amounts paid by pharmaceutical copay
          assistance programs as counting towards a patient’s deductible or other out-of-pocket costs. Under new rules promulgated by CMS that would have taken effect January 1, 2023, such accumulator adjustment (or similar) programs could affect the
          amount of rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or affect our ability to offer various forms of patient support, including copay assistance. However, this regulation was struck down in Federal court in May 2022.
          Additionally, there was litigation challenging CMS’ co-pay accumulator policies for non-grandfathered health plans. On September 29, 2023, a federal district court vacated provisions of the 2021 Notice of Benefit and Payment Parameter (“NBPP”)
          final rule that provided health plans with discretion whether to include manufacturer assistance toward the annual cost-sharing limit. Further, on December 22, 2023, the district court clarified that the effect of the vacatur is to reinstate the
          2020 NBPP final rule, which barred the use of accumulators for brand drugs without generics. Both parties initially appealed, and subsequently withdrew their appeals. In its 2025 NBPP final rule, CMS did not address its co-pay accumulator policy
          and has not issued other guidance explaining its interpretation of the court’s ruling, appearing to allow the 2020 policy to remain in effect. Although CMS declined in the 2026 NBPP proposed rule to propose changes to its existing policies
          regarding the impact of manufacturer support on enrollee cost-sharing limits, the agency announced an intention for future rulemaking on this topic, without committing to a timeline. At the same time, however, certain states have passed laws
          prohibiting third-party payors from utilizing accumulator programs. Government authorities and third-party payors also have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular drug products. In many
          countries, the prices of drug products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In general, the prices of drug products under such systems are substantially lower than in the U.S. Other countries allow
          companies to fix their own prices for drug products, but monitor and control company profits. Accordingly, in markets outside the U.S., the acquisition costs and reimbursement for drug products may be lower than within the U.S. In the U.S., the decisions about reimbursement for new drug products under the Medicare program are made by CMS, an agency within HHS. CMS determines coverage standards for
          products reimbursed by Medicare, and private payors often adopt coverage standards established by CMS for the commercial marketplace. However, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors and
          coverage and reimbursement levels for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular
          indication. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded drug on their formularies or otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less costly generic equivalent or another alternative is available.
          Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products and services and imposing controls to manage costs. 46 Table of Contents The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Medicare Modernization Act” or the “MMA”), established the Medicare Part D program to provide
          a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Parts
          A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare, Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs (except for
          those selected for negotiation under the IRA as described above), and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must
          include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy
          and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for drugs for which we obtain marketing approval. Any negotiated prices for any of our products covered by a Part D prescription drug
          plan will likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their
          own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. For a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs, a manufacturer must enter into agreements with the Secretary of HHS to
          participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the 340B drug discount program. Under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, manufacturers are obligated to pay rebates to the State Medicaid Programs on each unit of the manufacturer’s drugs that
          are reimbursed by State Medicaid Programs—both with regard to Medicaid Fee for Service and Medicaid Managed Care. Additionally, under the 340B drug discount program, manufacturers extend discounts to “covered entities” eligible to participate in
          the 340B program, including various hospital providers. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the average manufacturer price (“AMP”) and Medicaid rebate amounts reported and paid by the manufacturer under the
          Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. As of 2010, the ACA expanded the types of entities eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing, although under current law these newly eligible entities (with the exception of children’s hospitals) will not be
          eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing on drugs that receive an orphan designation by the FDA. As 340B drug pricing is determined based on AMP and Medicaid rebate data, revisions to the statute and regulations governing the Medicaid Drug
          Rebate Program may cause the required 340B discount to increase. Many parameters of the 340B program are subject to uncertainty. Several drug manufacturers have commenced litigation, which remains ongoing, challenging the legality of
          contract pharmacy arrangements, which may affect the way in which manufacturers are required to extend the 340B Drug Discount Program prices to covered entities, including through contract pharmacies. Additionally, although HRSA historically has
          interpreted 340B discounts to apply only to “patients” who had their care initiated at a given 340B covered entity, a November 2023 district court ruling struck down this understanding as too narrow. Although the ruling applies only to the
          parties to the litigation, it introduces uncertainty as to the scope of the 340B program and may serve as a precedent for future litigation or legislation impacting the industry at large. In another ongoing case impacting the scope of the 340B
          program, in November 2023, various hospitals sued HRSA to challenge an agency policy requiring that “child sites” of a hospital must be included on that hospital’s most recent Medicare cost report to qualify for discounts under the program. The
          outcome of this litigation could increase the speed at which new locations of 340B covered entities are able to access 340B discounts. In 2024, several manufacturers announced an intention to adopt a “rebate model” that would offer covered
          entities 340B pricing through a rebate off a product’s list price rather than as an up-front discount. HRSA objected to the rebate model, including by threatening to terminate the manufacturers from the 340B program. Several manufacturers filed
          suit against HRSA, and the outcome of this litigation could impact the scope of the 340B program and the manner in which covered entities may access 340B pricing. Finally, it also is possible that Congress could consider other legislation that
          amends or reforms the 340B Drug Discount Program. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides funding for the federal government to compare the effectiveness of different treatments for the same illness. The
          plan for the research was published in 2012 by the Department of HHS, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes for Health, and periodic reports on the status of the research and related expenditures are made to
          Congress. Although the results of the comparative effectiveness studies are not intended to mandate coverage policies for public or private payors, it is not clear what effect, if any, the research will have on the sales of our drug candidates,
          if any such drug or the condition that they are intended to treat are the subject of a trial. It is also possible that comparative effectiveness research demonstrating benefits in a competitor’s drug could adversely affect the sales of our drug
          candidate. If third-party payors do not consider our drugs to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our drugs after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be
          sufficient to allow us to sell our drugs on a profitable basis. These laws and future state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other
          healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. 47 Table of Contents Outside of the U.S., the pricing of pharmaceutical products and medical devices is subject to governmental control in many countries. For example, in the European Union and
          U.K., pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that products may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies
          that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular therapy to currently available therapies or so-called health technology assessments, in order to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. Other countries may allow companies to fix their own
          prices for products, but monitor and control product volumes or the amount of profit made on those profits, and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. Efforts to control prices and utilization of pharmaceutical products and medical
          devices will likely continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures. Human Capital Management As of March 31, 2025, we and our subsidiaries had approximately 750 full-time employees, including 693 in the U.S. Our human capital objectives include sourcing, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and developing our existing and future employees. We believe we can achieve our human capital objectives by
          implementing the following approaches: • Hire high-caliber talent across all levels using both a dedicated in-house talent acquisition team and top-tier executive search firms • Recruit multidisciplinary talent from a broad range of industries, including biopharmaceuticals, financial services, technology and consulting • Invest in early career development through a number of important initiatives: • A robust Rotational Analyst (“RA”) program, hiring recent college graduates from top private and public institutions • PharmD Fellowship program in partnership with the UNC Eshelman School of Pharmacy • Support Roivant and Roivant Social Ventures’ summer internship program for current PharmD candidates • Partnership with Girls Who Invest to help attract and support women investors • Offer highly competitive short- and long-term incentives through both Roivant and Vant share-based compensation programs and meaningful performance-based cash bonuses • Undertake rigorous benchmarking analyses in partnership with third parties to ensure competitive compensation practices and conduct annual pay equity analyses to detect, analyze and remediate any
                  compensation disparities where appropriate • Provide company-wide training and speaker programs on topics such as unconscious bias, building trust in relationships and professional development • Partner with external organizations to support biopharma-related initiatives in the community • Offer a professional development stipend to each employee for use towards individual growth and development • Unlock unique career progression across Roivant and Vants through “Vant mobility” and offer unparalleled leadership opportunities for employees through the Vant model • Cultivate community among our employee base through Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”), including Women@Roivant (Roivant’s women’s employee resource group), ROI-GBIV (Roivant’s LGBTQ+ employee resource
                  group), BIPOC (Roivant’s black, indigenous and people of color employee resource group) and Asian@Roivant (Roivant’s Asian American and Pacific Islander employee resource group) In addition to these specific recruitment and retention practices above, we believe the Vant model offers significant human capital advantages. Our nimble, entrepreneurial
          Vants operate similarly to independent biotechnology companies where each management team, comprised of world-class drug developers and clinical operators, is solely focused on their respective Vant’s mission. Our and our Vants’ equity incentive
          plans are designed to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of share-based compensation awards to encourage focus, alignment of interests, and calculated risk-taking. As a public company,
          we expect to continue to hire additional personnel and to implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. Corporate and Other Information We were registered as an exempted limited company in Bermuda in 2014, under the name Valor Biotechnology Ltd. In November 2014, we changed our name to Roivant Sciences Ltd.
          Our principal executive offices are located at 7th Floor, 50 Broadway, London SW1H 0DB, United Kingdom. Our telephone number is +44 207 400 3347. Our web page address is https://roivant.com. Our investor relations website is located at https://investor.roivant.com/. We will make available free of charge on our investor
          relations website under “SEC Filings” our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our directors’ and officers’ Section 16 Reports and any amendments to those reports after filing or furnishing
          such materials to the SEC. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC’s website is www.sec.gov. References to our website do not
          constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on our website, and the information contained on our website is not part of this document nor any other document that we file with or furnish to the SEC. 48 Table of Contents

