TICKER: ROKU
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and inventory levels; • decreased availability or increased costs for materials and components used in the manufacturing of our products and our licensed Roku TV partners’ products; • our ability to obtain key components from sole source suppliers; • interoperability of our products with content partners’ and other third parties’ offerings, technologies, and systems; • detecting hardware defects and software errors in our products before they are released to end users; • component manufacturing, design, or other defects that may render our products permanently inoperable; • our ability to obtain or maintain necessary or desirable licenses, certifications, or approvals related to our use or support of third-party technology, intellectual property, or services; • our introduction of new products and services; • our use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies in some of our products and services; • maintaining adequate customer support levels; Risks Related to Operating and Growing Our Business • our history of operating losses; • volatility of our quarterly operating results that could cause our stock price to decline; • our ability to manage our growth; • our ability to successfully expand our international operations; • seasonality and other potential fluctuations in our business and their impact on our revenue and gross profit; • attracting and retaining key personnel and managing succession; • maintaining systems that can support our growth, business arrangements, and financial rules; • our ability to successfully complete acquisitions and strategic transactions and integrate acquired businesses; • our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding credit facility; • our ability to secure funds to meet our financial obligations and support our planned business growth; • our uninsured cash deposits; • the impact of macroeconomic conditions, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, or other natural or man-made catastrophic events on our business; Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Reliability, and Data Privacy • data security incidents, including cybersecurity attacks, or other significant disruptions of our information technology systems that could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability; • legal obligations and potential liability or reputational harm related to our collection, processing, disclosure, and storage of personal information; • disruptions in information technology systems or other services that result in a degradation of our platform; • changes in how network operators manage data that travel across their networks; 9 Table of Contents Risks Related to Intellectual Property • intellectual property infringement claims and litigation resulting in significant costs or the loss of important intellectual property rights; • failure or inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights; • our use of open-source software; • our agreements to indemnify certain of our partners if our technology is alleged to infringe on third parties’ intellectual property rights; Legal and Regulatory Risks • lawsuits and other legal proceedings, disputes, claims, and government inquiries and investigations; • enactment of or changes to government regulation or laws related to our business; • changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, geopolitical conditions, and general economic conditions that impact our business; • U.S. or international rules (or the absence of rules) that permit internet access network operators to degrade users’ internet service speeds or limit internet data consumption by users; • liability for content that is distributed through or advertising that is served through our platform; • our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; • the impact of changes in accounting principles; • compliance with laws and regulations related to the payment of income taxes and collection of indirect taxes; • changes to U.S. or foreign taxation laws or regulations; Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock • the dual class structure of our common stock; • volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock; • potential dilution or a decline in our stock price caused by future sales or issuance of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock; • a decline in our stock price caused by future sales by existing stockholders; • the impact of our stock repurchase program; • dependency on favorable securities and industry analyst reports; • the significant legal, accounting, and other expenses associated with being a publicly traded company; • the absence of dividends on our common stock; • anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws; and • the limitations resulting from our selection of the Delaware Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district courts as the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we fail to differentiate our streaming platform and compete successfully with our competitors, it will be difficult for us to attract and retain users and our business will be adversely impacted. The global TV streaming industry—including the sale of TV streaming devices as well as the sale of advertising, subscription services, and other on-demand content on TV streaming platforms—is highly competitive. Our success depends in part on user acquisition and retention and the effective monetization of our streaming platform. To attract and retain users, we must respond efficiently to changes in user tastes and preferences and offer our users access to the content they demand on terms that they accept. Effective monetization requires us to continue to update the features and functionality of our streaming platform for users, content partners, and advertisers. We also must effectively support popular sources of streaming content that are available on our platform. And we must respond rapidly to actual and anticipated market trends in the TV streaming industry. Large companies such as Amazon, Apple, and Google offer TV streaming devices that compete with Roku streaming devices and those of our licensed Roku TV partners and the Roku TV OS. Google licenses its Android operating system software for integration into smart TVs, including those of certain of our existing TV partners, and service provider set-top boxes, and Amazon licenses its operating system software for integration into smart TVs and sells Amazon-branded smart TVs. We also face increased competition from Walmart (which makes and sells Onn. branded streaming products, including co-branded Roku TV models), in light of its acquisition of Vizio (which makes and sells smart TVs with a proprietary operating system) and the integration of Vizio’s operating system into Walmart products instead of other third-party proprietary operating systems. These companies have greater financial resources than we do and can subsidize the cost of their streaming devices or licensing arrangements to promote their other products and services, which could make it harder for us to acquire new users, retain existing users, increase Streaming Hours, and monetize our streaming platform. These competitors could also implement standards or technology that are not compatible with our 10 Table of Contents products or that provide a better streaming experience and have greater resources to more aggressively promote their brands through advertising than we do. In addition, we compete for Streaming Hours with many TV brands, including certain of our existing TV partners, that offer their own TV streaming solutions within their TVs, mobile streaming applications on smartphones and tablets, and other devices and platforms, such as game consoles with TV streaming functionality. Similarly, some service operators, such as Comcast and Charter Communications (and their joint venture, Xumo, LLC), offer TV streaming applications and devices as part of their cable service plans and can leverage their existing user bases, installation networks, broadband delivery networks, and name recognition to gain traction in TV streaming. If viewers of TV streaming content prefer alternative products to Roku streaming devices, we may not be able to achieve our expected growth in our key performance metrics. To remain competitive and maintain our position as a leading TV streaming platform, we need to continuously invest in our platform, product development, marketing, service and support, and device distribution infrastructure. In addition, evolving TV standards and unknown future developments may require further investments in the development of Roku streaming devices, our streaming platform, and our other products and services. We may not have sufficient resources to continue to make the investments needed to maintain our competitive position. In addition, some of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing, and other resources than us, which provide them with advantages in developing, marketing, or servicing new products and offerings. Our competitors also may enter into business combinations or partnerships that strengthen their competitive positions. As a result, they may be able to respond more quickly to market demand, devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sales, and distribution of their products or their content, and influence market acceptance of their products better than we can. These competitors may also be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies or standards and may be able to deliver products and services at a lower cost. Sustained competition could reduce our sales volume, revenue, gross profit, and operating margins, result in pricing pressure, increase our operating costs, harm our competitive position, and otherwise harm our business. To enhance our users’ experience, we also offer other Roku-branded products, including projectors, smart home products and services, and audio products, and we face additional competition in these product categories. If these products do not operate as designed or do not enhance the Roku Experience as we intend, our users’ overall experience may be diminished, which may harm our competitive position and otherwise harm our business. Our competitors offer content and other advertising mediums that may be more attractive to advertisers than our streaming platform. We operate in a highly competitive advertising industry and compete for revenue from advertising with other streaming platforms and services, social media platforms, and other digital platforms, as well as traditional media, such as radio, broadcast, cable and satellite TV, and satellite and internet radio. These competitors offer content and other advertising mediums that may be more attractive to advertisers than our streaming platform. These competitors are often very large and have more advertising experience and financial resources than we do, which may adversely affect our ability to compete for advertisers and may result in lower revenue and gross profit from advertising. Many major SVOD services now have ad-supported SVOD tiers, which has further increased competition for streaming TV advertising revenue. These services, as well as AVOD and FAST services, sell advertising inventory in their ad-supported content that is distributed on our streaming platform. Our business and growth prospects may be harmed if we are unable to increase our revenue from advertising by, among other things, continuing to improve our streaming platform’s capabilities to further optimize and measure advertisers’ campaigns; continuing to increase our streaming platform’s reach; increasing, differentiating, and selling our advertising inventory, including video advertising inventory we sell in The Roku Channel, video advertising inventory that we acquire through our streaming services distribution agreements, and display ads included throughout the Roku Experience; innovating our ad product offerings; and maintaining a strong advertising sales team and programmatic capabilities. See also “— If we are unable to maintain an appropriate supply of quality video advertising inventory on our streaming platform or generate sufficient demand to effectively sell our available video advertising inventory, our business may be harmed .” If advertisers continue to devote a substantial portion of their advertising budgets to advertising in traditional media or on other digital platforms rather than on advertising on our streaming platform, the future growth of our business may be negatively impacted. Many advertisers continue to devote a substantial portion of their advertising budgets to advertising in traditional media or on other digital platforms, such as traditional TV, radio, print publications, and social media. The future growth of our business depends on the growth of advertising on TV streaming platforms and on advertisers increasing their spending on advertising on our TV streaming platform. Although traditional TV advertisers have shown growing interest in advertising on TV streaming platforms, we cannot be certain that their interest will continue to increase or that they will not revert to traditional TV advertising or shift their advertising spending to social media and other digital platforms. In addition, if we are unable to compete with social media and other digital platforms to win business from advertisers and advertising agencies who have traditionally advertised on these platforms, such as direct-to-consumer and small or medium-sized businesses, our ability to grow our business may be limited. If advertisers, or their agency relationships, do not perceive meaningful benefits of advertising on TV streaming platforms, our business may develop more slowly than we expect, which could adversely impact our operating results and our ability to grow our business. 11 Table of Contents Finally, there is political or regulatory pressure in some countries to limit streaming TV advertising (including limiting the advertising that may be associated with children’s content) or impose local content or prominence requirements on streaming TV services, which could pose a threat to our operating results and our ability to grow our business. If we are unable to maintain an appropriate supply of quality video advertising inventory on our streaming platform or generate sufficient demand to effectively sell our available video advertising inventory, our business may be harmed. Our business model depends on our ability to maintain an appropriate supply of video advertising inventory on our streaming platform and sell it to advertisers. While The Roku Channel has historically served as a valuable source of video advertising inventory for us to sell, there is no guarantee that it will continue to do so in the future. If The Roku Channel is unable to secure content that is appealing to our users and advertisers, or is unable to do so on terms that provide a sufficient supply of advertising inventory at reasonable cost, our supply of video advertising inventory will be negatively impacted. We are also dependent on our ability to monetize video advertising inventory within other ad-supported apps on our streaming platform and seek to sell such inventory from the content partners of such apps. We may fail to attract content partners that generate a sufficient quantity or quality of ad-supported content hours on our streaming platform or fail to obtain access to a sufficient supply of such advertising inventory from the publishers. Our access to video advertising inventory in ad-supported streaming apps on our streaming platform varies greatly among apps and the amount, quality, and cost of video advertising inventory available to us can change at any time. Accordingly, we may not have access to a significant portion of the video advertising inventory on our streaming platform. For certain apps, including YouTube, we have no access to video advertising inventory at this time, and we may not secure access in the future. Moreover, we have in the past been unable, and in the future may be unable, to obtain access to video advertising inventory on ad-supported tiers of SVOD services on mutually agreeable terms, or at all. If we cannot grow, maintain, and generate sufficient demand for an appropriate supply of quality video advertising inventory at reasonable costs to keep up with demand or sell such advertising inventory at our desired price, our business may be harmed. If the advertising campaigns that run on our streaming platform decrease or are not relevant or not engaging to our users, our business may be harmed. We have made, and are continuing to make, investments to engage with more advertisers and content partners, and enable them to deliver more relevant advertising campaigns to our viewers. Historically, a small number of advertisers and content partners have accounted for a significant portion of the spending on ads integrated into our UI, and we are making efforts to expand the number and categories of advertisers spending on these ads. If our advertisers and content partners decrease spending on ads integrated into our UI, or if our efforts to broaden the categories of advertisers spending on these ads are unsuccessful, our financial condition and operating results may suffer, and our business may be harmed. For example, consolidation among content partners has in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in decreased spending on ads integrated into our UI. In addition, existing and prospective advertisers may not be successful in serving advertising campaigns that lead to and maintain viewer engagement. Those ads and campaigns may seem irrelevant, repetitive, or overly targeted and intrusive. For example, viewers may dislike the content and frequency of advertising that appears on the Roku Home Screen. We are continuously seeking to balance the objectives of our advertisers with our desire to provide an optimal viewer experience, but we may not be successful in achieving a balance that continues to attract and retain viewers, advertisers, and content partners. If the advertising campaigns that run on our streaming platform are not relevant, are overly intrusive or too frequent, or are an impediment to the use of our platform, our viewers may stop using our platform, resulting in a reduction of our user base and Streaming Hours, which will harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We are subject to various risks in connection with programmatic advertising. Programmatic streaming TV ad buying is growing within the industry, and advertisers and advertising agencies can programmatically purchase and manage their streaming TV, desktop, and mobile advertising campaigns both off and on the Roku platform through third-party mechanisms (such as third-party DSPs and SSPs) and through our media buying channels. If we are unable to expand our programmatic demand by maintaining and developing third-party demand relationships in a way that is competitive with other advertising platforms, our business could be harmed. We also may not be able to adapt to changes or trends in programmatic streaming TV advertising, which would harm our ability to grow our advertising revenue and harm our business. Furthermore, the programmatic advertising ecosystem is large, distributed, and complex, requiring us to integrate with several key third-party advertising partners. Our compliance with applicable laws and regulations therefore may depend in part on these partners’ commitment to handling user data with the care that we require or expect of them. Because integration of our respective systems is complex and rapidly evolving, we and our partners may be susceptible to breaches, failures, and other errors (whether inadvertent or intentional). We expect to encounter more of these challenges and issues as the number of partners we integrate with increases. 12 Table of Contents We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, which may harm our business. Our business model depends on our ability to generate Platform revenue from advertisers and content partners. We generate Platform revenue from the sale of digital advertising (including direct and programmatic video advertising, ads integrated into our UI, and related services) and streaming services distribution (including subscription and transaction revenue shares, the sale of Premium Subscriptions, the sale of owned and operated subscription services, and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls). As such, we are seeking to expand our user base and increase Streaming Hours in an effort to create additional Platform revenue opportunities. As our user base grows and as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, we must effectively monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity. The total number of Streaming Hours does not correlate with Platform revenue on a period-by-period basis, primarily because we do not monetize every hour streamed or every user on our platform. Moreover, Streaming Hours on our platform are measured whenever a Roku streaming device is streaming content, whether a viewer is actively watching or not. For example, if our streaming player is connected to a TV, and the viewer turns off the TV, steps away, or falls asleep without stopping or pausing the player, then a particular streaming app may continue to play content for a period of time determined by the streaming app. The Roku TV OS’s “Are you still watching?” feature, which prompts users to confirm they are still watching, does not resolve this lack of correlation. Our ability to deliver advertisements relevant to our users and to increase our streaming platform’s value to advertisers and content partners depends on the collection of user engagement data, and the degree to which our users consent to, opt out of, or limit the collection or use of data for advertisements, including as a result of product changes and controls that we have implemented or may implement in the future related to new applicable laws, regulations, industry standards, regulatory actions, or litigation that impact our ability to use data for advertising purposes. Content partners may also refuse to allow us to collect data regarding user engagement or refuse to implement mechanisms we request to ensure compliance with our legal obligations or technical requirements. For example, we are not able to fully utilize program level viewing data from many of our most popular apps to improve the relevancy of advertisements provided to our users. Certain apps available on our streaming platform are focused on increasing user engagement and time spent within their apps by allowing users to purchase additional content and streaming services within their apps. When users purchase these products and services in-app rather than from us, we may earn less revenue than when such products and services are purchased directly from us. Additionally, if our users spend most of their time within particular apps where we have limited or no ability to place advertisements or leverage user information, or our users opt out from our ability to collect data for use in providing more relevant advertisements, we may not be able to achieve our expected growth in Platform revenue, gross profit, or certain key performance metrics. Additionally, our distribution agreements with our most popular apps are renegotiated periodically, and changing commercial terms could affect our ability to monetize those apps. The monetization of our streaming platform may not continue to grow as we expect, and at times our Platform revenue growth has been, and may in the future be, lower than expected due to advertising inventory supply and demand imbalances; advertisers significantly curtailing or pausing advertising spending due to macroeconomic factors or other factors beyond our control; competitive pressures from video advertising offerings on other TV streaming platforms or services; the non-binding nature of advertisers’ spending commitments; fluctuations in streaming services subscription prices; or changes in consumer behaviors related to subscriptions for streaming services. To materially increase the monetization of our streaming platform through the sale of video advertising, we must generate significantly more advertising revenue on our streaming platform as well as deliver ad-supported content that results in our users streaming significantly more ad-supported content. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in monetizing our streaming platform through the distribution of ad-supported content. We are subject to various risks in connection with the operation and monetization of our owned and operated streaming services. We have three owned and operated streaming services: The Roku Channel, Howdy, and Frndly TV. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs and expenses in connection with the development, expansion, and operation of The Roku Channel, which we monetize primarily through advertising, and Howdy and Frndly TV, which we monetize primarily through subscription fees. From time to time, we may remove underperforming content from our owned and operated streaming services and record a charge related to such removal. In order to attract users to our owned and operated streaming services, we must secure rights to stream content that is appealing to our users and advertisers. In part, we do this by directly licensing certain content from content owners, such as television and movie studios. Our agreements with these content owners have varying terms and provide us with rights to make specific content available during certain periods of time. Upon expiration of these agreements, we must re-negotiate and renew these agreements with the existing content owners, or enter into new agreements with other content owners, to obtain rights to distribute additional titles or to extend the duration of the rights previously granted. If we cannot enter into content license agreements to access content that enables us to attract and retain users to our owned and operated streaming services, or if the content we do secure rights to stream is ultimately not appealing to our users and advertisers, usage of our owned and operated streaming services may decline, and our business may be harmed. Further, even if we successfully monetize our owned and operated streaming services in the United States, we 13 Table of Contents may not be successful in monetizing them in international markets. See also “ —We may be unable to successfully expand our international operations, and our international expansion plans, if implemented, will subject us to a variety of risks that may harm our business. ” In addition, we produce original content for distribution on The Roku Channel and other platforms, but we may not succeed in doing so in a cost-effective manner that furthers the growth of The Roku Channel and increases its appeal to our users and advertisers. We also assume risks associated with content production, such as completion and key talent risks, and the risk of litigation and claims related to our content production. Furthermore, if the advertisements on our ad-supported streaming services are not relevant to our users or are overly intrusive and impede our users’ enjoyment of the available content, our users may not stream content and view advertisements on our streaming services, and our streaming services may not generate sufficient revenue from advertising to be cost effective for us to operate. In addition, we distribute our streaming services on platforms other than our own streaming platform, and we may not be successful in attracting a large number of users or generating significant revenue from advertising or subscription fees on such other streaming platforms. The sale of Premium Subscriptions on The Roku Channel also generates Platform revenue and carries certain non-advertising related risks. See “ —If our users sign up for offerings and services outside of our streaming platform or through other apps on our streaming platform, our business may be harmed. ” We depend on a small number of content partners for nearly half of our Streaming Hours, and if we fail to maintain these relationships, our business could be harmed. Historically, a small number of content partners have accounted for a significant portion of the hours streamed on our platform. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the top three streaming services (excluding The Roku Channel) represented nearly half of all hours streamed in the period. If, for any reason, we cease distributing apps that have historically streamed a large percentage of the aggregate Streaming Hours on our platform, our Streaming Hours, user base, or Roku streaming device sales may be adversely affected, and our business may be harmed. If popular or new content publishers do not publish content on our streaming platform, we may fail to retain existing users and attract new users. We must continuously maintain existing relationships and identify and establish new relationships with content publishers to provide popular streaming apps, streaming app features, and content on our platform. In order to remain competitive, we must consistently meet user demand for popular streaming apps, streaming app features, streaming app bundles, and content, particularly as we launch new streaming devices, introduce new TVs powered by the Roku TV OS, or enter new markets, including international markets. This may be challenging as the industry continues to evolve, including through consolidation of content publishers, joint ventures among content publishers, and licensing of content between content publishers. If we are not successful in helping our content publishers launch, maintain, and expand their streaming apps and streaming app features that attract and retain a significant number of users on our streaming platform or if we are not able to do so in a cost-effective manner, our business will be harmed. Our success in assisting our content publishers maintain and expand their app offerings on a cost-effective basis largely depends on our ability to effectively promote and market streaming apps, minimize launch delays or downtime of streaming apps, and minimize streaming platform downtime and other technical difficulties. In addition, if service operators, including traditional TV providers, refuse to grant our users access to stream certain apps or only make content available on devices they prefer, our ability to offer a broad selection of popular streaming apps or content may be limited, which could adversely affect our business. The non-renewal or early termination of agreements with our content partners may result in the removal of certain apps or app features from our streaming platform and harm our streaming device sales, user base growth, engagement, and monetization. Our agreements with content partners generally have terms of one to three years and can be terminated before the end of the term by the content partner under certain circumstances, including if we materially breach the agreement, become insolvent, enter bankruptcy, or commit fraud. Upon expiration of these agreements, we are required to re-negotiate and renew them in order to continue providing content from these content partners on our streaming platform. We have in the past been unable, and in the future may not be able, to reach a satisfactory agreement with certain content partners before our existing agreements have expired. If we are unable to renew such agreements on a timely basis on mutually agreeable terms, or if a content partner terminates an agreement with us before its expiration, we may be required to temporarily or permanently remove certain apps or app features from our streaming platform. The loss of such apps or app features from our streaming platform for any period of time may harm our business. More broadly, if we fail to maintain our relationships with the content partners on terms favorable to us, or at all, or if these content partners face problems in delivering their content across our streaming platform, we may lose app partners or users, and our streaming device sales, user base growth, engagement, and platform monetization may be harmed. 14 Table of Contents If our content partners do not participate in new features that we may introduce from time to time or choose to develop their apps on alternative streaming platforms, our business may be harmed. As our streaming platform and products evolve, we will continue to introduce new features, which may or may not be attractive to our content partners or meet their business or technical requirements. For example, some content partners have elected not to participate in new Roku Home Screen Menu features (such as “What to Watch”) or in our Roku Zones (collections of related content across our streaming platform) or have imposed limits on our data gathering for usage within their apps. See also “ —We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, which may harm our business. ” In addition, our streaming platform utilizes our proprietary Brightscript scripting language to allow our content partners to develop and create apps on our streaming platform. Certain content partners may find other languages, such as HTML5, more attractive to develop for and shift their resources to developing their apps on other platforms. If key content partners do not find our streaming platform simple and attractive to develop apps for, do not value and participate in all of the features and functionality that our streaming platform offers, or determine that our software developer kit or new features of our platform do not meet their requirements, our business may be harmed. If our users sign up for offerings and services outside of our streaming platform or through other apps on our streaming platform, our business may be harmed. We earn revenue by acquiring subscribers for certain of our content partners activated on or through our streaming platform, including Premium Subscriptions on The Roku Channel, which allow our users to pay for content from various content partners. If users reduce their use of our streaming platform for these purchases or subscriptions for any reason, including opting to pay for services directly with content partners or by other means for which we do not receive attribution, our business may be harmed. In addition, certain apps available on our streaming platform allow users to purchase additional streaming services from within those apps. The revenue we earn from these transactions, if any, is not always equivalent to the revenue we earn from sales of such additional services on a stand-alone basis through our streaming platform. If users increase their spending on such in-app transactions at the expense of stand-alone purchases through our streaming platform, our business may be harmed. Our growth depends in part on our ability to develop, maintain, and expand relationships with our licensed Roku TV partners and manufacturing partners. We license the Roku TV OS and our smart TV reference designs to certain TV brand and manufacturing partners for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of licensed Roku TV models and, for a number of years, the sale of Roku TV models by our licensed Roku TV partners has materially contributed to growth in our user base and Streaming Hours and supported our platform monetization efforts. As our Roku TV licensing program has expanded to certain markets outside the United States, international users are representing an increasing share of our user base. We have developed, and intend to continue to develop and expand, relationships with these TV brand and manufacturing partners as we continue to invest in the growth and expansion of our Roku TV program both in the United States and international markets. We typically do not receive or expect license revenue from these license arrangements but incur operating expenses to establish and support them. The economic benefits that we derive from these license arrangements are and will likely continue to be indirect, primarily growth of our user base and increasing Streaming Hours, and enabling us to generate more streaming services distribution and advertising-related revenue on our platform. If these arrangements do not continue to result in increased user base and Streaming Hours, and if that growth does not in turn lead to successfully monetizing that increased user activity, our business may be harmed. See also “ —We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, which may harm our business. ” The loss of a relationship with a licensed Roku TV partner (including as a result of our sales of Roku-made TVs that are designed, made, and sold by us) could harm our results of operations, damage our reputation, increase pricing and promotional pressures from other partners and retail distribution channels, increase our marketing costs, and result in the loss of revenue. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships with any of these licensed Roku TV partners, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, or other impediments to these relationships, our ability to grow or maintain our business could be adversely impacted. Our Roku TV licensing arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and complete. Under these license arrangements, we generally have limited or no control over the amount and timing of resources our licensing partners may dedicate to the relationship. In the past, our licensed Roku TV partners have failed to meet their forecasts and anticipated market launch dates for distributing Roku TV models, and they may fail to do so in the future. If our licensed Roku TV partners fail to meet their forecasts or launch dates for distributing our streaming devices or choose to deploy competing streaming solutions within their product lines, our business may be harmed. We and our licensed Roku TV partners depend on retail sales channels to effectively market and sell our respective products, and if we or our partners fail to maintain and expand effective retail sales channels, we or our partners could experience lower product sales. To continue to grow our user base, we must maintain and expand retail sales channels for our products and for the Roku products sold by our partners or licensees. The majority of our products and our licensed Roku TV partners’ 15 Table of Contents products are sold through brick and mortar retailers and their online sales platforms, as well as online-only retailers. We also sell certain products directly through our website and internationally through distributors and retailers. As we are still a relatively recent entrant in certain international markets, we may not have established a strong reputation or relationships with retailers for those markets as compared to our retail sales channels in the United States or our competitors in international markets. See also “ —We may be unable to successfully expand our international operations, and our international expansion plans, if implemented, will subject us to a variety of risks that may harm our business .” Our retailers and distributors also sell products that compete with our products and our licensed Roku TV partners’ products, including house-branded televisions sold by such retailers that utilize TV operating systems other than the Roku TV OS. We have no minimum purchase commitments or long-term contracts with any of these retailers or distributors, and there can be no assurance that we will reach agreements with our retailers and distributors on terms we find acceptable or that will be consistent with our past practices. We are reliant on certain retailers or distributors. Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and Walmart in total accounted for 81% of our Devices revenue for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Furthermore, our licensed Roku TV partners may be reliant on the same or other retailers and distributors for a significant portion of their unit sales of Roku TV models. At times, certain retailers and distributors have reduced the number of our and our licensed Roku TV partners’ products available for sale, have chosen not to prominently display those products in their stores or on their websites, or have discontinued selling those products. Such actions have in the past decreased, and may in the future decrease, the volume of our or our licensed Roku TV partners’ products sold. These risks may be exacerbated by our reliance on certain retailers or distributors, or when a major retailer in a jurisdiction commercializes televisions under brands that the retailer controls. In addition, at times our existing licensed Roku TV partners have chosen to work exclusively with, or divert a significant portion of their business with us, to other operating system developers. This may adversely impact our ability to continue to license the Roku TV OS and our smart TV reference design to TV brands and to grow our user base and monetize the Roku TV OS. Traditional retailers have limited shelf and end cap space in their stores and limited promotional budgets, and online retailers have limited prime website product placement space. Competition is intense for these resources, and a competitor with more extensive product lines, stronger brand identity, and greater marketing resources, such as Amazon or Google, possesses greater bargaining power with retailers. In addition, our online retailers, which sell or may sell their own competitive streaming devices, smart TVs, and smart home devices, may market and promote their products more prominently on their websites, and could refuse to offer or promote our products on their websites. We also face increased competition with Walmart (which currently makes and sells Onn. branded streaming products, including co-branded Roku TV models), in light of Walmart’s acquisition of Vizio (which also makes and sells smart TVs with a proprietary operating system) and the integration of Vizio’s operating system into Walmart products instead of other third-party proprietary operating systems. See also “ —If our efforts to build and maintain a strong brand and customer satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain users, and our business may be harmed ” and “ —If we fail to differentiate our streaming platform and compete successfully with our competitors, it will be difficult for us to attract and retain users and our business will be adversely impacted. ” Any reduction in our ability to place and promote our products, or increased competition for available shelf or website placement, could require us to increase our marketing or other expenditures to maintain our product visibility or could result in reduced visibility for our products, which may harm our business. In particular, the availability of product placement during peak retail periods, such as the holiday season, has in the past prevented, and may in the future prevent, us from effectively selling our products during these periods. If our efforts to build and maintain a strong brand and customer satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain users, and our business may be harmed. Building and maintaining a strong brand is important to attract and retain users, as potential users have many TV streaming choices. Successfully building a brand is a time-consuming and comprehensive endeavor, and our brand may be negatively impacted by factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as the quality and reliability of the Roku TV models made by our licensed Roku TV partners and the quality of the content provided by our content partners. Our competitors may be able to achieve and maintain brand awareness and consumer demand for their products more quickly and effectively than we can. Many of our competitors are larger companies and may have greater resources to devote to the promotion of their brands through traditional advertising, digital advertising, or website product placement. See also “ —If we fail to differentiate our streaming platform and compete successfully with our competitors, it will be difficult for us to attract and retain users and our business will be adversely impacted.” If we are unable to execute on building a strong brand, it may be difficult to differentiate our business and streaming platform from our competitors in the marketplace, which may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain users and harm our business. Our streaming platform allows our users to choose from a wide variety of apps, representing a variety of content from a wide range of content partners. While we have policies that prohibit the publication of content that is unlawful, incites illegal activities, or violates third-party rights, among other things, we may distribute apps that include controversial content. Controversies related to the content included on certain apps that we distribute have resulted in, and could in the future result in, negative publicity, cause harm to our reputation and brand, or subject us to claims and may harm our business. 16 Table of Contents If we or our licensed Roku TV partners encounter problems with contract manufacturers or fail to accurately forecast inventory needs, our business may be harmed. We do not have any internal manufacturing capabilities and rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers to build our players, smart home products, and Roku-made TVs. Similarly, while some of our licensed Roku TV partners have internal manufacturing capabilities, others rely primarily or exclusively upon contract manufacturers to build the Roku TV models that our licensed Roku TV partners sell to retailers. If we or our Roku TV partners have difficulties with contract manufacturers, our business may be harmed. Contract manufacturers are vulnerable to, among other issues: capacity constraints; reduced component availability; production, supply chain, or shipping disruptions, delays, or increased costs, including from labor disputes, strikes, mechanical issues, quality control issues, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, and public health crises; and the impact of existing and evolving U.S. or foreign tariffs, trade policies and regulations, or sanctions restrictions on components, finished goods, software, other products, or data transfers. As a result, we and our Roku TV partners have limited control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and costs, particularly when components (such as memory chips) are in short supply or new products are introduced. We and our Roku TV partners also have limited control over contract manufacturers’ quality systems and controls, and must rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture products to requisite quality and performance standards and specifications. Delays, component shortages, quality issues, and other manufacturing and supply problems in the past have impaired, and could in the future impair, the retail distribution of our products (including Roku TV models) and ultimately our brand. Furthermore, any adverse change in contract manufacturers’ financial or business condition could disrupt the supply of products to retailers and distributors. We also rely on our contract manufacturers and other contractors to perform some of the development work on our products. The contract manufacturers or other contractors may be unwilling or unable to successfully complete desired development or fix defects or errors in a timely manner. Delays in development work by contract manufacturers or contractors could delay launch of new or improved products. Our contracts with our contract manufacturers generally may not contain terms that protect us against development, manufacturing, inventory, and supply disruptions or risks. For example, such contracts may not obligate our contract manufacturers to supply our products in any specific quantity or at any specific price. If our contract manufacturers are unable to fulfill our production requirements in a timely manner, if their costs increase because of supply issues (such as a memory chip shortage), inflationary pressures, U.S. or international tariffs, sanctions, export or import restrictions, or if they decide to terminate their relationship with us, we may not be able to meet the demand for our products, our order fulfillment may be delayed or terminated, and we would have to attempt to identify, select, and qualify acceptable alternative contract manufacturers. Some of our contracts may require us to reimburse our contract manufacturers for any excess materials and components they purchase in advance in an effort to meet our projected needs or that were not used as a result of our decision to discontinue a certain model or the use of particular components. If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements for our products and manage our inventory with our contract manufacturers, we could incur additional costs, experience manufacturing delays, and lose revenue. Alternative contract manufacturers may not be available when needed or may not be in a position to satisfy production requirements at commercially reasonable prices, to requisite quality and performance standards on a timely basis, or at all. Any significant interruption in contract manufacturing for any reason could require the reduction of the supply of products to retailers and distributors. Any of these circumstances could reduce our revenue, or cause us to incur higher costs than anticipated, which would negatively impact our Devices gross margin. In addition, contract manufacturers’ facilities, and the facilities of contract manufacturers’ suppliers, are located in various geographic areas that may be subject to political, economic, labor, trade, public health, social, and legal uncertainties, including Brazil, China, Mexico, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam, and such uncertainties may harm or disrupt our relationships with these parties or their ability to perform. For example, if the tensions between Taiwan and China escalate and impact the operations of contract manufacturers and their Taiwanese suppliers, our supply chain and our business could be adversely affected. We believe that the international location of these facilities increases supply risk, including the risk of supply interruptions, tariffs, and trade restrictions on exports or imports. Our products incorporate key components from sole source suppliers, and if our contract manufacturers are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of these components on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver our products to our retailers and distributors. We depend on sole source suppliers for key components in our products. For example, each of our streaming players and TVs powered by the Roku TV OS may utilize a specific system on chip (or SoC), Wi-Fi silicon product, and Wi-Fi front-end module, each of which may be available from only a single manufacturer and for which we do not have a second source. Although this approach allows us to maximize product performance on lower cost hardware, reduce engineering development and qualification costs, and develop stronger relationships with our strategic suppliers, this also creates supply chain and pricing risks. These sole-source suppliers could be constrained by fabrication capacity issues or material supply issues, such as U.S. or foreign tariffs, war or other government or trade relations issues, other export or import 17 Table of Contents restrictions, as well as any retaliatory actions, on parts or components for finished products that are used in final assembly of their components (or on the finished products themselves), or shortages of key components. In addition, a strategic supplier may stop producing such components, cease operations, be acquired by or enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors or other companies, put contract manufacturers on allocation because of component shortages, decide to allocate manufacturing resources to other products (such as memory chips), or become subject to U.S. or foreign sanctions or export control restrictions or penalties. Such suppliers have experienced, and may in the future experience, production, shipping, or logistical constraints arising from macroeconomic conditions or other circumstances, such as inflationary pressures, geopolitical conflicts, and supply chain disruptions. Such interruptions and delays have in the past and may in the future force us to seek similar components from alternative sources, which may not always be available, and which may cause us to delay product introductions and incur air freight expense. Switching from a sole-source supplier may require that we adapt our software and redesign our products to accommodate new chips and components, and may require us to re-qualify our products with regulatory bodies, such as the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), which would be costly and time-consuming. Any interruption in the supply of sole-source components for our products could adversely affect our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our retailers and distributors, result in lost sales and higher expenses, and harm our business. If our products do not operate effectively with various offerings, technologies, and systems from content partners and other third parties that we do not control, our business may be harmed. The Roku TV OS is designed to perform using relatively low-cost hardware, which enables us to drive user growth via Roku streaming devices offered at a low cost to users. However, this hardware must be interoperable with all apps and other offerings, technologies, and systems from our content partners, including virtual multi-channel video programming distributors, and other third parties. We have no control over these offerings, technologies, and systems beyond our app certification requirements, and if Roku streaming devices do not provide our users with a high-quality experience on those offerings on a cost-effective basis or if changes are made to those offerings that are not compatible with Roku streaming devices, we may be unable to increase user base growth and user engagement or may be required to increase our hardware costs, and our business will be harmed. We plan to continue to introduce new products regularly, including, for example, the new Roku streaming devices and product enhancements we announced in 2025, and we have experienced that it takes time to optimize such products to function well with these offerings, technologies and systems. In addition, many of our largest content partners have the right to test and certify our new products before we can publish their apps. The certification processes can be time-consuming and introduce third-party dependencies into our product release cycles. If our content partners do not certify new products on a timely basis or require us to make changes in order to obtain certifications, our product release plans may be adversely impacted, we may not be able to offer certain products to all licensed Roku TV partners or we may not continue to offer certain apps. To continue to grow our user base and user engagement, we will need to prioritize development of Roku streaming devices to work better with new offerings, technologies, and systems. If we are unable to maintain consistent operability of Roku streaming devices that is on parity with or better than other platforms, our business could be harmed. In addition, any future changes to offerings, technologies, and systems from our content partners may impact the accessibility, speed, functionality, and other performance aspects of Roku streaming devices. We may not successfully develop Roku streaming devices that operate effectively with these offerings, technologies, or systems. If it becomes more difficult for our users to access and use these offerings, technologies, or systems, our business could be harmed. Our products are complex and may contain hardware defects and software errors, which could manifest themselves in ways that could harm our reputation and our business. Our products and the products of our licensed Roku TV partners are complex and have in the past contained, and may in the future contain, hardware defects or software errors. These defects and errors can manifest themselves in any number of ways in our products or our streaming platform, including through diminished performance, security vulnerabilities, data loss or poor quality, device malfunctions, account inactivity, or even permanently disabled products. Some errors may only be discovered after a product has been shipped and used by users and may in some cases only be detected under certain circumstances or after extended use. We update our software on a regular basis, and, despite our quality assurance processes, we have in the past introduced, and may in the future introduce, software errors in the process of any such updates. The introduction of a serious software error could result in products becoming permanently disabled. We offer a limited warranty for our products, in accordance with applicable law, however, providing software updates, product support, and other activities could cause us to be responsible for issues with products for an extended period of time. Any defects discovered in our products after commercial release could result in loss of revenue or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customer goodwill and users, and increased service costs, any of which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. We could also face claims for product or information liability, tort or breach of warranty, or other violations of laws or regulations. In addition, our contracts with our end users contain provisions relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, which may not be upheld. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management’s attention and adversely affect the market’s perception of Roku and our products. In addition, if our insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be harmed. 18 Table of Contents Components used in our products may fail as a result of manufacturing, design, or other defects that were unknown to us or over which we have no control and may render our products permanently inoperable. We rely on third-party component suppliers to provide certain functionalities needed for the operation and use of our products. Any errors or defects in such third-party technology could result in errors or defects in our products that could harm our business. If these components have a manufacturing, design, or other defect, they could cause our products to fail and could render them permanently inoperable. For example, the typical means by which our users connect their home networks to our players is by way of a Wi-Fi access point in the home network router. If the Wi-Fi receiver or transmitter in a player fails and cannot detect a home network’s Wi-Fi access point, the player will not be able to display or deliver any content to the TV screen. As a result, we may have to recall and replace defective products, which could be at a considerable expense. In addition, if our insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be harmed. Should we have a widespread problem of this kind, our reputation in the market could also be adversely affected. If we are unable to obtain or maintain necessary or desirable licenses, certifications, or approvals related to our use or support of third-party technology, intellectual property, or services then our ability to develop and introduce new products and services, and continue to manufacture, update, and commercialize existing products and services, may be impaired. We use or enable in our products and services certain industry standard and other technology, intellectual property, and services that are obtained from third parties. In order to continue to make, distribute, update, and commercialize existing products and services and introduce and commercialize new products and services that use a third-party technology, we may be required to maintain certain licenses, certifications, and approvals from the relevant third parties. The licenses, certifications, and approvals we need to obtain may be or become unavailable to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain or maintain necessary third-party licenses, certifications, or approvals, we may have to obtain substitute technologies, intellectual property, or services with lower quality or performance standards, or at a greater cost, or remove desired functions and features from our products and services, any of which could harm customer and partner relationships, as well as the competitiveness of our products, services, and business. Our products and services are designed to be compatible with numerous industry standards. In many cases, these industry standards have numerous associated patents known generally as standard essential patents (“SEPs”). Traditionally, SEP patents have been licensed through large patent pools allowing licensees, such as Roku, to take a single license for the majority or even all of the patents relevant to a particular technology. Over time, this model has shifted to smaller pools and individual licensors, increasing the time, cost, and difficulty of SEP licensing. If we are unable to obtain a license to a necessary SEP on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or find a suitable substitute technology that complies with the industry standard, our customer and partner relationships, as well as the competitiveness of our products and services, and our business may be harmed. See also “ —We must continue to innovate and develop new and existing products and services to remain competitive, and new products and services expose our business to new risks. ” We must continue to innovate and develop new and existing products and services to remain competitive, and new products and services expose our business to new risks. We must continually innovate and improve our products and services and develop new products and services to meet changing consumer demands. The introduction of a new product or service is a complex process, involving significant expenditures in research and development, promotion, and sales channel development, and can expose our business to new risks. For example, in 2025, we acquired Frndly TV and launched Howdy, both of which are owned and operated subscription streaming services. The introduction of new products and services or changes to our existing products and services may require us to comply with new laws and regulations and result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, new litigation or claims, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. In addition, our entrance into entirely new lines of business beyond our historical core business of TV streaming and advertising, such as our smart home products, may change our risk profile and subject us to risks that differ from the risks we face as a result of our historical TV streaming business. Whether users will broadly adopt our new products or services is not certain. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new and competitively priced products and services and add new desirable content and features to our streaming platform. Moreover, we must introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, and we must secure production orders for new products from our contract manufacturers. See also “ —If popular or new content publishers do not publish content on our streaming platform, we may fail to retain existing users and attract new users. ” The successful development and introduction of new products and services depends on a number of factors, including: • the accuracy of our forecasts for market requirements beyond near-term visibility; • our ability to anticipate and react to new technologies and evolving consumer trends; • our development, licensing, or acquisition of new technologies; • our timely completion of new designs and development; 19 Table of Contents • our ability to timely and adequately redesign or resolve design or manufacturing or security issues; • our ability to identify and contract with appropriate manufacturers; • the ability of our contract manufacturers to cost-effectively manufacture our products, produce quality products, and minimize defects, manufacturing mishaps, shipping costs, and delays; • the availability of materials and key components used in manufacturing; • tariffs, trade, sanctions, and export restrictions by the U.S. or foreign governments; • our ability to comply with regulatory requirements; and • our ability to attract and retain high quality research and development personnel. If any of these or other factors materializes, we may not be able to develop and introduce new products or services in a timely or cost-effective manner, and our business may be harmed. We do not expect that all of our new products and services will be successful. We are incorporating AI technologies into some of our products and services, which may present operational, legal, and reputational risks. We have incorporated and intend to continue to incorporate AI technologies, such as machine learning and generative AI, into our operations, products, and services. For example, we use AI technologies to power our content recommendation engine and our content row on the Roku Home Screen to provide more personalized recommendations. We also use AI technologies to improve measurement and performance in Roku Ads Manager and drive internal operational productivity and efficiency. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could adversely impact our business. AI technologies may create errors, inaccuracies, unintended biases, and discriminatory outcomes, or may create content that appears correct but is inaccurate or flawed. If the recommendations, content, or analyses that AI applications produce are or are alleged to be deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, legal liability, regulatory action, or reputational harm. The legal and regulatory landscape surrounding AI technologies is rapidly evolving and uncertain, including in the areas of intellectual property, cybersecurity, and privacy and data protection. For example, there is uncertainty around the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights related to the use, development, and deployment of AI technologies in many jurisdictions. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant operational costs and may limit our ability to develop or deploy AI technologies in our products or services. See also “ —If government regulations or laws relating to the internet, video, advertising, or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or our business could be harmed. ” There can be no assurance that the measures we have taken to mitigate the potential risks related to AI technologies will be sufficient. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or brand and reputational harm. If we fail to provide adequate levels of quality customer support, we could lose users, advertisers, content partners, and licensed Roku TV partners, which could harm our business. A high level of support is critical for the success of our business, and our users depend on this support to resolve issues relating to our products and our streaming platform. We currently outsource the majority of our customer support operation to a third-party customer support organization which provides support to end users and licensees. If we do not effectively train, update, and manage our third-party customer support organization to assist our users and licensees, and if that support organization does not succeed in helping them quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing support, it could adversely affect our ability to monetize our streaming platform, to sell our products to users and could harm our reputation with potential new customers and our licensees. Risks Related to Operating and Growing Our Business We have incurred operating losses in the past, may incur operating losses in the future, and may not be able to maintain profitability. We have incurred operating losses in the past, and we may incur operating losses in the future. Although we achieved profitability in certain quarters, we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. As of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $1,488.6 million. Our operating expenses have increased in the past and may increase again in the future as we expand our operations and invest in growth and new areas. If our revenue and gross profit do not grow at a greater rate than our operating expenses, we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. We expect our profitability to fluctuate in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation the other risks and uncertainties described herein. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating or legal expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other factors that may result in losses in future periods. Our quarterly operating results may be volatile and are difficult to predict, and our stock price may decline if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. Our revenue, gross profit, key performance metrics, and other operating results could vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and may fail to match our past performance due to a variety of factors, including 20 Table of Contents many factors that are outside of our control. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our operating results and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate include: • the entrance of new competitors or competitive products or services; • our ability to retain and grow our user base, increase engagement among new and existing users, and monetize our streaming platform; • our ability to maintain effective pricing practices in response to competitive market conditions or other macroeconomic factors, such as increased or changing taxes, inflation, or tariffs, and our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; • our revenue mix, which drives gross profit; • supply of advertising inventory on our platform and advertiser demand for such inventory; • seasonal, cyclical, or other shifts in revenue from advertising or product sales; • the timing of the launch of new or updated products, apps, or features; • the addition or removal of content or apps from our streaming platform; • the expense and availability of content to license or produce for our owned and operated streaming services; • the ability of retailers to anticipate consumer demand; • an increase in the manufacturing or component costs of our products or partner-branded products; • delays in delivery of our products or partner-branded products, or disruptions in our or our partners’ supply or distribution chains; and • an increase in legal costs, including costs associated with protecting our intellectual property, defending against intellectual property infringement allegations, or procuring rights to intellectual property. See also “—The market price of our Class A common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and the value of our Class A common stock may decline.” Our gross margins vary across our devices and platform offerings. Our Devices segment experienced negative gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2025, and our platform segment experienced positive gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2025. Gross margins on our streaming devices vary across models and can change over time as a result of product transitions, pricing and configuration changes, component costs, device returns, and other cost fluctuations (including due to the impact of tariffs or other trade restrictions). In addition, our gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as overall profitability, may be adversely impacted as a result of a shift in device, geographic, or retail sales channel mix, component cost increases, price competition, or the introduction of new products, including those that have higher cost structures with flat or reduced pricing. We have in the past and may in the future strategically reduce our Devices gross margin or record negative gross margin on devices in an effort to grow our user base and gross profit. As a result, our Devices segment revenue may not increase as rapidly as it has in the past, or at all, and, unless we are able to continue to increase our platform segment revenue and grow our user base, we may be unable to grow gross profit and our business will be harmed. For example, from time to time, global supply chain disruptions have resulted in shipping delays, increased shipping costs, component shortages, and increases in component prices, which negatively affected our Devices gross margin. If a reduction in Devices gross margin does not result in an increase in our user base or an increase in our Platform revenue and gross profit, our financial results may suffer, and our business may be harmed. In addition, our platform segment has experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, lower gross margins than we anticipate. If our platform gross margins are lower than we anticipate, our financial results may suffer, and our business may be harmed. If we have difficulty managing our growth in operating expenses, our business could be harmed. From time to time, we have experienced significant growth in our research and development, sales and marketing, support services, operations, and general and administrative functions, and we may expand certain of these activities in the future. Our historical growth has placed, and any future growth will continue to place, significant demands on our management, as well as our financial and operational resources, to: • manage a larger organization; • hire more employees, including engineers with relevant skills and experience; • expand internationally; • increase our sales and marketing efforts; • expand the capacity to manufacture and distribute our products; • broaden our customer support capabilities; • expand our product offerings; • support our licensed Roku TV partners; • expand and improve the content offering on our streaming platform; 21 Table of Contents • implement appropriate operational and financial systems; and • maintain effective financial disclosure controls and procedures. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, including if we grow our business too rapidly, we may not be able to execute our business strategies, which could harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We have previously undertaken restructuring plans to adjust our investment priorities and manage our operating expenses, and we may do so again in the future. We have incurred, and may in the future incur, material costs and charges in connection with restructuring plans and initiatives, and there can be no assurance that any restructuring plans and initiatives will be successful. Any restructuring plans may adversely affect our internal programs and our ability to recruit and retain skilled and motivated personnel, may result in a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, or inefficiency during transitional periods, may require a significant amount of employees’ time and focus, and may be distracting to employees, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. For more information, see Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of any restructuring plans or are unable to manage our growth and expansion plans effectively, which may be impacted by factors outside of our control, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may be unable to successfully expand our international operations, and our international expansion plans, if implemented, will subject us to a variety of risks that may harm our business. We currently generate the vast majority of our revenue in the United States and have limited experience marketing, selling, licensing, and supporting our products and running or monetizing our streaming platform outside the United States. In addition, we have limited experience managing the administrative aspects of a global organization. While we intend to continue to explore opportunities to expand our business in international markets in which we see compelling opportunities, we may not be able to create or maintain international market demand for our products and streaming platform services. Moreover, we face intense competition in international markets, especially because some of our competitors have already successfully introduced their products into new markets we are entering and have greater resources and experience managing a global organization. In the course of expanding our international operations, we are subject to a variety of risks that could adversely affect our business, including: • differing and evolving legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, including laws and regulations pertaining to data privacy and security, consumer protection, tax, telecommunications, trade (including tariffs, quotas, and sanctions), labor, environmental protection, censorship and other content restrictions, AI technologies, intellectual property, and local content and advertising requirements, among others; • exposure to increased corruption risk and compliance with laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption laws, U.S. or foreign export controls and sanctions, and local laws requiring the maintenance of accurate books and records and a system of sufficient internal controls; • slower consumer adoption and acceptance of streaming devices and services in other countries; • different or unique competitive pressures, including as a result of competition with other devices that consumers may use to stream TV or existing local traditional TV services and products, including those provided by incumbent TV service providers and local consumer electronics companies; • greater difficulty supporting and localizing Roku streaming devices and our streaming platform, including delivering support and training documentation in languages other than English; • our ability to deliver or provide access to popular streaming apps or content to users in certain international markets; • availability of reliable broadband connectivity in areas targeted for expansion; • challenges and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; • differing legal and court systems, including limited or unfavorable intellectual property protection; • unstable political and economic conditions, social unrest, or economic instability, including due to pandemics, natural disasters, wars, terrorist activity, foreign invasions, tariffs, trade disputes, local or global recessions, diplomatic or economic tensions (such as the tension between China and Taiwan and the conflicts in the Middle East), long-term environmental risks, or climate change; • adverse tax consequences, such as those related to changes in tax laws (including increased tax rates, the imposition of digital services taxes, and the adoption of global corporate minimum taxes and anti-base-erosion rules), changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws, and the heightened scrutiny by tax administrators of companies that have cross-border business activities; • the imposition of customs duties on cross-border data flows for streaming services, such as in the event that the World Trade Organization (“WTO”) fails to extend the current moratorium on such duties or the moratorium is applied only among WTO member states that support a new e-commerce agreement; • inflationary pressures, which may increase costs for materials, supplies, and services; 22 Table of Contents • fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could impact the revenue and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk (see the section titled “Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk” in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report); • restrictions on the repatriation of earnings from certain jurisdictions; and • working capital constraints. In addition, we may face challenges in successfully deploying our three-phased business model—scale, engagement, and monetization—in international markets. Even if we successfully grow our user base in international markets, we may be unable to effectively grow our Streaming Hours or monetize user activity in those markets. If we invest substantial time and resources into international expansion and fail to achieve a timely return on that investment, our business and financial condition may be harmed. Our revenue and gross profit are subject to seasonality and other potential fluctuations, and if our sales during the affected periods fall below our expectations, our business may be harmed. Seasonality and certain one-time events significantly affect our business. For example, our revenue and gross profit are traditionally strongest in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year due to higher consumer purchases and increased advertising during holiday seasons. Furthermore, in preparation for the fourth quarter holiday season, we recognize significant discounts in the average selling prices of our products through retailers in an effort to grow our user base, which typically reduce our Devices gross margin in the fourth quarter. Additionally, certain other events have in the past, and may in the future, impact the amount of advertising spending on our platform. Given the seasonal and often irregular nature of advertising and our product sales, as well as other potential fluctuations, accurate forecasting is critical to our operations. We anticipate that such impact on revenue and gross profit is likely to continue, and any shortfall in expected fourth quarter revenue due to a decline in the effectiveness of our promotional activities, actions by our competitors, reductions in consumer discretionary spending, curtailed advertising spending, disruptions in our supply or distribution chains, tariffs or other restrictions on trade, increased shipping costs, shipping or air freight delays, or for any other reason, would cause our full year results of operations to suffer significantly. For example, delays or disruptions at U.S. ports of entry have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our or our licensed Roku TV partners’ ability to timely deliver products to retailers during holiday seasons. A substantial portion of our expenses are personnel-related (including salaries, stock-based compensation, and benefits) and facilities-related, none of which are seasonal in nature. Accordingly, in the event of a revenue shortfall, we would be unable to mitigate the negative impact on gross profit and operating margins, at least in the short term, and our business would be harmed. If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, effectively manage succession, or hire, develop, and motivate our employees, we may not be able to execute our business strategy or continue to grow our business. Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel on our senior management team and in our engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, and other organizations. In particular, our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Wood, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our products and streaming platform, our culture, and our strategic direction. We do not have long-term employment or non-competition agreements with any of our key personnel. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or the inability to promptly identify a suitable successor to a key role could have an adverse effect on our business. Our ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts and talents of our employees. Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry’s highly competitive market for skilled workers and leaders, cost inflation, workforce participation rates, immigration policies, and unstable political conditions. Our employees, particularly engineers and other product developers, are in demand, and we devote significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating, and retaining these employees. To attract top talent, we generally offer competitive compensation packages before we can validate the productivity of those employees. In addition, some companies offer a remote or hybrid work environment, which may increase the competition for employees from employers outside of our traditional office locations. To retain employees, we have in the past and may in the future need to increase our employee compensation levels or other benefits in response to competition and other business and macroeconomic factors. The loss of employees or the inability to hire additional skilled employees necessary to support our growth could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause disruptions. We believe a critical component to our success and our ability to retain our best people is our culture. As we continue to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture. In addition, past or any additional workforce reductions could harm employee morale and negatively impact employee recruiting and retention. 23 Table of Contents We need to maintain operational and financial systems that can support our expected growth, increasingly complex business arrangements, and rules governing revenue and expense recognition, and any inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our financial reporting, billing, and payment services. We have a complex business that is growing in size and complexity both in the United States and in international jurisdictions. To manage our growth and our increasingly complex business operations, especially as we move into new markets internationally or acquire new businesses, we will need to maintain and may need to upgrade our operational and financial systems and procedures, which requires management time and may result in significant additional expense. Our business arrangements with our content partners, advertisers, licensed Roku TV partners, and other licensees, and the rules that govern revenue and expense recognition in our business, are increasingly complex. To manage the expected growth of our operations and increasing complexity, we must maintain operational and financial systems, procedures, and controls and continue to increase systems automation to reduce reliance on manual operations. An inability to do so will negatively affect our financial reporting, billing, and payment services. Our current and planned systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support our complex arrangements and the rules governing revenue and expense recognition for our future operations and expected growth. Delays or problems associated with any improvement or expansion of our operational and financial systems and controls could adversely affect our relationships with our users, content partners, advertisers, advertisement agencies, licensed Roku TV partners, or other licensees; cause harm to our reputation and brand; and result in errors in our financial and other reporting. We may pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions involving a number of risks, which could harm our business if not successfully addressed. We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, businesses, products, technologies, or other assets to expand our offerings and capabilities, user base, and business. For example, in May 2025, we acquired Frndly TV, a subscription streaming service that offers live TV, on-demand video and cloud-based DVR, to support our focus on growing Platform revenue and Roku-billed subscriptions. We have evaluated, and expect to continue to evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions; however, these acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not ultimately be successful. Certain acquisitions and other strategic transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations, and any anticipated benefits from an acquisition or other strategic transaction may never materialize. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions may require the expenditure of cash, dilutive issuances of equity securities, or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results, and result in unfavorable accounting treatment. In addition, acquisitions have in the past, and may in the future, expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not generate sufficient financial returns to offset related costs and expenses. In addition, the process of integrating acquired businesses, products, or technologies has created, and may in the future create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, in particular when the acquired businesses, products, or technologies involve areas of operation in which we have limited or no prior experience. Acquisitions of businesses, products, or technologies in international markets would involve additional risks, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks, and the particular economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. We may not be able to address these risks successfully, or at all, without incurring significant costs, delays, or other operational problems, and if we were unable to address such risks successfully, our business could be harmed. Our credit facility provides our lenders with a first-priority lien against substantially all of our assets and contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions that may limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. On September 16, 2024, we entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”), by and among us, as borrower, certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto, and Citibank N.A., as administrative agent (the “Agent”), providing for (i) a five-year revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $300.0 million, and (ii) an uncommitted increase option of up to an additional $300.0 million exercisable upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The Credit Agreement provides for a $100.0 million sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit, and certain existing letters of credit were deemed outstanding under this facility. The Credit Agreement will mature on September 16, 2029. Proceeds from the Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including to finance working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2025, we had not borrowed against the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total net leverage ratio, as well as customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement becoming due and payable and remaining commitments terminated before the initial termination date on September 16, 2029. The Credit Agreement also contains a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, impose restrictions, subject to certain exceptions, on indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, asset dispositions, restricted payments, dividends and distributions, prepayment of other indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, restrictive agreements, amendments of material documents, and the abandonment of intellectual property. The obligations under the Credit Agreement, along 24 Table of Contents with certain swap and banking services obligations, are secured by substantially all the assets of us and our subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement, except for certain customary excluded assets. As of December 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement. However, if we fail to comply with the covenants, fail to make payments as specified in the Credit Agreement, or undergo any other event of default contained in the Credit Agreement, the Agent could declare an event of default, which would give it the right to terminate the commitments to provide additional loans and declare any borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, the Agent would have the right to proceed against the assets we provided as collateral pursuant to the Credit Agreement. If any future outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement is accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash or be able to sell sufficient assets to repay it, which would harm our business and financial condition. We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and support planned business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms or at all. We intend to continue to make significant investments to support planned business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new products and enhance our streaming platform, continue to expand the content on our platform, maintain adequate levels of inventory to support our retail partners’ demand requirements, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses, personnel, and technologies. Our primary uses of cash include operating costs such as personnel-related expenses and capital spending. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors including our growth rate and the continuing market acceptance of our products and streaming platform, along with the timing and effort related to the introduction of new platform features, products, the hiring of experienced personnel, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, as well as overall economic conditions. We may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our then existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing we secure could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. If we were to violate such restrictive covenants, we could incur penalties, increased expenses, and an acceleration of the payment terms of our outstanding debt, which could in turn harm our business. Our Credit Agreement matures on September 16, 2029. While we may enter into a new credit agreement in the future, we currently have no other committed source of financing, and we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us. Any future credit agreements we may enter into could require a lien on our assets or contain financial covenants and other restrictions that may limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed. Our liquidity and financial performance could be adversely affected by uninsured cash deposits. We maintain domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insured banks that exceed the FDIC insurance limits. We also maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not insured or are only partially insured by the FDIC or similar agencies. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. For example, in 2023, Silicon Valley Bank failed and was taken into receivership by the FDIC. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions, or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. Macroeconomic uncertainties can adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Macroeconomic uncertainties, such as volatility in financial markets, higher inflation and interest rates, potential economic slowdown or recession, geopolitical developments, changes in economic or government policies (including the unknown impact of tariffs), and global supply chain constraints (including scarcity or increased prices of components or increased shipping costs) have in the past adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Tariffs and other trade barriers or restrictions could increase our costs, as well as the costs of our contract manufacturers and our licensed Roku TV partners, and decrease our Devices gross margins. See also “ — Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, geopolitical conditions, general economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results. ” Our business is dependent on consumer discretionary spending and advertising spending, both of which are susceptible to changes in macroeconomic conditions and uncertainties. Sustained inflation, an economic downturn, the impact of tariffs, or even the public perception that changes to the cost of buying 25 Table of Contents goods are imminent or could occur in the future, have in the past resulted, and may in the future result in fewer consumer purchases of our products or the products of our licensed Roku TV partners and reduced advertising spending. At times, advertising budgets in a variety of industries have been pressured by factors such as inflation, rising interest rates, and market uncertainty, which has led to reduced advertiser spending and adversely affected our Platform revenue. Any pullback in consumer discretionary spending or advertising spending could adversely affect our future operating results. The extent to which macroeconomic uncertainties may impact our operational and financial performance is largely uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control. These direct and indirect impacts may negatively affect our business and operating results. Natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, or other natural or man-made catastrophic events could disrupt and impact our business. Occurrence of any catastrophic event, including an earthquake, flood, tsunami, or other weather event, power loss, internet failure, software or hardware malfunctions, cybersecurity attack, war or foreign invasion (such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflicts in the Middle East), terrorist attack and other geopolitical conflicts (such as Yemen’s Houthi attacks in the Red Sea, or potential retaliatory actions from foreign governments in response to the current U.S. Administration’s actions), medical epidemic or pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), government shutdown orders, other man-made disasters, or other catastrophic events could disrupt our, our business partners’ and customers’ business operations or result in disruptions in the broader global economic environment. Any of these business disruptions could require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to fully resume operations. In particular, our principal offices are located in California, and our contract manufacturers and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, both of which are regions known for seismic activity, making our operations in these areas vulnerable to natural disasters or other business disruptions in these areas. Our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other significant natural disaster. For example, a recent earthquake damaged equipment in our Taiwan office, and the losses, while relatively minor, were not covered by our insurance. In addition, our offices and facilities, and those of our contract manufacturers, suppliers, and licensed Roku TV partners, could be vulnerable to the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity) that could disrupt our business operations. For example, in California, increasing intensity of drought and annual periods of wildfire danger increase the probability of planned power outages. Further, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole. If our streaming platform were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event, our ability to deliver streaming content, including advertising, to our users would be impaired. Disruptions in the operations of our contract manufacturers, suppliers, or licensed Roku TV partners as a result of a disaster or other catastrophic event could delay the manufacture and shipment of our products or the products of our licensed Roku TV partners, which could impact our business. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a natural disaster or other catastrophic event and to execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or catastrophic event, our business would be harmed. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Reliability, and Data Privacy Data security incidents, including cybersecurity attacks, or other significant disruptions of our information technology systems could harm our reputation, cause us to modify our business practices, and otherwise adversely affect our business and subject us to liability. We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process, and transmit large amounts of sensitive corporate, personal, and other information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, user payment information, user video and audio recordings, other user information, employee information, and other confidential information. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such information. Our obligations under applicable laws, regulations, contracts, industry standards, self-certifications, and other documentation may include maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal information in our possession or control, maintaining reasonable and appropriate security safeguards as part of an information security program, and complying with requirements regarding the use or cross-border transfer of such personal information. These obligations create potential legal liability to regulators, our business partners, our users, and other stakeholders and impact the attractiveness of our services to existing and potential users. Data protection laws around the world often require “reasonable,” “appropriate,” or “adequate” technical and organizational security measures, and the interpretation and application of those laws are often uncertain and evolving, and there can be no assurance that our security measures will be deemed adequate, appropriate, or reasonable by a regulator or court. Moreover, even security measures that are deemed appropriate, reasonable, or in accordance with applicable legal requirements may not be able to protect the information we maintain. In addition, each U.S. state and most U.S. territories, each EU member state, and the United Kingdom, as well as many other foreign nations, have passed laws requiring notification to regulatory authorities, affected users, or others 26 Table of Contents within a specific timeframe when there has been a security breach involving, or other unauthorized access to or acquisition or disclosure of, certain personal information and impose additional obligations on companies. In addition to potential fines, we could be subject to mandatory corrective action due to a data security incident, and any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and availability of our network infrastructure to the satisfaction of our users, business partners, regulators, or other relevant stakeholders may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing users and attract new users, as well as adversely affect our business operations and result in substantial costs. These obligations create potential legal liability to regulators, our business partners, our users, and other stakeholders and impact the attractiveness of our services to existing and potential users. We have outsourced or may outsource certain elements of our operations (including elements of our information technology infrastructure) to third parties, or may have incorporated technology into our platform, that collects, processes, transmits, and stores our users’ or others’ personal information (such as payment card information and user video and audio recordings), and as a result, we manage a number of third-party

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. All of our products are manufactured in China, Southeast Asia, Brazil, and Mexico. Our contracts do not obligate our partners to supply products to us in any specific quantity or at any specific price. Our manufacturers procure components and assemble our products to demand forecasts we establish based upon historical trends and analysis from our sales, operations, and product management functions. The manufacturers ship our products to our third-party warehouses, from where we ship our products directly to retailers, wholesale distributors, and consumers. Government Regulation Our business and our products and platform are subject to numerous U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. These laws and regulations include general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to providers of streaming services and internet-connected devices. For example, in both the United States and abroad, the regulatory framework for privacy and data security issues is rapidly evolving. U.S. federal and state consumer protection regulators generally exercise oversight of consumer protections, often bringing enforcement actions for unfair acts or deceptive practices related to privacy and security or other consumer protection matters. An increasing number of states have passed, or are considering, legislation to govern consumer privacy or consumer protection online. Likewise, foreign jurisdictions in which we operate impose different, and sometimes more stringent, consumer and privacy protections, compared to the United States. Consumer privacy and consumer protection laws, and regulators’ interpretations of these laws, may become more diverse and restrictive over time, increasing the challenges and costs associated with complying with these laws in all jurisdictions. Governments in both the United States and other jurisdictions also have adopted, or are considering adoption, of laws and regulations intended to protect minors’ privacy and otherwise protect minors from perceived harms online. Privacy and other laws also may limit the ability of advertisers to fully utilize our platform, which could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, the internet is a vital component of our business and is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in jurisdictions throughout the world. We historically have relied on the openness and accessibility of the internet to conduct our business, and government regulations that impede the preservation of the open internet could harm our business. Regulators in the United States and abroad regularly evaluate policy changes that could affect the openness of the internet. Our business also is subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as U.S. and foreign governmental regulation in the countries in which we operate and the countries in which our contract manufacturers, component suppliers, and other business partners are located. For example, the threat, implementation, or modification of new import restrictions in the United States, as well as any retaliatory measures adopted by affected U.S. trade partners, could prove disruptive to the business environment in which we operate. Finally, our content business is subject to a wide range of government regulations that may vary by jurisdiction. Some nations highly regulate media, including TV streaming. Others have (or may consider) regulations that mandate certain local content quotas or production requirements, for cultural preservation or other reasons. Because our business depends on the creation and production of content, and on the availability of third-party content, delivered over the internet, increased regulation of TV streaming or changes in laws or regulations governing internet transmission of content could adversely affect our business and the attractiveness of our platform. Additionally, these kinds of regulations may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive. New laws and regulations, individually or in the aggregate, could increase our cost of doing business, impact our competitive position, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are substantial and are likely to increase in the future. Compliance with existing or future laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to internet and online services, data privacy and security, minors’ safety, consumer protection, global trade, environmental protection, employee health and safety, and taxes, could have an adverse impact on our business in subsequent periods. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we may be subject to significant liabilities and other penalties as well as harm to our reputation. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business and associated risks, see

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners to license and deploy our technology; • our ability to produce or acquire rights to distribute popular content on our streaming platform on favorable terms, or at all, including the renewals of our existing agreements with content partners; • changes in TV viewing habits and the growth of TV streaming; • the growth of our relevant markets, including the growth in advertising spend on TV streaming platforms, and our ability to successfully grow our business in those markets; • our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and technological developments; • our ability to develop and launch new products and provide ancillary services and support; • our ability to integrate and realize the anticipated benefits of acquired businesses, products, and technologies; • our ability to expand our products and services into adjacent markets and profitably scale our operations; • our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; • our ability to successfully manage domestic and international expansion; • our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; • our ability to address potential and actual cybersecurity incidents and system failures involving our products, systems, and operations; • our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property; • our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all; • our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock; • our ability to manage the selling prices of our products to increase Streaming Households, and, in turn, increase Platform revenue and Platform gross profit; and • our ability to comply with laws and regulations that currently apply or may become applicable to our business both in the United States and internationally, such as privacy and data protection regulations, among others. Other sections of this Annual Report may include additional factors that could harm our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components and assemble our products to demand forecasts we establish based upon historical trends and analysis from our sales, operations, and product management functions. The manufacturers ship our products to our third-party warehouses, from where we ship our products directly to retailers, wholesale distributors, and consumers. Government Regulation Our business and our products and platform are subject to numerous U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. These laws and regulations include general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to providers of streaming services and internet-connected devices. For example, in both the United States and abroad, the regulatory framework for privacy and data security issues is rapidly evolving. U.S. federal and state consumer protection regulators generally exercise oversight of consumer protections, often bringing enforcement actions for unfair acts or deceptive practices related to privacy and security or other consumer protection matters. An increasing number of states have passed, or are considering, legislation to govern consumer privacy or consumer protection online. Likewise, foreign jurisdictions in which we operate impose different, and sometimes more stringent, consumer and privacy protections, compared to the United States. Consumer privacy and consumer protection laws, and regulators’ interpretations of these laws, may become more diverse and restrictive over time, increasing the challenges and costs associated with complying with these laws in all jurisdictions. Governments in both the United States and other jurisdictions also have adopted, or are considering adoption, of laws and regulations intended to protect minors’ privacy and otherwise protect minors from perceived harms online. Privacy and other laws also may limit the ability of advertisers to fully utilize our platform, which could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, the internet is a vital component of our business and is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in jurisdictions throughout the world. We historically have relied on the openness and accessibility of the internet to conduct our business, and government regulations that impede the preservation of the open internet could harm our business. Regulators in the United States and abroad regularly evaluate policy changes that could affect the openness of the internet. Our business also is subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as U.S. and foreign governmental regulation in the countries in which we operate and the countries in which our contract manufacturers, component suppliers, and other business partners are located. For example, the threat, implementation, or modification of new import restrictions in the United States, as well as any retaliatory measures adopted by affected U.S. trade partners, could prove disruptive to the business environment in which we operate. Finally, our content business is subject to a wide range of government regulations that may vary by jurisdiction. Some nations highly regulate media, including TV streaming. Others have (or may consider) regulations that mandate certain local content quotas or production requirements, for cultural preservation or other reasons. Because our business depends on the creation and production of content, and on the availability of third-party content, delivered over the internet, increased regulation of TV streaming or changes in laws or regulations governing internet transmission of content could adversely affect our business and the attractiveness of our platform. Additionally, these kinds of regulations may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive. New laws and regulations, individually or in the aggregate, could increase our cost of doing business, impact our competitive position, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are substantial and are likely to increase in the future. Compliance with existing or future laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to internet and online services, data privacy and security, minors’ safety, consumer protection, global trade, environmental protection, employee health and safety, and taxes, could have an adverse impact on our business in subsequent periods. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we may be subject to significant liabilities and other penalties as well as harm to our reputation. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business and associated risks, see

