TICKER: ROLR
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we might need to find an alternate provider. Given the unique design of each casino game, exact replacement would not be possible, and we may not be able to secure similar terms or product features or extent of product range or replace such providers in an acceptable time frame. Any of these risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Further, any negative publicity related to any of our third-party casino game supplier partners, including any publicity related to regulatory concerns, could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. We may have difficulty accessing the services of banks, credit card issuers and payment processing services providers due to the nature of our business, which may make it difficult for players to effect transactions with financial institutions when making deposits or withdrawals from our platform. Although financial institutions and payment processors are permitted to provide services to us and others in our industry, banks, credit card issuers and payment processing service providers may be hesitant to offer banking and payment processing services to real money gaming. Consequently, businesses involved in our industry, including our own, may encounter difficulties in establishing and maintaining banking and payment processing relationships with a full scope of services and generating market rate interest. Similarly, our customers’ banks and/or credit card providers might decline to allow our customers to effect transactions with online gaming or might block such attempted transactions. If we are unable to maintain our bank accounts or our customers are unable to use their credit cards, bank accounts or e-wallets to make deposits and withdrawals from our platforms, it would be difficult for us to operate our business and increase our operating costs, and would pose additional operational, logistical and security challenges which could result in an inability to implement our business plan and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 8 Table of Contents Our growth prospects may suffer if we are unable to develop successful game offerings or if we fail to pursue new and exciting additional game offerings. In addition, if we fail to make the right investment decisions in our offerings and technology platform, we may not attract and retain players and our revenue and results of operations may decline. Ellmount Entertainment Ltd, was founded over a decade ago, under the laws of Malta, and was primarily focused on iGaming product offerings. We have repurposed Ellmount Entertainment into a marketing company during the first quarter 2022, and since then have transitioned existing customers to our HighRoller.com domain. We are focused on expanding the user base and we anticipate expanding further as new product offerings mature and as we pursue our growth strategies. The iGaming industry is characterized by continuous technological change, evolving regulatory and industry standards, frequent new product offerings and changes in customer expectations. To keep pace with the technological developments, achieve product acceptance and remain relevant to users, we will need to continue introducing new products and services as well as enhanced functionality on our existing suite of products and services. We must continually adapt to changing business environments and competing technologies and products. To the extent we are not able to adapt to new technologies and/or standards, experience delays in implementing such technologies or fail to accurately predict emerging technological trends, we may lose customers. Costs as a result of operating as a public company are significant, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that private companies do not incur, and we expect these costs to further increase after we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE American, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. Recruitment and retention of our employees, including certain key employees, are vital to growing our business and meeting our business plans. The loss of any of our key executives or other key employees could harm our business. We depend on a limited number of key personnel to manage and operate our business. The leadership of our current executive officers has been a critical element of our success and the departure, death or disability of any one of our executive officers or other extended or permanent loss of any of their services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to any of them or their loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to attract or retain such highly qualified, and experienced personnel in the future. In addition, the loss of employees or the inability to hire necessary skilled employees could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to taxation in a number of jurisdictions and changes in, or new interpretation of, tax laws, tax rulings or their application by tax authorities could result in additional tax liabilities and could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our tax obligations are varied and include United States federal, state and international taxes due to the nature of our business. The tax laws that are applicable to our business are subject to interpretation, and significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the course of our business, there will be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. For example, compliance with the 2017 United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) may require the collection of information not regularly produced within our Company, the use of estimates in our consolidated financial statements, and the exercise of significant judgment in accounting for its provisions. As regulations and guidance evolve with respect to the TCJA, and as we gather more information and perform more analysis, our results may differ from previous estimates and may materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 9 Table of Contents The gaming industry represents a significant source of tax revenue to the jurisdictions in which we operate. Gaming companies and B2B providers in the gaming industry (directly and/or indirectly by way of their commercial relationships with operators) are currently subject to significant taxes and fees in addition to normal corporate income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. From time to time, various legislators and other government officials have proposed and adopted changes in tax laws, or in the administration or interpretation of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. In addition, any worsening of economic conditions and the large number of jurisdictions with significant current or projected budget deficits, many of which have been made worse due to COVID-19, could intensify the efforts of governments to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes and/or other taxes. It is not possible to determine with certainty the likelihood of changes in tax laws or in the administration or interpretation or enforcement of such laws. Any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, tax authorities may impose indirect taxes on Internet-related commercial activity based on existing statutes and regulations which, in some cases, were established prior to the advent of the Internet. Tax authorities may interpret laws originally enacted for mature industries and apply it to newer industries, such as ours. The application of such laws may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our in-jurisdiction activities may vary from period to period which could result in differences in nexus from period to period. We are subject to periodic review and audit by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken or that we will take, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Although we believe that our tax provisions, positions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken. In addition, economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes favorably more difficult. We have business operations located outside of the United States, which subjects us to additional costs and risks that could adversely affect our operating results. Our operations are located in multiple jurisdictions and we may in the future pursue to expand into other additional markets. Compliance with international and local laws and regulations that apply to our operations increases our cost of doing business. As a result of our operations, we are subject to a variety of risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including those related to:  challenges caused by distance as well as language and cultural differences;  general economic downturns;  regulatory changes;  political unrest, terrorism and the potential for other hostilities;  public health risks, particularly in areas in which we have significant operations;  overlapping or changes in tax regimes;  difficulties in transferring funds from certain countries and managing foreign exchange rate fluctuations and risks;  laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws which also prohibit corrupt payments to governmental officials;  local laws which prohibit money-laundering and financing of terrorist and other unlawful financial activities; and  reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. If we are unable to expand or adequately staff and manage our existing development operations, we may not realize, in whole or in part, the anticipated benefits from these initiatives (including lower development expenses), which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our business includes significant international operations, and we are likely to be exposed to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. As a result, changes in the valuation of any major currency with which we conduct business in relation to other currencies could have positive or negative effects on our profitability and financial position. Our global operations are likely to expose us to foreign currency transactions and translation risks. Currency transaction risk occurs in conjunction with purchases and sales of products and services that are made in currencies other than the local currency of the subsidiary involved, for example if the parent company pays, or transfers euro to a subsidiary in order to fund its expenses in local currencies. Currency translation risks occurs when the income statement and balance sheet of a foreign subsidiary is converted into currencies other than the local currency of the company involved, for example when the results of these subsidiaries are consolidated in the results of a parent company with a different reporting currency. 10 Table of Contents Due to our international operations, a significant portion of our business is denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency and exchange rates may have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. Foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. Significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our international revenue, which in turn affects our consolidated revenue. Currencies may be affected by internal factors, general economic conditions and external developments in other countries, all of which can have an adverse impact on a country’s currency. Currently, we are not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. We may seek to enter into hedging transaction in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all. We cannot predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. Further, significant foreign exchange fluctuations resulting in a decline in the respective local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenues and earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position. We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, Israel and Hamas and Israel/United States and Iran. In February 2022, Russia launched a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine and Middle East could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, and credit and capital markets. These military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. Any of the abovementioned factors could affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Annual Report. Negative publicity of us or an adverse shift in public opinion regarding online casino wagering may adversely impact our business and user retention. We operate in a public-facing industry where negative publicity, including from our customers, whether or not justified, can spread rapidly through, among other things, social media. To the extent that we are unable to respond timeously and appropriately to negative publicity or to the extent our responses to negative publicity are not fairly published or not positively received, our reputation and brands could be harmed. Moreover, even if we are able to respond in a timely and appropriate manner, we cannot predict how negative publicity may affect our reputation and business. A negative change in the public’s opinion of online casino, or how politicians and other governmental authorities view online casino wagering could result in future legislation or new regulations restricting or prohibiting certain (or all) online casino wagering activities in certain jurisdictions, the result of which may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, negative publicity of us or our product offerings, Platform or user experience in online casino wagering industry generally could lead to new restrictions and limitations on us and online casino wagering generally, which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We and our employees also use social media to communicate externally. There is risk that the use of social media by us or our employees to communicate about our business or for any other purpose even in a personal capacity may give rise to negative publicity or liability or result in public exposure of personal information of our employees or customers, each of which could affect our reputation, revenue, business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on several different marketing channels to acquire and retain customers and to promote our iCasino brands and our products. If we are not able to effectively acquire and retain customers via such channels then our business and operating results may be harmed. In addition to our relationship with Spike Up Media, we utilize a variety of marketing initiatives, which may include traditional marketing channels (such as print), digital marketing (such as online display advertising, search engine marketing, social media and “affiliates” marketing) and retention marketing (including via email, text messages and social media). Traditional marketing channels are by their nature difficult to measure. Digital marketing is typically more measurable but somewhat more complex to undertake. Retention marketing is subject to customer consent which is not always granted or may be revoked. Our ability to execute on our marketing plans is subject to regulatory constraints in each market and it is not unusual for marketing-related regulations to change from time to time. If our ability to monitor and measure performance of any of these channels is compromised or if our ability to execute our plans in any of these channels is in any way inhibited then our ability to acquire and retain customers could be harmed and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may suffer. 11 Table of Contents In some regions and for some of our initiatives we may rely extensively on independent third-party marketers, known as “affiliates”. “Affiliates” is an industry term that describes independent third-parties which assist the Company to acquire new customers and which are generally paid on a revenue-share or cost-per-acquisition basis. Despite the word “affiliates”, these are independent parties that are not otherwise affiliated with the Company in the ordinary sense of the word. Notwithstanding that in some jurisdictions for license purposes we are deemed to control these “affiliates” marketers, their actions in the marketing of our brands are not directly within our control and hence actions, errors, omissions or intentional malfeasance on their part may cause damage to our brands, our business, our prospects and our financial results before we are able to detect such actions, errors, omissions or intentional malfeasance and/or do anything to mitigate the effects thereof. In particular, we can be held accountable by regulatory authorities for actions by such third parties in contravention of our license in a given jurisdiction, which in turn may lead to fines, license suspension, loss of license or other censure, which may in turn harm our business, our prospects and/or our financial performance. Our agreements with such marketers sometimes make us obliged to pay them an ongoing share of revenues derived from customers that they introduce to us, or sometimes such that we are required to pay them a “cost per acquisition” capitation fee for each customer introduced, or sometimes a combination of both. Such third-party “affiliates” are under no obligation to continue introducing customers to us, but we may be obliged to continue to pay them future revenue shares, where applicable, nonetheless. In some regions we may make use of search engine marketing ("SEM", which is the purchase of advertising against keywords on search engines) and search engine optimization ("SEO", which is the adaptation of our websites and employment of other techniques in order to achieve more favorable rankings when customers search for gaming-related keywords on search engines). Search engines such as Google regularly change their internal proprietary and confidential algorithms by which SEM and SEO operate and typically do so in ways that are not predictable as to timing or effect. If we fail to adapt our marketing methods to these changes or if our competitors do so better than we do then our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may suffer. Several of our marketing channels rely on being able to successfully track customers across different websites and apps and/or to augment our own data with additional marketing data for purposes of measuring and monitoring the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and/or effectively adapting or executing on our marketing campaigns. The ability to do this is under threat of restrictive legislation in some jurisdictions and technology platform providers such as Google and Apple have taken steps to restrict such tracking and augmentation and we expect that further restrictions may be added in future. Such restrictions may hamper our ability to acquire or retain customers and thereby cause our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects to suffer. Risks Related to Government Regulation Our business is subject to a variety of United States and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing. Any change in regulations or their interpretation, or the regulatory climate applicable to our products and services, or changes in tax rules and regulations or interpretation thereof related to our products and services, could adversely impact our ability to operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to real-money online casino wagering in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business or in some circumstances, of those jurisdictions in which we offer our product offerings. We are also subject to the general laws and regulations that apply to all e-commerce businesses, such as those related to privacy and personal information, tax and consumer protection. These laws and regulations vary from one jurisdiction to another and future legislative and regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental action, which may be affected by, among other things, political pressures, attitudes and climates, as well as personal biases, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. In particular, some jurisdictions have introduced regulations attempting to restrict or prohibit online gaming, while others have taken the position that online gaming should be licensed and regulated and have adopted or are in the process of considering legislation and regulations to enable that to happen. Additionally, some jurisdictions in which we may operate could presently be unregulated or partially regulated and therefore more susceptible to the enactment or change of laws and regulations. Future legislative and regulatory action, and court decisions or other governmental action, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. Governmental authorities could view us as having violated local laws, despite our efforts to obtain all applicable licenses or approvals. Further, there is risk that governmental authorities or courts could determine that our casino offerings constitute unauthorized gambling or that legislation is enacted in jurisdictions in which we operate casino offerings that makes our casino offerings unauthorized gambling, which could negatively impact our operations and business results. There is also a risk that civil and criminal proceedings, including class actions brought by or on behalf of prosecutors or public entities or incumbent monopoly providers, or private individuals, could be initiated against us, Internet service providers, credit card and other payment processors, financial institutions, advertisers and others involved in the online casino and gaming industries. Such potential proceedings could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets, injunctions or other restrictions being imposed upon us or our licensees or other business partners, while diverting the attention of key executives. Such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as impact our reputation. 12 Table of Contents There can be no assurance that legally enforceable legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially relevant to our business to prohibit, legislate or regulate various aspects of the online casino and retail and online gaming industries (or that existing laws in those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, either as a result of our determination that a jurisdiction should be blocked, or because a local license or approval may be costly for us or our business partners to obtain and/or such licenses or approvals may contain other commercially undesirable conditions. In the United States, the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 (“UIGEA”) prohibits among other things, the acceptance by a business of a wager by means of the Internet where such wager is prohibited by any federal or state law where initiated, received or otherwise made. Under UIGEA severe criminal and civil sanctions may be imposed on the owners and operators of such systems and on financial institutions that process wagering transactions. The law contains a safe harbor for wagers placed within a single state (disregarding intermediate routing of the transmission) where the method of placing the wager and receiving the wager is authorized by that state’s law, provided the underlying regulations establish appropriate age and location verification. The Illegal Gambling Business Act (“IGBA”) makes it a crime to conduct, finance, manage, supervise, direct or own all or part of an “illegal gambling business” and the Travel Act makes it a crime to use the mail or any facility in interstate commerce with the intent to “distribute the proceeds of any unlawful activity,” or “otherwise promote, manage, establish, carry on, or facilitate the promotion, management, establishment, or carrying on, of any unlawful activity.” For there to be a violation of either the IGBA or the Travel Act there must be a violation of underlying state law. Until 2011, there was uncertainty as to whether the Federal Wire Act of 1961 (the “Wire Act”) prohibited states from conducting intrastate lottery transactions via the Internet if such transactions crossed state lines. In late 2011, the Office of Legal Counsel (the “OLC”) of the United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”) issued an opinion which concluded that the prohibitions of the Wire Act were limited to sports gambling and thus did not apply to state lotteries at all (the “2011 DOJ opinion”). Following the issuance of the 2011 DOJ opinion, within the past few years, state-authorized Internet casino gaming has been launched in Delaware, New Jersey and Pennsylvania and has been approved in Michigan and state authorized online poker has been launched in Nevada. In 2018, at the request of the Criminal Division, the OLC reconsidered the 2011 DOJ opinion’s conclusion that the Wire Act was limited to sports gambling. On January 14, 2019, the OLC published a legal opinion dated November 2, 2018 (the “2018 DOJ opinion”), which concluded that the 2011 DOJ opinion had incorrectly interpreted the Wire Act. In the 2018 DOJ opinion, the OLC concluded that the restrictions on the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets and wagers in the Wire Act were not limited to sports gambling but instead applied to all bets and wagers. The OLC also found that the enactment of the UIGEA described above did not modify the scope of the Wire Act. The OLC acknowledged that its conclusion in the 2018 DOJ opinion, which was contrary to the 2011 DOJ opinion, will make it more likely that the executive branch’s view of the law will be tested in the courts. At this time, we are unable to determine whether the 2018 DOJ opinion will be upheld by the courts, or what impact it will have on us or our customers. Our growth prospects depend on the legal status of real-money online casino gaming in various jurisdictions, and legalization may not occur in as many jurisdictions as we expect or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate or may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions or taxes that make it impracticable or less attractive to operate, which could adversely affect our future results of operations and make it more difficult to meet our expectations for financial performance. A number of jurisdictions do not prohibit, have legalized, or are currently considering legalizing, real-money gaming, and our growth, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are significantly dependent upon the legalization of real-money gaming expanding to new jurisdictions. Our business plan is partially based upon real-money gaming becoming legal for a specific percent of the population on a yearly basis; however, this may not occur as we have anticipated. Additionally, if a large number of additional jurisdictions enact real-money gaming legislation and we are unable to obtain or are otherwise delayed in obtaining the necessary licenses to operate online gaming websites in such jurisdictions where such games are legalized, our future growth in online gaming could be materially impaired. As we enter into new jurisdictions, local authorities may legalize real-money online gaming in a manner that is unfavorable to us. As a result, we may encounter legal, regulatory and political challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs associated with the new opportunity. Jurisdictions that have established state-run monopolies may limit opportunities for private sector participants like us. Jurisdictions may also impose substantial tax rates on online gaming revenue. Such taxes would make it more costly and less desirable for us to launch in a given jurisdiction, while tax increases in any of our existing jurisdictions may adversely impact our profitability. Therefore, even in cases in which a jurisdiction purports to license and regulate online gaming, the licensing and regulatory regimes can vary considerably in terms of their business-friendliness and at times may be intended to provide incumbent operators with advantages over new licensees. Therefore, some “liberalized” regulatory regimes are considerably more commercially attractive than others. 13 Table of Contents Failure to comply with regulatory requirements or to successfully obtain a license or permit applied for could adversely impact our ability to comply with licensing and regulatory requirements or to obtain or maintain licenses in other jurisdictions, or could cause financial institutions, online and mobile platforms and distributors to stop providing services to us. Compliance with the various regulations applicable to real-money wagering is costly and time-consuming. Regulatory authorities at the non-United States, United States federal, state and local levels have broad powers with respect to the regulation and licensing of realmoney gaming operations and may revoke, suspend, condition or limit our real-money gaming licenses, impose substantial fines on us and take other actions, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current laws or regulations or enact new laws and regulations regarding these matters. We will strive to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our business. It is possible, however, that these requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules. Noncompliance with any such law or regulations could expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations by private parties and regulatory authorities, as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any real-money gaming license could be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. The loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license or affect our eligibility for such a license in another jurisdiction, and any of such losses, or potential for such loss, could cause us to cease offering some or all of our offerings in the impacted jurisdictions. We may be unable to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience delays related to the licensing process, which could adversely affect our operations. Our delay or failure to obtain or maintain licenses in any jurisdiction may prevent us from distributing our offerings, increasing our customer base and/or generating revenues. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain and maintain the licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our online casino wagering operations. Any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, a gaming regulatory body may refuse to issue or renew a gaming license or restrict or condition the same, based on our past or present activities or our current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or third parties with whom we have relationships, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If additional gaming regulations are adopted in a jurisdiction in which we operate, such regulations could impose restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us. From time to time, various proposals are introduced in the legislatures of some of the jurisdictions in which we have existing or planned operations that, if enacted, could adversely affect our directors, officers, key employees, or other aspects of the company’s operations. To date, we believe we have obtained all governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals necessary for our operations. However, we can give no assurance that any additional licenses, permits and approvals that may be required will be given or that existing ones will be renewed or will not be revoked. Renewal is subject to, among other things, continued satisfaction of suitability requirements of our directors, officers, key employees and stockholders. Any failure to renew or maintain our licenses or to receive new licenses when required would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our inability to continue to conduct gaming operations under license from the Government of Estonia could adversely impact our online gaming operations in various jurisdictions and adversely affect our financial condition and operating cash flows. The loss of our Estonia license could significantly interfere with our online gaming operations, and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating cash flows. Furthermore, in such event, we could be unable to conduct online gaming operations for an indeterminate period of time, and there can be no assurances that we would be able to identify legally sufficient alternatives to be able to conduct our gaming operations at their current levels. 14 Table of Contents In some jurisdictions, our key executives, certain employees or other individuals related to the business will be subject to licensing or compliance requirements. Failure by such individuals to obtain the necessary licenses or comply with individual regulatory obligations could cause the business to be non-compliant with its obligations, or imperil its ability to obtain or maintain licenses necessary for the conduct of the business. As part of obtaining real-money gaming licenses, the responsible gaming authority will generally determine suitability of certain directors, officers and employees and, in some instances, significant stockholders. The criteria used by gaming authorities to make determinations as to who requires a finding of suitability or the suitability of an applicant to conduct gaming operations varies among jurisdictions, but generally requires extensive and detailed application disclosures followed by a thorough investigation. Gaming authorities typically have broad discretion in determining whether an applicant should be found suitable to conduct operations within a given jurisdiction. If any gaming authority with jurisdiction over our business were to find an applicable officer, director, employee or significant stockholder of ours unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to continue having a relationship with us, we would be required to sever our relationship with that person. Furthermore, such gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file required applications. Either result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Data Security We rely on information technology and other systems and platforms, and failures, errors, defects or disruptions therein could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business, affect our ability to scale our technical infrastructure and adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. Our product offerings and other software applications and systems, and certain third-party platforms that we use could contain undetected errors. Our technology infrastructure is critical to the performance of our Platform and product offerings and to user satisfaction. We devote significant resources to network and data security to protect our systems and data. However, our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We cannot assure you that absolute security will be provided by the measures we take to: prevent or hinder cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data and user information; to prevent outages, data or information loss, and fraud; and to prevent or detect security breaches. Such measures include a disaster recovery strategy for server and equipment failure, back-office systems and the use of third parties for certain cybersecurity services. We have experienced, and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. To date, such disruptions, individually and in the aggregate, have not had a material impact us; however, future disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with our computer systems and technological infrastructure, or those of third parties, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. At this stage of our development, our board of directors, as a group, will actively oversee cybersecurity risks and will be committed to the prevention, timely detection and mitigation of the effects of any such incidents on our company’s operations. While our board of directors will oversee cybersecurity risk management, our management will be responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. Our board of directors has tasked our management with the responsibility to manage our cybersecurity initiatives including with respect to our customer data and game suppliers databases. Our board of directors will receive regular reports from management on material cybersecurity risks and the degree of our company’s exposure to those risks. Management will also work with third-party service providers to maintain appropriate controls. While we believe this approach is the most effective approach for addressing our cybersecurity risks at this time we cannot assure that it will be adequate to our evolving growth needs. Additionally, our product offerings may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may become apparent only after their launch and could result in a vulnerability that could compromise the security of our systems. If a particular product offering is unavailable when users attempt to access it or navigation through our platforms is slower than they expect, users may be unable to use our product offerings as desired and may be less likely to return to our platforms as often, if at all. Furthermore, programming errors, defects and data corruption could disrupt our operations, adversely affect the experience of our users, harm our reputation, cause our users to stop utilizing our platforms, divert our resources or delay market acceptance of our product offerings, any of which could result in legal liability to us or harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Insufficient business continuity management could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects, and failure of planned availability and continuity solutions and disaster recovery when activated in response to an incident could result in system interruptions and degradation of service. 15 Table of Contents If our user base and engagement continue to grow, and the amount and types of product offerings continue to grow and evolve, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our users’ needs. Such infrastructure expansion may be complex, and unanticipated delays in completing these projects or availability of components may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our product offerings. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design and implementation, which may become evident only after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software, that could further degrade the user experience or increase our costs. As such, we could fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands. In addition, a lack of resources (e.g., hardware, software, personnel and service providers) could result in an inability to scale our services to meet business needs, system interruptions, degradation of service or operational mistakes. Our business also may be subject to interruptions, delays or failures resulting from adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, cyber-attacks, public health emergencies (such as COVID-19) or other catastrophic events. We believe that if our users have a negative experience with our product offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected, users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our product offerings or to recommend our Platform to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service could harm our reputation, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, other loss or theft of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, disruption of our operations and the services we provide to users, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products and services, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The secure maintenance and transmission of user information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit user information, or the systems of third-party service providers and business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or the network security of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees, or the actions or inactions of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our users’ information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without such users’ consent. We have experienced attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents in the past. For example, we have been and expect that we will continue to be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop for our customers, whether by our employees or third parties, including phishing attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. To date these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have a material impact in the future, including by overloading our systems and network and preventing our product offering from being accessed by legitimate users. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information from being breached or compromised. In addition, websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing and credential stuffing. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect or prevent all attempts to breach our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by our websites, networks and systems or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including payment card systems, which may subject us to fines or higher transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to certain payment methods. We and such third parties may not anticipate or prevent all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. In addition, security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or by third parties. These risks may increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and applications we use also increases. Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cybersecurity incidents could result in: unauthorized access to our sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of user information, including users’ personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; or litigation, regulatory action and other potential liabilities. In the past, the online gaming industry has experienced social engineering, phishing, malware and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service attacks, none of which to date have been material to our business; however, such attacks could in the future have a material adverse effect on our operations. If any of these breaches of security should occur and be material, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. 16 Table of Contents In addition, any party who is able illicitly to obtain a user’s password could access the user’s transaction data or personal information, resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data protection, data security, network and information systems security and other laws and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We continue to devote significant resources to protect against security breaches or we may need to in the future to address problems caused by breaches, including notifying affected users and responding to any resulting litigation, which in turn, diverts resources from the growth and expansion of our business. Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, the confidentiality of our trade secrets and confidential information, or the costs involved in such enforcement could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We rely on trademark, copyright, trade secret and domain-name-protection laws to protect our rights in intellectual property. However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our rights in intellectual property, third parties may challenge intellectual property rights held by us, and pending and future trademark may not be approved. In any of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense to prevent infringement of or to enforce our rights. Notwithstanding our intellectual property rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products or services that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States or other countries in which we operate or intend to operate our business. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective, and any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. If we are unable to protect our proprietary offerings and features, competitors may reverse engineer and/or copy them. Additionally, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual property or disclosure of our confidential information or trade secrets could make it more expensive to do business, thereby harming our operating results. Furthermore, if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our product offerings and services. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our collection, storage and use, including sharing and international transfers, of personal data are subject to applicable data protection and privacy laws, and any actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws may harm our reputation and business or expose us to fines, civil claims (including class actions), and other enforcement action. The protection of personal information is becoming increasingly regulated and changes in applicable laws may require changes to our policies, practices, procedures and personnel which may require material expenditures and harm our financial condition and results of operations. We are, and will increasingly become as we seek to expand our business, subject to numerous domestic and foreign laws, regulations, rules and standards, as well as associated industry standards, policies and contractual or other obligations, relating to the collection, use, storage, safeguarding, retention, security, destruction, disclosure, transfer, and/or other processing of personal data (collectively, “Processing”) in the jurisdictions in which we operate (collectively, “Data Protection Requirements”). These Data Protection Requirements often vary significantly by jurisdiction. While we have taken steps to comply with Data Protection Requirements, we cannot assure you that our efforts to achieve and remain in compliance have been and/or will continue to be, fully successful. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with any such Data Protection Requirements, this could result in enforcement actions against us that could include investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, temporary or permanent bans on all or some Processing of personal data or orders to destroy or not use personal data. Further, individuals or other relevant stakeholders could bring a variety of claims against us for our actual or perceived failure to comply with the Data Protection Requirements. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, and could lead to a loss of actual or prospective customers, collaborators or partners; result in an inability to Process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limit our ability to develop or commercialize current or prospective offerings or services; or require us to revise or restructure our operations. For example, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies to any Processing operations carried out in the context of the activities of an establishment in the EEA, as well as to any other Processing operations relating to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EEA and/or the monitoring of individuals’ behavior in the EEA. Also, notwithstanding the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU, by operation of the so called ‘UK GDPR’ (i.e., the GDPR as it continues to form part of the law of the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as subsequently amended) (“UK GDPR”) the GDPR continues to apply in substantially equivalent form to Processing operations carried out in the context of the activities of an establishment in the United Kingdom and any other Processing relating to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the United Kingdom and/or monitoring of individuals’ behavior in the United Kingdom. Consequently, any reference we make to the GDPR also refers to the UK GDPR in the context of the United Kingdom, unless the context indicates otherwise. 17 Table of Contents The GDPR further provides that EEA Member States may introduce specific, supplementary requirements related to the Processing of “special categories of personal data”; as well as personal data related to criminal offences or convictions. In the United Kingdom, the UK Data Protection Act 2018 complements the UK GDPR in this regard. This fact may lead to greater divergence on the law that applies to the Processing of such personal data across the EEA and/or United Kingdom, which may increase our costs and overall compliance risk. The GDPR and such supplementary requirements impose stringent data privacy and security requirements. In particular, the GDPR imposes several requirements relating to ensuring there is a lawful basis for Processing personal data, extends the rights of individuals to whom the personal data relates, materially expands the definition of what is expressly noted to constitute personal data, requires additional disclosures about how personal data is to be used, imposes limitations on retention of personal data, imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EEA/UK to most third countries, creates mandatory data breach notification requirements in certain circumstances and establishes onerous new obligations on service providers, or processors, who Process personal data simply on behalf of others. It also significantly increased penalties for noncompliance. Additionally, following the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union on January 31, 2020 and end of the post-Brexit transition period on December 31, 2020, as noted above, the United Kingdom has introduced the UK GDPR which currently makes the privacy regimes of the EEA and United Kingdom similar, though it is possible that either the European Union, and consequently those further states that make up the remainder of the EEA, or United Kingdom could elect to change their approach and create differences in legal requirements and regulation in this area. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission issued an adequacy decision under the GDPR which allows transfers (other than those carried out for the purposes of United Kingdom immigration control) of personal data from the EEA to the United Kingdom to continue without restriction for a period of four years ending June 27, 2025. These decisions were renewed in late 2025 following a review, extending the adequacy status until December 27, 2031. After that period, the adequacy decision may be renewed, however, only if the United Kingdom continues to ensure an adequate level of data protection. During these four years, the European Commission will continue to monitor the legal situation in the United Kingdom and could intervene at any point if the United Kingdom deviates from the level of data protection in place at the time of issuance of the adequacy decision. If the adequacy decision is withdrawn or not renewed, transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United Kingdom will require a valid ‘transfer mechanism’ and we may be required to implement new processes and put new agreements in place (such as the then-current form of the European Commission-issued Standard Contractual Clauses), to enable transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United Kingdom to continue. We are also subject to the Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2017 (as amended) (the “Guernsey DP Law”), which largely follows GDPR and requires us to control and process personal data only for proper purposes and in accordance with statutory data protection principles, and the Data Protection Law of Colombia, which requires the consent of the customer to their data being transmitted outside of Colombia. Because our products and services rely on the movement of data across national boundaries, global privacy and data security concerns could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit sales of our products and/ or services globally. In particular, European data protection laws, such as the GDPR, generally prohibit the transfer of personal data from the EEA, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States, and most other countries, known as ‘third countries’, in respect of which the European Commission or other relevant regulatory body has not issued a so-called ‘adequacy decision’, unless the parties to the transfer have implemented specific safeguards to protect the transferred personal data. One of the primary safeguards used for transfers of personal data to the United States was the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield framework administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union, or CJEU, in a decision known as ’Schrems II’, invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA and the United Kingdom to U.S. entities that had self-certified under the Privacy Shield. To align with the CJEU’s decision in respect of the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, on September 8, 2020, the UK government similarly invalidated the use of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as a mechanism for lawful personal data transfers from the United Kingdom to the United States under the UK GDPR and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner announced that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield regime was also inadequate for the purposes of personal data transfers from Switzerland to the U.S. entities who had self-certified under the Swiss Privacy Shield. The CJEU Schrems II decision mentioned above also cast doubt on the ability to use one of the primary alternatives to the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, namely, the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, lawfully to transfer personal data to the United States and most other third countries. 18 Table of Contents On June 4, 2021, the European Commission published new versions of the Standard Contractual Clauses. These must be used for all new transfers of personal data from the EEA to third countries starting September 27, 2021, and all existing transfers of personal data from the EEA to third countries relying on the existing versions of the Standard Contractual Clauses must be replaced by December 27, 2022. A transition period set for the adoption of the updated standard clauses ended on December 27, 2022. The implementation of the new Standard Contractual Clauses will necessitate significant contractual overhaul of our data transfer arrangements with partners, sub-processors and

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. Use of both the existing and the new Standard Contractual Clauses must, following the Schrems II decision, now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals, and additional supplementary technical, organizational and/or contractual measures and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place; however, the nature of these additional measures is currently uncertain. At present, there are few if any viable alternatives to the Privacy Shield and the Standard Contractual Clauses and there remains some uncertainty with respect to the nature and efficacy of such supplementary measures in ensuring an adequate level of protection of personal data. As such, our transfers of personal data to third countries may not comply with European data protection laws and may increase our exposure to the GDPR’s heightened sanctions for breaching of its cross-border data protection rule, including fines of up to 4% of annual global revenue or €20 million ($21.2 million), or 4% of annual global revenue of the preceding year, whichever is higher, and injunctions against transfers. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the Standard Contractual Clauses can and cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate and/or engage providers and/or otherwise transfer personal data, it could affect the manner in which we receive and/or provide services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results and generally increase compliance risk. Additionally, other countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of operating our business. In recent years, U.S. and European lawmakers and regulators have expressed concern over electronic marketing and the use of third-party cookies, web beacons and similar technology for online behavioral advertising. On June 20, 2019, the U.K.’s Information Commissioner (the “ICO”) published a report setting out its views on advertising technology, specifically the use of personal data in “real time bidding”, and the key privacy compliance challenges arising from it. In its report, which is a status update rather than formal guidance, several key deficiencies were noted and marked for formal regulatory action. However, in May 2020, the ICO paused its investigation into real time bidding and the advertising technology industry, as it sought to prioritize activities responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. The ICO’s investigation resumed in January 2021. We are likely to be required to expend further capital and other resources to ensure compliance with the findings of the ICO’s report on advertising technology, and any relevant changing laws and regulations. While we have numerous mitigation controls in place, advertisements produced by us may be erroneously served on websites that are not suitable for the advertising content of a casino (e.g., websites predominantly aimed at children). There is also a risk that such advertisements are viewed by people who do not want to view them, or who have taken measures not to receive them (for example, individuals on “self-exclusion” lists). In each case this may have adverse legal and reputational effects on our business. In the EU, rules relating to electronic direct marketing are currently set out in the ePrivacy Directive, which is likely to be replaced by a new ePrivacy Regulation. While no official time frame has been given for the ePrivacy Regulation, there will be a transition period after the ePrivacy Regulation is agreed for compliance. As of the date of this Annual Report it is still undergoing legislative processes and has not been officially adopted by the EU. The ePrivacy Regulation will be directly implemented into the laws of each of the EU Member States, without the need for further enactment. When implemented, the ePrivacy Regulation is expected to alter rules on thirdparty cookies, web beacons and similar technology for online behavioral advertising and to impose stricter requirements on companies using these tools. Regulation of cookies and web beacons may lead to broader restrictions on our online activities, including efforts to understand followers’ Internet usage and promote ourselves to them. The current draft of the ePrivacy Regulation significantly increases fining powers to the same levels as the GDPR. Given the delay in finalizing the ePrivacy Regulation, certain regulators have issued guidance (including ICO and French data protection regulators) on the requirement to seek strict opt-in, unbundled consent to use all nonessential cookies and similar technologies and the requirement to increase the standard of transparency relating to use of cookies and similar technologies. Our cookie consent management functionality and cookies notices may not meet the standards outlined in such guidance. In the United States, the federal government, including Congress, the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, has announced that it is reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination, and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. Numerous states have enacted or are in the process of enacting state level data privacy laws and regulations governing the collection, use, and processing of state residents’ personal data. 19 Table of Contents For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA establishes a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance related costs and expenses. The CCPA provides new and enhanced data privacy rights to California residents, such as affording consumers the right to access and delete their information and to opt out of certain sharing and sales of personal information. The law also prohibits covered businesses from discriminating against consumers (for example, charging more for services) for exercising any of their CCPA rights. The CCPA imposes severe statutory penalties for certain violations of the law as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action is expected to increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. It remains unclear how various provisions of the CCPA will be interpreted and enforced. In November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (“CPRA”). The CPRA further expands the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements that may impact our business, and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. The Stop Hacks and Improve Electronic Data Security Act, otherwise known as the SHIELD Act, is a New York State bill, the data protection portions of which became effective on March 23, 2020. The SHIELD Act requires companies to adopt reasonable safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of private information. A company should implement a data security program containing specific measures, including risk assessments, employee training, vendor contracts, and timely data disposal. Laws like the SHIELD Act, the CPRA and the CCPA may lead other states to pass comparable legislation, with potentially greater penalties, and more rigorous compliance requirements relevant to our business. For example, Virginia has enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act and Colorado has enacted the Colorado Privacy Act, each of which may impose obligations similar to or more stringent than those we may face under other data protection laws. Compliance with any newly enacted privacy and data security laws or regulations may be challenging and cost and time-intensive, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to comply with applicable legal requirements. Although we have implemented certain policies and procedures, and continue to review and improve such policies and procedures, that are designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, if our privacy or data security measures fail, or are perceived to have failed, to comply with applicable current or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to fines, litigation, regulatory investigations and penalties (including potential suspension or loss of licensure), enforcement notices requiring us to change the way we use personal data or our marketing practices or other liabilities such as compensation claims by individuals affected by a personal data breach, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss of business. Fines are significant in some countries (e.g., the GDPR introduced fines of up to €20 million or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual revenue of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher) as well as litigation, compensation claims by affected individuals (including class action type litigation where individuals suffer harm), regulatory investigations and enforcement notices that could require us to change the way we use personal data. Our processing of cardholder data is subject, in addition to data protection and privacy laws, to strict industry standards and security procedures. Compliance with the requirements to process cardholder data can be onerous and may require the implementation of new procedures, policies and security measures or the amendment of existing ones which may require material expenditures and harm our financial condition and results of operations. Any actual or perceived failure to comply may result in the inability to process payments, monetary penalties and reputational damages which may require material expenditures and harm our financial condition and results of operations. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) applies to the processing of cardholder data. PCI DSS consists of a set of policies and procedures intended to enhance the security of cardholder data during card transactions. PCI DSS was implemented by the five largest credit card brands—Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, JCB. Compliance in this regard is important as we do process cardholder data. Where there is actual or perceived non-compliance with PCI DSS, this may result in our inability to process payments, monetary penalties and reputational damage. As part of PCI DSS compliance, we are required to undertake internal and external network vulnerability scans at least quarterly and after any significant change in the network and to carry out a formal risk assessment process at least annually and upon significant changes to the environment that identifies critical assets, threats, and vulnerabilities. Where such scans reveal any lack of compliance, the Company will take appropriate steps to ensure compliance in accordance with the relevant and applicable policies and procedures. We will rely on licenses and service agreements to use the intellectual property rights of third parties which are incorporated into or used in our products and services. Failure to renew or expand existing licenses or service agreements may require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain product offerings, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We rely on products, technologies and intellectual property that we license or that are made available to us through service agreements from third parties, for use in our B2B, B2B2C and B2C offerings. Substantially all of our product offerings and services use intellectual property licensed or made available to us through service agreements from third parties. The future success of our business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses or service agreements for certain technologies. We cannot assure that these third-party licenses and services agreements, or support for the technologies licensed or provided to us thereunder, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing licenses or services agreements, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the product offerings that include or incorporate the licensed or provided technology. 20 Table of Contents Some of our license agreements contain minimum guaranteed royalty payments to the third party. Individually and in the aggregate, these minimum guaranteed royalty payments are immaterial to our operations. Our license agreements generally allow for transferability in the event of a strategic transaction but contain some limited termination rights related to the transfer. Certain of our license agreements grant the licensor rights to audit our use of their intellectual property. Disputes with licensors over uses or terms could result in the payment of additional royalties or penalties by us, cancellation or non-renewal of the underlying license or litigation. The regulatory review process and licensing requirements also may preclude us from using technologies owned or developed by third parties if those parties are unwilling to subject themselves to regulatory review or do not meet regulatory requirements. Some gaming authorities require gaming manufacturers to obtain approval before engaging in certain transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers, reorganizations, financings, stock offerings and share repurchases. Obtaining such approvals can be costly and time consuming, and we cannot assure that such approvals will be granted or that the approval process will not result in delays or disruptions to our strategic objectives. Risks Related to our Third-Party Vendor Relationships We rely on third-party providers to validate the identity and location of our users, and if such providers fail to perform adequately or provide accurate information or we do not maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. There is no guarantee that the third-party geolocation and identity verification systems that we rely on perform adequately or will be effective. We rely on our geolocation and identity verification systems to ensure we are in compliance with certain laws and regulations, and any service disruption to those systems would prohibit us from operating our Platform and would adversely affect our business. Additionally, incorrect or misleading geolocation and identity verification data with respect to current or potential users received from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently allowing access to our product offerings to individuals who should not be permitted to access them, or otherwise inadvertently deny access to individuals who should be able to access our product offerings, in each case based on inaccurate identity or geographic location determination. Our third-party geolocation services provider relies on its ability to obtain information necessary to determine geolocation from mobile devices, operating systems and other sources. Changes, disruptions or temporary or permanent failure to access such sources by our third-party services providers may result in their inability to accurately determine the location of our users. Moreover, our inability to maintain our existing contracts with third-party services providers, or to replace them with equivalent third parties, may result in our inability to access geolocation and identity verification data necessary for our day-to-day operations. If any of these risks materialize, we may be subject to disciplinary action, fines, lawsuits, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. We rely on other third-party service and content providers (including online slot and other game providers) and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with us, our costs may increase and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. Our success depends in part on our relationships with third-party service providers. We also rely on third parties for content delivery (such as online slots), load balancing and protection against distributed denial-of-service attacks. If those providers do not perform adequately, our users may experience issues or interruptions with their experiences, and we may be held responsible by gaming regulators for the errors of third-party content providers. Furthermore, if any of our third-party service or data providers terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate provider, and as consolidation in the industries in which we operate continues to occur, if any of our third-party service providers is acquired by a competitor, we may need to find an alternate provider, and in each case we may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such providers in an acceptable time frame. We also rely on other software and services supplied by third parties, such as communications and internal software, and our business may be adversely affected to the extent such software and services do not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, are compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, any negative publicity related to any of our third-party service providers, including any publicity related to regulatory concerns or allegations of bad or unethical actions undertaken by any of our third-party service providers, could adversely affect our reputation and brand, result in us severing our relationship with such third-party service provider and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 21 Table of Contents We incorporate technology from third-party vendors into our platform. We cannot be certain that these vendors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of others or that they have sufficient rights to such technology in all jurisdictions in which we may operate. Some of our material license and services agreements with third party vendors allow the vendor to terminate for convenience. If we are unable to obtain or maintain rights to any of this technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our vendors or against us, if our third party vendors terminate any license or services agreements, or if we are unable to continue to obtain the technology or enter into new agreements on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to develop our Platform or product offerings containing that technology could be severely limited and our business could be harmed. Additionally, if we are unable to obtain necessary technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternate technology, which may require significant time, effort and skillsets that we currently do not have, and may be of lower quality or performance standards. This would limit and delay our ability to provide new or competitive product offerings and increase our costs. If alternate technology cannot be obtained or developed, we may not be able to offer certain functionality as part of our product offerings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If Internet and other technology-based service providers experience service interruptions, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. A substantial portion of our network infrastructure is provided by third parties, including Internet service providers and other technology-based service providers. We use technology-based service providers such as CloudFlare to mitigate any distributed denialof-service attacks. However, if Internet service providers experience service interruptions, including because of cyber- attacks, or due to an event causing an unusually high volume of Internet use (such as a pandemic or public health emergency like COVID-19), communications over the Internet may be interrupted and impair our ability to conduct our business. Internet service providers and other technology-based service providers may in the future roll out upgraded or new mobile or other telecommunications services, such as 5G or 6G services, which may not be successful and thus may impact the ability of our users to access our Platform or product offerings in a timely fashion or at all. In addition, our ability to process e-commerce transactions depends on bank processing and credit card systems. To prepare for system problems, we continuously seek to strengthen and enhance our current facilities and the capabilities of our system infrastructure and support. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the Internet infrastructure or our own network systems will continue to be able to meet the demand placed on us by the continued growth of the Internet, the overall online gaming industry and our users. Any difficulties these providers face, including the potential of certain network traffic receiving priority over other traffic (i.e., lack of net neutrality), may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. Any system failure as a result of reliance on third parties, such as network, software or hardware failure, including as a result of cyber-attacks, which causes a loss of our users’ property or personal information or a delay or interruption in our online services and products and e-commerce services, including our ability to handle existing or increased traffic, could result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interruptions to our Platform and product offerings, cause us to incur significant legal, remediation and notification costs, degrade the customer experience and cause users to lose confidence in our product offerings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We have relied on the customer lead generation services provided to us by Spike Up Media, an affiliate. The loss of those services or changes in terms by which those services are provided to us could result in slower growth, reduced gross profit margins or operating losses any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We have mitigated this dependency through internal staffing and by working with other lead generators. Our initial payment arrangements with Spike Up Media for lead generation were at favorable rates to us resulting in more rapid payback of customer acquisition costs than we might otherwise expect from leads generated by other unaffiliated providers. Since March 2023, our arrangement for lead generation with Spike Up has changed to market rates which results in our having lower gross operating margins. Our current agreement with Spike Up Media allows for termination by either party at any time without penalty. If we were to lose the relationship with Spike Up our iCasino operations may suffer and we could experience a material negative impact on revenue and gross profit. Our growth will depend, in part, on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. Overreliance on certain third parties, or our inability to extend existing relationships or agree to new relationships may cause unanticipated costs for us and impact our financial performance in the future. We rely, and we expect to continue to rely, on relationships with third parties in order to attract users to our platform which is common practice in our industry. These relationships along with providers of online services, search engines, social media, directories and other websites and ecommerce businesses direct consumers to our online platform. While we believe there are other third parties that could drive users to our platform, adding or transitioning to them may disrupt our business and increase our costs. In the event that any of our existing relationships or our future relationships fails to provide services to us in accordance with the terms of our arrangement, or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, this could impact our ability to attract consumers cost effectively and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Affiliate Arrangements We have arrangements with our affiliates that impact our operations. We have engaged, and may in the future engage, in transactions with affiliates, such as Spike Up Media, Ellmount Interactive and other related parties, to operate online gaming. While an effort has been made and will continue to be made to obtain services from affiliated persons and other related parties at rates and on terms that are at least as favorable as would be charged by others, if that were not to be achieved in the future that could have a negative impact on our operations. If we engage in related party transactions on unfavorable terms, our operating results will be negatively impacted. Risks Related to our Liquidity and Capital Resources We may require additional capital to support our growth plans, and that capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. We intend to make significant investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new product offerings and features or enhance our existing platform, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses, personnel and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. Our ability to obtain additional capital, if and when required, will depend on our business plans, investor demand, our operating performance, capital markets conditions and other factors. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity, equity-linked or debt securities, such as preferred stock as authorized by our Charter, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our currently issued and outstanding equity or debt, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain additional capital when required, or on satisfactory terms, our ability to continue to support our business growth or to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances could be adversely affected, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be harmed. We may invest in or acquire other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable successfully to integrate acquired businesses into our company or otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions. As part of our business strategy, we may make acquisitions as opportunities arise to add new or complementary businesses, products, brands or technologies. In some cases, the costs of such acquisitions may be substantial, including as a result of professional fees and due diligence efforts. There is no assurance that the time and resources expended on pursuing a particular acquisition will result in a completed transaction, or that any completed transaction will ultimately be successful. In addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition or strategic investment opportunities or may be unable to obtain any required financing or regulatory approvals, and therefore may be unable to complete such acquisitions or strategic investments on favorable terms, if at all. We may decide to pursue acquisitions with which our investors may not agree and we cannot assure investors that any acquisition or investment will be successful or otherwise provide a favorable return on investment. In addition, acquisitions and the integration thereof require significant time and resources and place significant demands on our management, as well as on our operational and financial infrastructure. In addition, if we fail to successfully close transactions or integrate new teams, or integrate the products and technologies associated with these acquisitions into our company, our business could be seriously harmed. Acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and risks, including:  the ability to profitably manage acquired businesses or successfully integrate the acquired businesses’ operations, personnel, financial reporting, accounting and internal controls, technologies and products into our business;  increased indebtedness and the expense of integrating acquired businesses, including significant administrative, operational, economic, geographic or cultural challenges in managing and integrating the expanded or combined operations;  entry into jurisdictions or acquisition of products or technologies with which we have limited or no prior experience, and the potential of increased competition with new or existing competitors as a result of such acquisitions;  diversion of management’s attention and the over-extension of our operating infrastructure and our management systems, information technology systems, and internal controls and procedures, which may be inadequate to support growth;  the ability to fund our capital needs and any cash flow shortages that may occur if anticipated revenue is not realized or is delayed, whether by general economic or market conditions, or unforeseen internal difficulties; and  the ability to retain or hire qualified personnel required for expanded operations. Our acquisition strategy may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. Issuing shares of our stock to fund an acquisition would cause economic dilution to existing stockholders. If we develop a reputation for being a difficult acquirer or having an unfavorable work environment, or target companies view our shares of capital stock unfavorably, we may be unable to consummate key acquisition transactions essential to our corporate strategy and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be seriously harmed. 23 Table of Contents If we raise capital in the future by issuing shares of common or preferred stock or other equity or equity-linked securities, convertible debt or other hybrid equity securities, then-existing stockholders may experience dilution, such new securities may have rights senior to those of the Company ’ s common stock, and the market price of the Company ’ s common stock may be adversely affected. If the Company raises capital in the future, then existing stockholders may experience dilution. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. The Board may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the shares of common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. The issuance of any such securities may have the impact of adversely affecting the market price of the Company’s common stock. We are a holding company that have no material assets other than the ownership of our operating subsidiaries. We depend on distributions from these subsidiaries. If these distributions are inadequate, we may be unable to pay our taxes and other expenses. We are a holding company that have no material assets other than its ownership interests in Interstellar Entertainment, Lunar Ventures, and Ellmount Entertainment Ltd. The Company is not expected to have independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and its ability to pay its taxes, operating expenses, and pay any dividends in the future, if any, will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of its High Roller, Fruta, Casino Room, and other domain operations. There can be no assurance that these operations will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to the Company or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants under debt instruments will permit such distributions. If these operations do not distribute sufficient funds to the Company to pay its taxes or other liabilities, the Company may default on contractual obligations or have to borrow funds. In the event that the Company is required to borrow funds, our liquidity may be adversely affected which could subject us to additional restrictions imposed by lenders. Increases in the Company ’ s income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with U.S. and foreign tax authorities can adversely affect the Company ’ s business, financial condition or results of operations. Increases in the Company’s income tax rates or other changes in income tax laws in the United States or any particular jurisdiction in which the Company operates could reduce its after-tax income from such jurisdiction and adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. Existing tax laws in the United States have been and could in the future be subject to significant change. For example, in December 2017, the TCJA was signed into law in the United States which provided for significant changes to then-existing tax laws and additional guidance issued by the IRS pursuant to the TCJA may continue to impact the Company in future periods. Additional changes in the United States tax regime, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, can adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company will also be subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income-based taxes. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which the Company operates, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can differ from the Company’s historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. If the revenue generated by our iCasino operations does not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. Fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to our initial public offering in October 2024, there was no public market for the securities of High Roller. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to the Company may not be indicative of the price that will ultimately prevail in the trading market and, even if an active market for the Company’s securities develops and continues, the trading price of its securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in the Company’s securities and the Company’s securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of the Company’s securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 24 Table of Contents Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include:  actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;  fluctuations and volatility in the currencies in which we conduct our operations as compared to the U.S. dollar, our reporting currency;  changes in the market’s expectations about our operating results;  success of competitors;  our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period;  changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Company or the industries in which we operate in general;  operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us;  our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis;  changes in laws and regulations affecting our business;  commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Company;  changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt;  the volume of shares of our common stock available for public sale;  any major change in our Board or management;  sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and  general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of the Company’s securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, and NYSE American in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of the Company’s securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to the Company could depress the Company’s stock price regardless of its business, prospects, financial conditions, or results of operations. A decline in the market price of the Company’s securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and its ability to obtain additional financing in the future. A significant portion of our total outstanding securities are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. Sales of a substantial number of shares of the common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of the common stock. While members of our management and certain shareholders have agreed to be subject to certain restrictions regarding the transfer of the common stock, these shares may be sold after the expiration of the applicable lock-up restrictions. We may file one or more registration statements to provide for the resale of such shares from time to time. As restrictions on resale end and the registration statements are available for use, the market price of the common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation may inhibit a takeover of the Company, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our securities and could entrench management. Our Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include the ability of the Board to designate the terms of, and issue new series of, preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. General

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our marketing and customer communications processes and systems. Failures or outages in these systems may inhibit our ability to acquire new customers or retain existing customers. The nature of these processes means that certain customer personal information may be transmitted through these systems. If these systems are compromised in any way, then customer personal data might be compromised and in turn our customers’ perception of our reliability and security might be impacted. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We rely on third-party providers for all of our casino games. These third parties are responsible for the design, development and maintenance of these games. In the past there have been outages during which time one or more games have been unavailable. There have also been incidents where errors in the design or development or maintenance of these games has resulted in erroneous payouts to customers, including instances where games have erroneously produced positive expected returns to customers and hence losses for the casino. We cannot be certain that we will always detect such outages and errors timeously nor that we will be able to recover any losses resulting from errors either from customers or third-party providers. Any outages or attempts by us to recover such losses from errors from our customers may cause our customers to have a negative experience and our brand or reputation may be negatively affected, and our customers may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our products or recommend our Platform to other potential customers. As such, any such outages and errors could harm our reputation, business and operating results. Furthermore, if any of our casino game suppliers terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we might need to find an alternate provider. Given the unique design of each casino game, exact replacement would not be possible, and we may not be able to secure similar terms or product features or extent of product range or replace such providers in an acceptable time frame. Any of these risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Further, any negative publicity related to any of our third-party casino game supplier partners, including any publicity related to regulatory concerns, could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. We may have difficulty accessing the services of banks, credit card issuers and payment processing services providers due to the nature of our business, which may make it difficult for players to effect transactions with financial institutions when making deposits or withdrawals from our platform. Although financial institutions and payment processors are permitted to provide services to us and others in our industry, banks, credit card issuers and payment processing service providers may be hesitant to offer banking and payment processing services to real money gaming. Consequently, businesses involved in our industry, including our own, may encounter difficulties in establishing and maintaining banking and payment processing relationships with a full scope of services and generating market rate interest. Similarly, our customers’ banks and/or credit card providers might decline to allow our customers to effect transactions with online gaming or might block such attempted transactions. If we are unable to maintain our bank accounts or our customers are unable to use their credit cards, bank accounts or e-wallets to make deposits and withdrawals from our platforms, it would be difficult for us to operate our business and increase our operating costs, and would pose additional operational, logistical and security challenges which could result in an inability to implement our business plan and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 8 Table of Contents Our growth prospects may suffer if we are unable to develop successful game offerings or if we fail to pursue new and exciting additional game offerings. In addition, if we fail to make the right investment decisions in our offerings and technology platform, we may not attract and retain players and our revenue and results of operations may decline. Ellmount Entertainment Ltd, was founded over a decade ago, under the laws of Malta, and was primarily focused on iGaming product offerings. We have repurposed Ellmount Entertainment into a marketing company during the first quarter 2022, and since then have transitioned existing customers to our HighRoller.com domain. We are focused on expanding the user base and we anticipate expanding further as new product offerings mature and as we pursue our growth strategies. The iGaming industry is characterized by continuous technological change, evolving regulatory and industry standards, frequent new product offerings and changes in customer expectations. To keep pace with the technological developments, achieve product acceptance and remain relevant to users, we will need to continue introducing new products and services as well as enhanced functionality on our existing suite of products and services. We must continually adapt to changing business environments and competing technologies and products. To the extent we are not able to adapt to new technologies and/or standards, experience delays in implementing such technologies or fail to accurately predict emerging technological trends, we may lose customers. Costs as a result of operating as a public company are significant, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that private companies do not incur, and we expect these costs to further increase after we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE American, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. Recruitment and retention of our employees, including certain key employees, are vital to growing our business and meeting our business plans. The loss of any of our key executives or other key employees could harm our business. We depend on a limited number of key personnel to manage and operate our business. The leadership of our current executive officers has been a critical element of our success and the departure, death or disability of any one of our executive officers or other extended or permanent loss of any of their services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to any of them or their loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to attract or retain such highly qualified, and experienced personnel in the future. In addition, the loss of employees or the inability to hire necessary skilled employees could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to taxation in a number of jurisdictions and changes in, or new interpretation of, tax laws, tax rulings or their application by tax authorities could result in additional tax liabilities and could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our tax obligations are varied and include United States federal, state and international taxes due to the nature of our business. The tax laws that are applicable to our business are subject to interpretation, and significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the course of our business, there will be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. For example, compliance with the 2017 United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) may require the collection of information not regularly produced within our Company, the use of estimates in our consolidated financial statements, and the exercise of significant judgment in accounting for its provisions. As regulations and guidance evolve with respect to the TCJA, and as we gather more information and perform more analysis, our results may differ from previous estimates and may materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 9 Table of Contents The gaming industry represents a significant source of tax revenue to the jurisdictions in which we operate. Gaming companies and B2B providers in the gaming industry (directly and/or indirectly by way of their commercial relationships with operators) are currently subject to significant taxes and fees in addition to normal corporate income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. From time to time, various legislators and other government officials have proposed and adopted changes in tax laws, or in the administration or interpretation of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. In addition, any worsening of economic conditions and the large number of jurisdictions with significant current or projected budget deficits, many of which have been made worse due to COVID-19, could intensify the efforts of governments to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes and/or other taxes. It is not possible to determine with certainty the likelihood of changes in tax laws or in the administration or interpretation or enforcement of such laws. Any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, tax authorities may impose indirect taxes on Internet-related commercial activity based on existing statutes and regulations which, in some cases, were established prior to the advent of the Internet. Tax authorities may interpret laws originally enacted for mature industries and apply it to newer industries, such as ours. The application of such laws may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our in-jurisdiction activities may vary from period to period which could result in differences in nexus from period to period. We are subject to periodic review and audit by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken or that we will take, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Although we believe that our tax provisions, positions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken. In addition, economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes favorably more difficult. We have business operations located outside of the United States, which subjects us to additional costs and risks that could adversely affect our operating results. Our operations are located in multiple jurisdictions and we may in the future pursue to expand into other additional markets. Compliance with international and local laws and regulations that apply to our operations increases our cost of doing business. As a result of our operations, we are subject to a variety of risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including those related to:  challenges caused by distance as well as language and cultural differences;  general economic downturns;  regulatory changes;  political unrest, terrorism and the potential for other hostilities;  public health risks, particularly in areas in which we have significant operations;  overlapping or changes in tax regimes;  difficulties in transferring funds from certain countries and managing foreign exchange rate fluctuations and risks;  laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws which also prohibit corrupt payments to governmental officials;  local laws which prohibit money-laundering and financing of terrorist and other unlawful financial activities; and  reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. If we are unable to expand or adequately staff and manage our existing development operations, we may not realize, in whole or in part, the anticipated benefits from these initiatives (including lower development expenses), which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our business includes significant international operations, and we are likely to be exposed to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. As a result, changes in the valuation of any major currency with which we conduct business in relation to other currencies could have positive or negative effects on our profitability and financial position. Our global operations are likely to expose us to foreign currency transactions and translation risks. Currency transaction risk occurs in conjunction with purchases and sales of products and services that are made in currencies other than the local currency of the subsidiary involved, for example if the parent company pays, or transfers euro to a subsidiary in order to fund its expenses in local currencies. Currency translation risks occurs when the income statement and balance sheet of a foreign subsidiary is converted into currencies other than the local currency of the company involved, for example when the results of these subsidiaries are consolidated in the results of a parent company with a different reporting currency. 10 Table of Contents Due to our international operations, a significant portion of our business is denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency and exchange rates may have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. Foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. Significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our international revenue, which in turn affects our consolidated revenue. Currencies may be affected by internal factors, general economic conditions and external developments in other countries, all of which can have an adverse impact on a country’s currency. Currently, we are not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. We may seek to enter into hedging transaction in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all. We cannot predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. Further, significant foreign exchange fluctuations resulting in a decline in the respective local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenues and earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position. We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, Israel and Hamas and Israel/United States and Iran. In February 2022, Russia launched a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine and Middle East could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, and credit and capital markets. These military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. Any of the abovementioned factors could affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Annual Report. Negative publicity of us or an adverse shift in public opinion regarding online casino wagering may adversely impact our business and user retention. We operate in a public-facing industry where negative publicity, including from our customers, whether or not justified, can spread rapidly through, among other things, social media. To the extent that we are unable to respond timeously and appropriately to negative publicity or to the extent our responses to negative publicity are not fairly published or not positively received, our reputation and brands could be harmed. Moreover, even if we are able to respond in a timely and appropriate manner, we cannot predict how negative publicity may affect our reputation and business. A negative change in the public’s opinion of online casino, or how politicians and other governmental authorities view online casino wagering could result in future legislation or new regulations restricting or prohibiting certain (or all) online casino wagering activities in certain jurisdictions, the result of which may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, negative publicity of us or our product offerings, Platform or user experience in online casino wagering industry generally could lead to new restrictions and limitations on us and online casino wagering generally, which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We and our employees also use social media to communicate externally. There is risk that the use of social media by us or our employees to communicate about our business or for any other purpose even in a personal capacity may give rise to negative publicity or liability or result in public exposure of personal information of our employees or customers, each of which could affect our reputation, revenue, business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on several different marketing channels to acquire and retain customers and to promote our iCasino brands and our products. If we are not able to effectively acquire and retain customers via such channels then our business and operating results may be harmed. In addition to our relationship with Spike Up Media, we utilize a variety of marketing initiatives, which may include traditional marketing channels (such as print), digital marketing (such as online display advertising, search engine marketing, social media and “affiliates” marketing) and retention marketing (including via email, text messages and social media). Traditional marketing channels are by their nature difficult to measure. Digital marketing is typically more measurable but somewhat more complex to undertake. Retention marketing is subject to customer consent which is not always granted or may be revoked. Our ability to execute on our marketing plans is subject to regulatory constraints in each market and it is not unusual for marketing-related regulations to change from time to time. If our ability to monitor and measure performance of any of these channels is compromised or if our ability to execute our plans in any of these channels is in any way inhibited then our ability to acquire and retain customers could be harmed and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may suffer. 11 Table of Contents In some regions and for some of our initiatives we may rely extensively on independent third-party marketers, known as “affiliates”. “Affiliates” is an industry term that describes independent third-parties which assist the Company to acquire new customers and which are generally paid on a revenue-share or cost-per-acquisition basis. Despite the word “affiliates”, these are independent parties that are not otherwise affiliated with the Company in the ordinary sense of the word. Notwithstanding that in some jurisdictions for license purposes we are deemed to control these “affiliates” marketers, their actions in the marketing of our brands are not directly within our control and hence actions, errors, omissions or intentional malfeasance on their part may cause damage to our brands, our business, our prospects and our financial results before we are able to detect such actions, errors, omissions or intentional malfeasance and/or do anything to mitigate the effects thereof. In particular, we can be held accountable by regulatory authorities for actions by such third parties in contravention of our license in a given jurisdiction, which in turn may lead to fines, license suspension, loss of license or other censure, which may in turn harm our business, our prospects and/or our financial performance. Our agreements with such marketers sometimes make us obliged to pay them an ongoing share of revenues derived from customers that they introduce to us, or sometimes such that we are required to pay them a “cost per acquisition” capitation fee for each customer introduced, or sometimes a combination of both. Such third-party “affiliates” are under no obligation to continue introducing customers to us, but we may be obliged to continue to pay them future revenue shares, where applicable, nonetheless. In some regions we may make use of search engine marketing ("SEM", which is the purchase of advertising against keywords on search engines) and search engine optimization ("SEO", which is the adaptation of our websites and employment of other techniques in order to achieve more favorable rankings when customers search for gaming-related keywords on search engines). Search engines such as Google regularly change their internal proprietary and confidential algorithms by which SEM and SEO operate and typically do so in ways that are not predictable as to timing or effect. If we fail to adapt our marketing methods to these changes or if our competitors do so better than we do then our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may suffer. Several of our marketing channels rely on being able to successfully track customers across different websites and apps and/or to augment our own data with additional marketing data for purposes of measuring and monitoring the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and/or effectively adapting or executing on our marketing campaigns. The ability to do this is under threat of restrictive legislation in some jurisdictions and technology platform providers such as Google and Apple have taken steps to restrict such tracking and augmentation and we expect that further restrictions may be added in future. Such restrictions may hamper our ability to acquire or retain customers and thereby cause our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects to suffer. Risks Related to Government Regulation Our business is subject to a variety of United States and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing. Any change in regulations or their interpretation, or the regulatory climate applicable to our products and services, or changes in tax rules and regulations or interpretation thereof related to our products and services, could adversely impact our ability to operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to real-money online casino wagering in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business or in some circumstances, of those jurisdictions in which we offer our product offerings. We are also subject to the general laws and regulations that apply to all e-commerce businesses, such as those related to privacy and personal information, tax and consumer protection. These laws and regulations vary from one jurisdiction to another and future legislative and regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental action, which may be affected by, among other things, political pressures, attitudes and climates, as well as personal biases, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. In particular, some jurisdictions have introduced regulations attempting to restrict or prohibit online gaming, while others have taken the position that online gaming should be licensed and regulated and have adopted or are in the process of considering legislation and regulations to enable that to happen. Additionally, some jurisdictions in which we may operate could presently be unregulated or partially regulated and therefore more susceptible to the enactment or change of laws and regulations. Future legislative and regulatory action, and court decisions or other governmental action, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. Governmental authorities could view us as having violated local laws, despite our efforts to obtain all applicable licenses or approvals. Further, there is risk that governmental authorities or courts could determine that our casino offerings constitute unauthorized gambling or that legislation is enacted in jurisdictions in which we operate casino offerings that makes our casino offerings unauthorized gambling, which could negatively impact our operations and business results. There is also a risk that civil and criminal proceedings, including class actions brought by or on behalf of prosecutors or public entities or incumbent monopoly providers, or private individuals, could be initiated against us, Internet service providers, credit card and other payment processors, financial institutions, advertisers and others involved in the online casino and gaming industries. Such potential proceedings could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets, injunctions or other restrictions being imposed upon us or our licensees or other business partners, while diverting the attention of key executives. Such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as impact our reputation. 12 Table of Contents There can be no assurance that legally enforceable legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially relevant to our business to prohibit, legislate or regulate various aspects of the online casino and retail and online gaming industries (or that existing laws in those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, either as a result of our determination that a jurisdiction should be blocked, or because a local license or approval may be costly for us or our business partners to obtain and/or such licenses or approvals may contain other commercially undesirable conditions. In the United States, the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 (“UIGEA”) prohibits among other things, the acceptance by a business of a wager by means of the Internet where such wager is prohibited by any federal or state law where initiated, received or otherwise made. Under UIGEA severe criminal and civil sanctions may be imposed on the owners and operators of such systems and on financial institutions that process wagering transactions. The law contains a safe harbor for wagers placed within a single state (disregarding intermediate routing of the transmission) where the method of placing the wager and receiving the wager is authorized by that state’s law, provided the underlying regulations establish appropriate age and location verification. The Illegal Gambling Business Act (“IGBA”) makes it a crime to conduct, finance, manage, supervise, direct or own all or part of an “illegal gambling business” and the Travel Act makes it a crime to use the mail or any facility in interstate commerce with the intent to “distribute the proceeds of any unlawful activity,” or “otherwise promote, manage, establish, carry on, or facilitate the promotion, management, establishment, or carrying on, of any unlawful activity.” For there to be a violation of either the IGBA or the Travel Act there must be a violation of underlying state law. Until 2011, there was uncertainty as to whether the Federal Wire Act of 1961 (the “Wire Act”) prohibited states from conducting intrastate lottery transactions via the Internet if such transactions crossed state lines. In late 2011, the Office of Legal Counsel (the “OLC”) of the United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”) issued an opinion which concluded that the prohibitions of the Wire Act were limited to sports gambling and thus did not apply to state lotteries at all (the “2011 DOJ opinion”). Following the issuance of the 2011 DOJ opinion, within the past few years, state-authorized Internet casino gaming has been launched in Delaware, New Jersey and Pennsylvania and has been approved in Michigan and state authorized online poker has been launched in Nevada. In 2018, at the request of the Criminal Division, the OLC reconsidered the 2011 DOJ opinion’s conclusion that the Wire Act was limited to sports gambling. On January 14, 2019, the OLC published a legal opinion dated November 2, 2018 (the “2018 DOJ opinion”), which concluded that the 2011 DOJ opinion had incorrectly interpreted the Wire Act. In the 2018 DOJ opinion, the OLC concluded that the restrictions on the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets and wagers in the Wire Act were not limited to sports gambling but instead applied to all bets and wagers. The OLC also found that the enactment of the UIGEA described above did not modify the scope of the Wire Act. The OLC acknowledged that its conclusion in the 2018 DOJ opinion, which was contrary to the 2011 DOJ opinion, will make it more likely that the executive branch’s view of the law will be tested in the courts. At this time, we are unable to determine whether the 2018 DOJ opinion will be upheld by the courts, or what impact it will have on us or our customers. Our growth prospects depend on the legal status of real-money online casino gaming in various jurisdictions, and legalization may not occur in as many jurisdictions as we expect or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate or may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions or taxes that make it impracticable or less attractive to operate, which could adversely affect our future results of operations and make it more difficult to meet our expectations for financial performance. A number of jurisdictions do not prohibit, have legalized, or are currently considering legalizing, real-money gaming, and our growth, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are significantly dependent upon the legalization of real-money gaming expanding to new jurisdictions. Our business plan is partially based upon real-money gaming becoming legal for a specific percent of the population on a yearly basis; however, this may not occur as we have anticipated. Additionally, if a large number of additional jurisdictions enact real-money gaming legislation and we are unable to obtain or are otherwise delayed in obtaining the necessary licenses to operate online gaming websites in such jurisdictions where such games are legalized, our future growth in online gaming could be materially impaired. As we enter into new jurisdictions, local authorities may legalize real-money online gaming in a manner that is unfavorable to us. As a result, we may encounter legal, regulatory and political challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs associated with the new opportunity. Jurisdictions that have established state-run monopolies may limit opportunities for private sector participants like us. Jurisdictions may also impose substantial tax rates on online gaming revenue. Such taxes would make it more costly and less desirable for us to launch in a given jurisdiction, while tax increases in any of our existing jurisdictions may adversely impact our profitability. Therefore, even in cases in which a jurisdiction purports to license and regulate online gaming, the licensing and regulatory regimes can vary considerably in terms of their business-friendliness and at times may be intended to provide incumbent operators with advantages over new licensees. Therefore, some “liberalized” regulatory regimes are considerably more commercially attractive than others. 13 Table of Contents Failure to comply with regulatory requirements or to successfully obtain a license or permit applied for could adversely impact our ability to comply with licensing and regulatory requirements or to obtain or maintain licenses in other jurisdictions, or could cause financial institutions, online and mobile platforms and distributors to stop providing services to us. Compliance with the various regulations applicable to real-money wagering is costly and time-consuming. Regulatory authorities at the non-United States, United States federal, state and local levels have broad powers with respect to the regulation and licensing of realmoney gaming operations and may revoke, suspend, condition or limit our real-money gaming licenses, impose substantial fines on us and take other actions, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current laws or regulations or enact new laws and regulations regarding these matters. We will strive to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our business. It is possible, however, that these requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules. Noncompliance with any such law or regulations could expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations by private parties and regulatory authorities, as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any real-money gaming license could be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. The loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license or affect our eligibility for such a license in another jurisdiction, and any of such losses, or potential for such loss, could cause us to cease offering some or all of our offerings in the impacted jurisdictions. We may be unable to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience delays related to the licensing process, which could adversely affect our operations. Our delay or failure to obtain or maintain licenses in any jurisdiction may prevent us from distributing our offerings, increasing our customer base and/or generating revenues. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain and maintain the licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our online casino wagering operations. Any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, a gaming regulatory body may refuse to issue or renew a gaming license or restrict or condition the same, based on our past or present activities or our current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or third parties with whom we have relationships, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If additional gaming regulations are adopted in a jurisdiction in which we operate, such regulations could impose restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us. From time to time, various proposals are introduced in the legislatures of some of the jurisdictions in which we have existing or planned operations that, if enacted, could adversely affect our directors, officers, key employees, or other aspects of the company’s operations. To date, we believe we have obtained all governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals necessary for our operations. However, we can give no assurance that any additional licenses, permits and approvals that may be required will be given or that existing ones will be renewed or will not be revoked. Renewal is subject to, among other things, continued satisfaction of suitability requirements of our directors, officers, key employees and stockholders. Any failure to renew or maintain our licenses or to receive new licenses when required would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our inability to continue to conduct gaming operations under license from the Government of Estonia could adversely impact our online gaming operations in various jurisdictions and adversely affect our financial condition and operating cash flows. The loss of our Estonia license could significantly interfere with our online gaming operations, and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating cash flows. Furthermore, in such event, we could be unable to conduct online gaming operations for an indeterminate period of time, and there can be no assurances that we would be able to identify legally sufficient alternatives to be able to conduct our gaming operations at their current levels. 14 Table of Contents In some jurisdictions, our key executives, certain employees or other individuals related to the business will be subject to licensing or compliance requirements. Failure by such individuals to obtain the necessary licenses or comply with individual regulatory obligations could cause the business to be non-compliant with its obligations, or imperil its ability to obtain or maintain licenses necessary for the conduct of the business. As part of obtaining real-money gaming licenses, the responsible gaming authority will generally determine suitability of certain directors, officers and employees and, in some instances, significant stockholders. The criteria used by gaming authorities to make determinations as to who requires a finding of suitability or the suitability of an applicant to conduct gaming operations varies among jurisdictions, but generally requires extensive and detailed application disclosures followed by a thorough investigation. Gaming authorities typically have broad discretion in determining whether an applicant should be found suitable to conduct operations within a given jurisdiction. If any gaming authority with jurisdiction over our business were to find an applicable officer, director, employee or significant stockholder of ours unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to continue having a relationship with us, we would be required to sever our relationship with that person. Furthermore, such gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file required applications. Either result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Data Security We rely on information technology and other systems and platforms, and failures, errors, defects or disruptions therein could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business, affect our ability to scale our technical infrastructure and adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. Our product offerings and other software applications and systems, and certain third-party platforms that we use could contain undetected errors. Our technology infrastructure is critical to the performance of our Platform and product offerings and to user satisfaction. We devote significant resources to network and data security to protect our systems and data. However, our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We cannot assure you that absolute security will be provided by the measures we take to: prevent or hinder cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data and user information; to prevent outages, data or information loss, and fraud; and to prevent or detect security breaches. Such measures include a disaster recovery strategy for server and equipment failure, back-office systems and the use of third parties for certain cybersecurity services. We have experienced, and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. To date, such disruptions, individually and in the aggregate, have not had a material impact us; however, future disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with our computer systems and technological infrastructure, or those of third parties, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. At this stage of our development, our board of directors, as a group, will actively oversee cybersecurity risks and will be committed to the prevention, timely detection and mitigation of the effects of any such incidents on our company’s operations. While our board of directors will oversee cybersecurity risk management, our management will be responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. Our board of directors has tasked our management with the responsibility to manage our cybersecurity initiatives including with respect to our customer data and game suppliers databases. Our board of directors will receive regular reports from management on material cybersecurity risks and the degree of our company’s exposure to those risks. Management will also work with third-party service providers to maintain appropriate controls. While we believe this approach is the most effective approach for addressing our cybersecurity risks at this time we cannot assure that it will be adequate to our evolving growth needs. Additionally, our product offerings may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may become apparent only after their launch and could result in a vulnerability that could compromise the security of our systems. If a particular product offering is unavailable when users attempt to access it or navigation through our platforms is slower than they expect, users may be unable to use our product offerings as desired and may be less likely to return to our platforms as often, if at all. Furthermore, programming errors, defects and data corruption could disrupt our operations, adversely affect the experience of our users, harm our reputation, cause our users to stop utilizing our platforms, divert our resources or delay market acceptance of our product offerings, any of which could result in legal liability to us or harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Insufficient business continuity management could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects, and failure of planned availability and continuity solutions and disaster recovery when activated in response to an incident could result in system interruptions and degradation of service. 15 Table of Contents If our user base and engagement continue to grow, and the amount and types of product offerings continue to grow and evolve, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our users’ needs. Such infrastructure expansion may be complex, and unanticipated delays in completing these projects or availability of components may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our product offerings. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design and implementation, which may become evident only after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software, that could further degrade the user experience or increase our costs. As such, we could fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands. In addition, a lack of resources (e.g., hardware, software, personnel and service providers) could result in an inability to scale our services to meet business needs, system interruptions, degradation of service or operational mistakes. Our business also may be subject to interruptions, delays or failures resulting from adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, cyber-attacks, public health emergencies (such as COVID-19) or other catastrophic events. We believe that if our users have a negative experience with our product offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected, users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our product offerings or to recommend our Platform to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service could harm our reputation, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, other loss or theft of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, disruption of our operations and the services we provide to users, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products and services, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The secure maintenance and transmission of user information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit user information, or the systems of third-party service providers and business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or the network security of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees, or the actions or inactions of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our users’ information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without such users’ consent. We have experienced attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents in the past. For example, we have been and expect that we will continue to be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop for our customers, whether by our employees or third parties, including phishing attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. To date these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have a material impact in the future, including by overloading our systems and network and preventing our product offering from being accessed by legitimate users. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information from being breached or compromised. In addition, websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing and credential stuffing. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect or prevent all attempts to breach our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by our websites, networks and systems or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including payment card systems, which may subject us to fines or higher transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to certain payment methods. We and such third parties may not anticipate or prevent all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. In addition, security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or by third parties. These risks may increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and applications we use also increases. Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cybersecurity incidents could result in: unauthorized access to our sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of user information, including users’ personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; or litigation, regulatory action and other potential liabilities. In the past, the online gaming industry has experienced social engineering, phishing, malware and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service attacks, none of which to date have been material to our business; however, such attacks could in the future have a material adverse effect on our operations. If any of these breaches of security should occur and be material, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. 16 Table of Contents In addition, any party who is able illicitly to obtain a user’s password could access the user’s transaction data or personal information, resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data protection, data security, network and information systems security and other laws and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We continue to devote significant resources to protect against security breaches or we may need to in the future to address problems caused by breaches, including notifying affected users and responding to any resulting litigation, which in turn, diverts resources from the growth and expansion of our business. Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, the confidentiality of our trade secrets and confidential information, or the costs involved in such enforcement could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We rely on trademark, copyright, trade secret and domain-name-protection laws to protect our rights in intellectual property. However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our rights in intellectual property, third parties may challenge intellectual property rights held by us, and pending and future trademark may not be approved. In any of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense to prevent infringement of or to enforce our rights. Notwithstanding our intellectual property rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products or services that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States or other countries in which we operate or intend to operate our business. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective, and any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. If we are unable to protect our proprietary offerings and features, competitors may reverse engineer and/or copy them. Additionally, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual property or disclosure of our confidential information or trade secrets could make it more expensive to do business, thereby harming our operating results. Furthermore, if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our product offerings and services. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our collection, storage and use, including sharing and international transfers, of personal data are subject to applicable data protection and privacy laws, and any actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws may harm our reputation and business or expose us to fines, civil claims (including class actions), and other enforcement action. The protection of personal information is becoming increasingly regulated and changes in applicable laws may require changes to our policies, practices, procedures and personnel which may require material expenditures and harm our financial condition and results of operations. We are, and will increasingly become as we seek to expand our business, subject to numerous domestic and foreign laws, regulations, rules and standards, as well as associated industry standards, policies and contractual or other obligations, relating to the collection, use, storage, safeguarding, retention, security, destruction, disclosure, transfer, and/or other processing of personal data (collectively, “Processing”) in the jurisdictions in which we operate (collectively, “Data Protection Requirements”). These Data Protection Requirements often vary significantly by jurisdiction. While we have taken steps to comply with Data Protection Requirements, we cannot assure you that our efforts to achieve and remain in compliance have been and/or will continue to be, fully successful. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with any such Data Protection Requirements, this could result in enforcement actions against us that could include investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, temporary or permanent bans on all or some Processing of personal data or orders to destroy or not use personal data. Further, individuals or other relevant stakeholders could bring a variety of claims against us for our actual or perceived failure to comply with the Data Protection Requirements. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, and could lead to a loss of actual or prospective customers, collaborators or partners; result in an inability to Process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limit our ability to develop or commercialize current or prospective offerings or services; or require us to revise or restructure our operations. For example, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies to any Processing operations carried out in the context of the activities of an establishment in the EEA, as well as to any other Processing operations relating to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EEA and/or the monitoring of individuals’ behavior in the EEA. Also, notwithstanding the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU, by operation of the so called ‘UK GDPR’ (i.e., the GDPR as it continues to form part of the law of the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as subsequently amended) (“UK GDPR”) the GDPR continues to apply in substantially equivalent form to Processing operations carried out in the context of the activities of an establishment in the United Kingdom and any other Processing relating to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the United Kingdom and/or monitoring of individuals’ behavior in the United Kingdom. Consequently, any reference we make to the GDPR also refers to the UK GDPR in the context of the United Kingdom, unless the context indicates otherwise. 17 Table of Contents The GDPR further provides that EEA Member States may introduce specific, supplementary requirements related to the Processing of “special categories of personal data”; as well as personal data related to criminal offences or convictions. In the United Kingdom, the UK Data Protection Act 2018 complements the UK GDPR in this regard. This fact may lead to greater divergence on the law that applies to the Processing of such personal data across the EEA and/or United Kingdom, which may increase our costs and overall compliance risk. The GDPR and such supplementary requirements impose stringent data privacy and security requirements. In particular, the GDPR imposes several requirements relating to ensuring there is a lawful basis for Processing personal data, extends the rights of individuals to whom the personal data relates, materially expands the definition of what is expressly noted to constitute personal data, requires additional disclosures about how personal data is to be used, imposes limitations on retention of personal data, imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EEA/UK to most third countries, creates mandatory data breach notification requirements in certain circumstances and establishes onerous new obligations on service providers, or processors, who Process personal data simply on behalf of others. It also significantly increased penalties for noncompliance. Additionally, following the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union on January 31, 2020 and end of the post-Brexit transition period on December 31, 2020, as noted above, the United Kingdom has introduced the UK GDPR which currently makes the privacy regimes of the EEA and United Kingdom similar, though it is possible that either the European Union, and consequently those further states that make up the remainder of the EEA, or United Kingdom could elect to change their approach and create differences in legal requirements and regulation in this area. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission issued an adequacy decision under the GDPR which allows transfers (other than those carried out for the purposes of United Kingdom immigration control) of personal data from the EEA to the United Kingdom to continue without restriction for a period of four years ending June 27, 2025. These decisions were renewed in late 2025 following a review, extending the adequacy status until December 27, 2031. After that period, the adequacy decision may be renewed, however, only if the United Kingdom continues to ensure an adequate level of data protection. During these four years, the European Commission will continue to monitor the legal situation in the United Kingdom and could intervene at any point if the United Kingdom deviates from the level of data protection in place at the time of issuance of the adequacy decision. If the adequacy decision is withdrawn or not renewed, transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United Kingdom will require a valid ‘transfer mechanism’ and we may be required to implement new processes and put new agreements in place (such as the then-current form of the European Commission-issued Standard Contractual Clauses), to enable transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United Kingdom to continue. We are also subject to the Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2017 (as amended) (the “Guernsey DP Law”), which largely follows GDPR and requires us to control and process personal data only for proper purposes and in accordance with statutory data protection principles, and the Data Protection Law of Colombia, which requires the consent of the customer to their data being transmitted outside of Colombia. Because our products and services rely on the movement of data across national boundaries, global privacy and data security concerns could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit sales of our products and/ or services globally. In particular, European data protection laws, such as the GDPR, generally prohibit the transfer of personal data from the EEA, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States, and most other countries, known as ‘third countries’, in respect of which the European Commission or other relevant regulatory body has not issued a so-called ‘adequacy decision’, unless the parties to the transfer have implemented specific safeguards to protect the transferred personal data. One of the primary safeguards used for transfers of personal data to the United States was the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield framework administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union, or CJEU, in a decision known as ’Schrems II’, invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA and the United Kingdom to U.S. entities that had self-certified under the Privacy Shield. To align with the CJEU’s decision in respect of the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, on September 8, 2020, the UK government similarly invalidated the use of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as a mechanism for lawful personal data transfers from the United Kingdom to the United States under the UK GDPR and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner announced that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield regime was also inadequate for the purposes of personal data transfers from Switzerland to the U.S. entities who had self-certified under the Swiss Privacy Shield. The CJEU Schrems II decision mentioned above also cast doubt on the ability to use one of the primary alternatives to the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, namely, the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, lawfully to transfer personal data to the United States and most other third countries. 18 Table of Contents On June 4, 2021, the European Commission published new versions of the Standard Contractual Clauses. These must be used for all new transfers of personal data from the EEA to third countries starting September 27, 2021, and all existing transfers of personal data from the EEA to third countries relying on the existing versions of the Standard Contractual Clauses must be replaced by December 27, 2022. A transition period set for the adoption of the updated standard clauses ended on December 27, 2022. The implementation of the new Standard Contractual Clauses will necessitate significant contractual overhaul of our data transfer arrangements with partners, sub-processors and vendors. Use of both the existing and the new Standard Contractual Clauses must, following the Schrems II decision, now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals, and additional supplementary technical, organizational and/or contractual measures and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place; however, the nature of these additional measures is currently uncertain. At present, there are few if any viable alternatives to the Privacy Shield and the Standard Contractual Clauses and there remains some uncertainty with respect to the nature and efficacy of such supplementary measures in ensuring an adequate level of protection of personal data. As such, our transfers of personal data to third countries may not comply with European data protection laws and may increase our exposure to the GDPR’s heightened sanctions for breaching of its cross-border data protection rule, including fines of up to 4% of annual global revenue or €20 million ($21.2 million), or 4% of annual global revenue of the preceding year, whichever is higher, and injunctions against transfers. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the Standard Contractual Clauses can and cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate and/or engage providers and/or otherwise transfer personal data, it could affect the manner in which we receive and/or provide services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results and generally increase compliance risk. Additionally, other countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of operating our business. In recent years, U.S. and European lawmakers and regulators have expressed concern over electronic marketing and the use of third-party cookies, web beacons and similar technology for online behavioral advertising. On June 20, 2019, the U.K.’s Information Commissioner (the “ICO”) published a report setting out its views on advertising technology, specifically the use of personal data in “real time bidding”, and the key privacy compliance challenges arising from it. In its report, which is a status update rather than formal guidance, several key deficiencies were noted and marked for formal regulatory action. However, in May 2020, the ICO paused its investigation into real time bidding and the advertising technology industry, as it sought to prioritize activities responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. The ICO’s investigation resumed in January 2021. We are likely to be required to expend further capital and other resources to ensure compliance with the findings of the ICO’s report on advertising technology, and any relevant changing laws and regulations. While we have numerous mitigation controls in place, advertisements produced by us may be erroneously served on websites that are not suitable for the advertising content of a casino (e.g., websites predominantly aimed at children). There is also a risk that such advertisements are viewed by people who do not want to view them, or who have taken measures not to receive them (for example, individuals on “self-exclusion” lists). In each case this may have adverse legal and reputational effects on our business. In the EU, rules relating to electronic direct marketing are currently set out in the ePrivacy Directive, which is likely to be replaced by a new ePrivacy Regulation. While no official time frame has been given for the ePrivacy Regulation, there will be a transition period after the ePrivacy Regulation is agreed for compliance. As of the date of this Annual Report it is still undergoing legislative processes and has not been officially adopted by the EU. The ePrivacy Regulation will be directly implemented into the laws of each of the EU Member States, without the need for further enactment. When implemented, the ePrivacy Regulation is expected to alter rules on thirdparty cookies, web beacons and similar technology for online behavioral advertising and to impose stricter requirements on companies using these tools. Regulation of cookies and web beacons may lead to broader restrictions on our online activities, including efforts to understand followers’ Internet usage and promote ourselves to them. The current draft of the ePrivacy Regulation significantly increases fining powers to the same levels as the GDPR. Given the delay in finalizing the ePrivacy Regulation, certain regulators have issued guidance (including ICO and French data protection regulators) on the requirement to seek strict opt-in, unbundled consent to use all nonessential cookies and similar technologies and the requirement to increase the standard of transparency relating to use of cookies and similar technologies. Our cookie consent management functionality and cookies notices may not meet the standards outlined in such guidance. In the United States, the federal government, including Congress, the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, has announced that it is reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination, and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. Numerous states have enacted or are in the process of enacting state level data privacy laws and regulations governing the collection, use, and processing of state residents’ personal data. 19 Table of Contents For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA establishes a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance related costs and expenses. The CCPA provides new and enhanced data privacy rights to California residents, such as affording consumers the right to access and delete their information and to opt out of certain sharing and sales of personal information. The law also prohibits covered businesses from discriminating against consumers (for example, charging more for services) for exercising any of their CCPA rights. The CCPA imposes severe statutory penalties for certain violations of the law as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action is expected to increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. It remains unclear how various provisions of the CCPA will be interpreted and enforced. In November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (“CPRA”). The CPRA further expands the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements that may impact our business, and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. The Stop Hacks and Improve Electronic Data Security Act, otherwise known as the SHIELD Act, is a New York State bill, the data protection portions of which became effective on March 23, 2020. The SHIELD Act requires companies to adopt reasonable safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of private information. A company should implement a data security program containing specific measures, including risk assessments, employee training, vendor contracts, and timely data disposal. Laws like the SHIELD Act, the CPRA and the CCPA may lead other states to pass comparable legislation, with potentially greater penalties, and more rigorous compliance requirements relevant to our business. For example, Virginia has enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act and Colorado has enacted the Colorado Privacy Act, each of which may impose obligations similar to or more stringent than those we may face under other data protection laws. Compliance with any newly enacted privacy and data security laws or regulations may be challenging and cost and time-intensive, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to comply with applicable legal requirements. Although we have implemented certain policies and procedures, and continue to review and improve such policies and procedures, that are designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, if our privacy or data security measures fail, or are perceived to have failed, to comply with applicable current or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to fines, litigation, regulatory investigations and penalties (including potential suspension or loss of licensure), enforcement notices requiring us to change the way we use personal data or our marketing practices or other liabilities such as compensation claims by individuals affected by a personal data breach, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss of business. Fines are significant in some countries (e.g., the GDPR introduced fines of up to €20 million or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual revenue of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher) as well as litigation, compensation claims by affected individuals (including class action type litigation where individuals suffer harm), regulatory investigations and enforcement notices that could require us to change the way we use personal data. Our processing of cardholder data is subject, in addition to data protection and privacy laws, to strict industry standards and security procedures. Compliance with the requirements to process cardholder data can be onerous and may require the implementation of new procedures, policies and security measures or the amendment of existing ones which may require material expenditures and harm our financial condition and results of operations. Any actual or perceived failure to comply may result in the inability to process payments, monetary penalties and reputational damages which may require material expenditures and harm our financial condition and results of operations. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) applies to the processing of cardholder data. PCI DSS consists of a set of policies and procedures intended to enhance the security of cardholder data during card transactions. PCI DSS was implemented by the five largest credit card brands—Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, JCB. Compliance in this regard is important as we do process cardholder data. Where there is actual or perceived non-compliance with PCI DSS, this may result in our inability to process payments, monetary penalties and reputational damage. As part of PCI DSS compliance, we are required to undertake internal and external network vulnerability scans at least quarterly and after any significant change in the network and to carry out a formal risk assessment process at least annually and upon significant changes to the environment that identifies critical assets, threats, and vulnerabilities. Where such scans reveal any lack of compliance, the Company will take appropriate steps to ensure compliance in accordance with the relevant and applicable policies and procedures. We will rely on licenses and service agreements to use the intellectual property rights of third parties which are incorporated into or used in our products and services. Failure to renew or expand existing licenses or service agreements may require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain product offerings, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We rely on products, technologies and intellectual property that we license or that are made available to us through service agreements from third parties, for use in our B2B, B2B2C and B2C offerings. Substantially all of our product offerings and services use intellectual property licensed or made available to us through service agreements from third parties. The future success of our business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses or service agreements for certain technologies. We cannot assure that these third-party licenses and services agreements, or support for the technologies licensed or provided to us thereunder, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing licenses or services agreements, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the product offerings that include or incorporate the licensed or provided technology. 20 Table of Contents Some of our license agreements contain minimum guaranteed royalty payments to the third party. Individually and in the aggregate, these minimum guaranteed royalty payments are immaterial to our operations. Our license agreements generally allow for transferability in the event of a strategic transaction but contain some limited termination rights related to the transfer. Certain of our license agreements grant the licensor rights to audit our use of their intellectual property. Disputes with licensors over uses or terms could result in the payment of additional royalties or penalties by us, cancellation or non-renewal of the underlying license or litigation. The regulatory review process and licensing requirements also may preclude us from using technologies owned or developed by third parties if those parties are unwilling to subject themselves to regulatory review or do not meet regulatory requirements. Some gaming authorities require gaming manufacturers to obtain approval before engaging in certain transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers, reorganizations, financings, stock offerings and share repurchases. Obtaining such approvals can be costly and time consuming, and we cannot assure that such approvals will be granted or that the approval process will not result in delays or disruptions to our strategic objectives. Risks Related to our Third-Party Vendor Relationships We rely on third-party providers to validate the identity and location of our users, and if such providers fail to perform adequately or provide accurate information or we do not maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. There is no guarantee that the third-party geolocation and identity verification systems that we rely on perform adequately or will be effective. We rely on our geolocation and identity verification systems to ensure we are in compliance with certain laws and regulations, and any service disruption to those systems would prohibit us from operating our Platform and would adversely affect our business. Additionally, incorrect or misleading geolocation and identity verification data with respect to current or potential users received from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently allowing access to our product offerings to individuals who should not be permitted to access them, or otherwise inadvertently deny access to individuals who should be able to access our product offerings, in each case based on inaccurate identity or geographic location determination. Our third-party geolocation services provider relies on its ability to obtain information necessary to determine geolocation from mobile devices, operating systems and other sources. Changes, disruptions or temporary or permanent failure to access such sources by our third-party services providers may result in their inability to accurately determine the location of our users. Moreover, our inability to maintain our existing contracts with third-party services providers, or to replace them with equivalent third parties, may result in our inability to access geolocation and identity verification data necessary for our day-to-day operations. If any of these risks materialize, we may be subject to disciplinary action, fines, lawsuits, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. We rely on other third-party service and content providers (including online slot and other game providers) and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with us, our costs may increase and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. Our success depends in part on our relationships with third-party service providers. We also rely on third parties for content delivery (such as online slots), load balancing and protection against distributed denial-of-service attacks. If those providers do not perform adequately, our users may experience issues or interruptions with their experiences, and we may be held responsible by gaming regulators for the errors of third-party content providers. Furthermore, if any of our third-party service or data providers terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate provider, and as consolidation in the industries in which we operate continues to occur, if any of our third-party service providers is acquired by a competitor, we may need to find an alternate provider, and in each case we may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such providers in an acceptable time frame. We also rely on other software and services supplied by third parties, such as communications and internal software, and our business may be adversely affected to the extent such software and services do not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, are compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, any negative publicity related to any of our third-party service providers, including any publicity related to regulatory concerns or allegations of bad or unethical actions undertaken by any of our third-party service providers, could adversely affect our reputation and brand, result in us severing our relationship with such third-party service provider and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 21 Table of Contents We incorporate technology from third-party vendors into our platform. We cannot be certain that these vendors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of others or that they have sufficient rights to such technology in all jurisdictions in which we may operate. Some of our material license and services agreements with third party vendors allow the vendor to terminate for convenience. If we are unable to obtain or maintain rights to any of this technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our vendors or against us, if our third party vendors terminate any license or services agreements, or if we are unable to continue to obtain the technology or enter into new agreements on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to develop our Platform or product offerings containing that technology could be severely limited and our business could be harmed. Additionally, if we are unable to obtain necessary technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternate technology, which may require significant time, effort and skillsets that we currently do not have, and may be of lower quality or performance standards. This would limit and delay our ability to provide new or competitive product offerings and increase our costs. If alternate technology cannot be obtained or developed, we may not be able to offer certain functionality as part of our product offerings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If Internet and other technology-based service providers experience service interruptions, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. A substantial portion of our network infrastructure is provided by third parties, including Internet service providers and other technology-based service providers. We use technology-based service providers such as CloudFlare to mitigate any distributed denialof-service attacks. However, if Internet service providers experience service interruptions, including because of cyber- attacks, or due to an event causing an unusually high volume of Internet use (such as a pandemic or public health emergency like COVID-19), communications over the Internet may be interrupted and impair our ability to conduct our business. Internet service providers and other technology-based service providers may in the future roll out upgraded or new mobile or other telecommunications services, such as 5G or 6G services, which may not be successful and thus may impact the ability of our users to access our Platform or product offerings in a timely fashion or at all. In addition, our ability to process e-commerce transactions depends on bank processing and credit card systems. To prepare for system problems, we continuously seek to strengthen and enhance our current facilities and the capabilities of our system infrastructure and support. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the Internet infrastructure or our own network systems will continue to be able to meet the demand placed on us by the continued growth of the Internet, the overall online gaming industry and our users. Any difficulties these providers face, including the potential of certain network traffic receiving priority over other traffic (i.e., lack of net neutrality), may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. Any system failure as a result of reliance on third parties, such as network, software or hardware failure, including as a result of cyber-attacks, which causes a loss of our users’ property or personal information or a delay or interruption in our online services and products and e-commerce services, including our ability to handle existing or increased traffic, could result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interruptions to our Platform and product offerings, cause us to incur significant legal, remediation and notification costs, degrade the customer experience and cause users to lose confidence in our product offerings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We have relied on the customer lead generation services provided to us by Spike Up Media, an affiliate. The loss of those services or changes in terms by which those services are provided to us could result in slower growth, reduced gross profit margins or operating losses any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We have mitigated this dependency through internal staffing and by working with other lead generators. Our initial payment arrangements with Spike Up Media for lead generation were at favorable rates to us resulting in more rapid payback of customer acquisition costs than we might otherwise expect from leads generated by other unaffiliated providers. Since March 2023, our arrangement for lead generation with Spike Up has changed to market rates which results in our having lower gross operating margins. Our current agreement with Spike Up Media allows for termination by either party at any time without penalty. If we were to lose the relationship with Spike Up our iCasino operations may suffer and we could experience a material negative impact on revenue and gross profit. Our growth will depend, in part, on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. Overreliance on certain third parties, or our inability to extend existing relationships or agree to new relationships may cause unanticipated costs for us and impact our financial performance in the future. We rely, and we expect to continue to rely, on relationships with third parties in order to attract users to our platform which is common practice in our industry. These relationships along with providers of online services, search engines, social media, directories and other websites and ecommerce businesses direct consumers to our online platform. While we believe there are other third parties that could drive users to our platform, adding or transitioning to them may disrupt our business and increase our costs. In the event that any of our existing relationships or our future relationships fails to provide services to us in accordance with the terms of our arrangement, or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, this could impact our ability to attract consumers cost effectively and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Affiliate Arrangements We have arrangements with our affiliates that impact our operations. We have engaged, and may in the future engage, in transactions with affiliates, such as Spike Up Media, Ellmount Interactive and other related parties, to operate online gaming. While an effort has been made and will continue to be made to obtain services from affiliated persons and other related parties at rates and on terms that are at least as favorable as would be charged by others, if that were not to be achieved in the future that could have a negative impact on our operations. If we engage in related party transactions on unfavorable terms, our operating results will be negatively impacted. Risks Related to our Liquidity and Capital Resources We may require additional capital to support our growth plans, and that capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. We intend to make significant investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new product offerings and features or enhance our existing platform, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses, personnel and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. Our ability to obtain additional capital, if and when required, will depend on our business plans, investor demand, our operating performance, capital markets conditions and other factors. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity, equity-linked or debt securities, such as preferred stock as authorized by our Charter, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our currently issued and outstanding equity or debt, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain additional capital when required, or on satisfactory terms, our ability to continue to support our business growth or to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances could be adversely affected, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be harmed. We may invest in or acquire other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable successfully to integrate acquired businesses into our company or otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions. As part of our business strategy, we may make acquisitions as opportunities arise to add new or complementary businesses, products, brands or technologies. In some cases, the costs of such acquisitions may be substantial, including as a result of professional fees and due diligence efforts. There is no assurance that the time and resources expended on pursuing a particular acquisition will result in a completed transaction, or that any completed transaction will ultimately be successful. In addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition or strategic investment opportunities or may be unable to obtain any required financing or regulatory approvals, and therefore may be unable to complete such acquisitions or strategic investments on favorable terms, if at all. We may decide to pursue acquisitions with which our investors may not agree and we cannot assure investors that any acquisition or investment will be successful or otherwise provide a favorable return on investment. In addition, acquisitions and the integration thereof require significant time and resources and place significant demands on our management, as well as on our operational and financial infrastructure. In addition, if we fail to successfully close transactions or integrate new teams, or integrate the products and technologies associated with these acquisitions into our company, our business could be seriously harmed. Acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and risks, including:  the ability to profitably manage acquired businesses or successfully integrate the acquired businesses’ operations, personnel, financial reporting, accounting and internal controls, technologies and products into our business;  increased indebtedness and the expense of integrating acquired businesses, including significant administrative, operational, economic, geographic or cultural challenges in managing and integrating the expanded or combined operations;  entry into jurisdictions or acquisition of products or technologies with which we have limited or no prior experience, and the potential of increased competition with new or existing competitors as a result of such acquisitions;  diversion of management’s attention and the over-extension of our operating infrastructure and our management systems, information technology systems, and internal controls and procedures, which may be inadequate to support growth;  the ability to fund our capital needs and any cash flow shortages that may occur if anticipated revenue is not realized or is delayed, whether by general economic or market conditions, or unforeseen internal difficulties; and  the ability to retain or hire qualified personnel required for expanded operations. Our acquisition strategy may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. Issuing shares of our stock to fund an acquisition would cause economic dilution to existing stockholders. If we develop a reputation for being a difficult acquirer or having an unfavorable work environment, or target companies view our shares of capital stock unfavorably, we may be unable to consummate key acquisition transactions essential to our corporate strategy and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be seriously harmed. 23 Table of Contents If we raise capital in the future by issuing shares of common or preferred stock or other equity or equity-linked securities, convertible debt or other hybrid equity securities, then-existing stockholders may experience dilution, such new securities may have rights senior to those of the Company ’ s common stock, and the market price of the Company ’ s common stock may be adversely affected. If the Company raises capital in the future, then existing stockholders may experience dilution. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. The Board may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the shares of common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. The issuance of any such securities may have the impact of adversely affecting the market price of the Company’s common stock. We are a holding company that have no material assets other than the ownership of our operating subsidiaries. We depend on distributions from these subsidiaries. If these distributions are inadequate, we may be unable to pay our taxes and other expenses. We are a holding company that have no material assets other than its ownership interests in Interstellar Entertainment, Lunar Ventures, and Ellmount Entertainment Ltd. The Company is not expected to have independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and its ability to pay its taxes, operating expenses, and pay any dividends in the future, if any, will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of its High Roller, Fruta, Casino Room, and other domain operations. There can be no assurance that these operations will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to the Company or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants under debt instruments will permit such distributions. If these operations do not distribute sufficient funds to the Company to pay its taxes or other liabilities, the Company may default on contractual obligations or have to borrow funds. In the event that the Company is required to borrow funds, our liquidity may be adversely affected which could subject us to additional restrictions imposed by lenders. Increases in the Company ’ s income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with U.S. and foreign tax authorities can adversely affect the Company ’ s business, financial condition or results of operations. Increases in the Company’s income tax rates or other changes in income tax laws in the United States or any particular jurisdiction in which the Company operates could reduce its after-tax income from such jurisdiction and adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. Existing tax laws in the United States have been and could in the future be subject to significant change. For example, in December 2017, the TCJA was signed into law in the United States which provided for significant changes to then-existing tax laws and additional guidance issued by the IRS pursuant to the TCJA may continue to impact the Company in future periods. Additional changes in the United States tax regime, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, can adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company will also be subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income-based taxes. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which the Company operates, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can differ from the Company’s historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. If the revenue generated by our iCasino operations does not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. Fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to our initial public offering in October 2024, there was no public market for the securities of High Roller. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to the Company may not be indicative of the price that will ultimately prevail in the trading market and, even if an active market for the Company’s securities develops and continues, the trading price of its securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in the Company’s securities and the Company’s securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of the Company’s securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 24 Table of Contents Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include:  actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;  fluctuations and volatility in the currencies in which we conduct our operations as compared to the U.S. dollar, our reporting currency;  changes in the market’s expectations about our operating results;  success of competitors;  our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period;  changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Company or the industries in which we operate in general;  operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us;  our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis;  changes in laws and regulations affecting our business;  commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Company;  changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt;  the volume of shares of our common stock available for public sale;  any major change in our Board or management;  sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and  general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of the Company’s securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, and NYSE American in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of the Company’s securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to the Company could depress the Company’s stock price regardless of its business, prospects, financial conditions, or results of operations. A decline in the market price of the Company’s securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and its ability to obtain additional financing in the future. A significant portion of our total outstanding securities are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. Sales of a substantial number of shares of the common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of the common stock. While members of our management and certain shareholders have agreed to be subject to certain restrictions regarding the transfer of the common stock, these shares may be sold after the expiration of the applicable lock-up restrictions. We may file one or more registration statements to provide for the resale of such shares from time to time. As restrictions on resale end and the registration statements are available for use, the market price of the common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation may inhibit a takeover of the Company, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our securities and could entrench management. Our Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include the ability of the Board to designate the terms of, and issue new series of, preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. General

