TICKER: RPRX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supplier deficiencies. The manufacture of products generating our royalties is typically complex and is highly regulated. In particular, biopharmaceutical products are manufactured in specialized facilities that require the approval of, and ongoing regulation by, the FDA in the United States and, if manufactured outside of the United States, both the FDA and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, such as the MHRA and the EMA. With respect to a product, to the extent that operational standards set by such agencies are not adhered to, manufacturing facilities may be closed or production interrupted until such time as any deficiencies noted by such agencies are remedied. Any such closure or interruption may interrupt, for an indefinite period of time, the manufacture and distribution of a product and therefore the cash flows from the related biopharmaceutical asset may be significantly less than expected. 24 In addition, manufacturers of a product may rely on third parties for selected aspects of product development, such as packaging or to supply bulk raw material used in the manufacture of such product. In the United States, the FDA requires that all suppliers of pharmaceutical bulk materials and all manufacturers of pharmaceuticals for sale in or from the United States adhere to the FDA’s current “Good Manufacturing Practice” regulations and guidelines and similar requirements that exist in jurisdictions outside the United States. Marketers of biopharmaceutical products generally rely on a small number of key, highly specialized suppliers, manufacturers and packagers. Any interruptions, however minimal, in the operation of these manufacturing and packaging facilities could adversely affect production and product sales and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Product liability claims may diminish the returns on biopharmaceutical products. The developer, manufacturer or marketer of a product could become subject to product liability claims. A product liability claim, regardless of its merits, could adversely affect the sales of the product and the amount of any related royalty payments and could even adversely affect the ability of a payor to make payments with respect to a royalty. Although we believe that we will not bear responsibility in the event of a product liability claim against the developer, manufacturer, marketer or other seller of a product that generates our royalty, any such product liability claims against us could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are typically not involved in maintaining, enforcing and defending patent rights on products that generate our royalties. Our right to receive royalties generally depends on the existence of valid and enforceable claims of registered or issued patents in the United States and elsewhere in the world. The products on which we receive payments are dependent on patent protection and on the fact that the manufacturing, marketing and selling of such products do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property rights of third parties. Typically, we have no ability to control the prosecution, maintenance, enforcement or defense of patent rights, but must rely on the willingness and ability of our partners or their marketers to do so. There can be no assurance that these third parties will vigorously prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend such rights. Even if such third parties seek to prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend such rights, they may not be successful. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has been the subject of much litigation. Furthermore, changes in patent laws or interpretation of patent laws in the United States and in other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties surrounding the successful prosecution of patent applications and the successful enforcement or defense of issued patents by our partners, all of which could diminish the value of patent protection relating to the biopharmaceutical assets. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of the patent rights of our partners and their marketers are highly uncertain. In addition, such third parties’ pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect their products, development-stage product candidates and technologies or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products, development-stage product candidates and technologies. Moreover, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if the patent applications our partners and their marketers license or own do issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide them with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with them or otherwise provide them with any competitive advantage. Competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent patents of our partners and their marketers by developing similar or alternative products in a non-infringing manner. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit the ability of our partners and their marketers from preventing others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of their products, development-stage product candidates and technologies. Any loss or reduction in the scope or duration of patent protection for any product that generates our royalties, or any failure to successfully prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend any patents that protect any such product may result in a decrease in the sales of such product and any associated royalties payable to us. Any such event would adversely affect the ability of the payor to make payments of royalties to us or may otherwise reduce the value of our royalties, and could consequently adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In cases where our contractual arrangements with our partner permit us to do so, we could participate in patent suits brought by third parties but this could result in substantial litigation costs, divert management’s attention from our core business and there can be no assurance that such suits would be successful. 25 The existence of third-party patents in relation to products may result in additional costs for the marketer and reduce the amount of royalties paid to us. The commercial success of a product depends, in part, on avoiding infringement, misappropriation or other violations of the intellectual property rights and proprietary technologies of others. Third-party issued patents or patent applications claiming subject matter necessary or useful to manufacture and market a product could exist or issue in the future. Such third-party patents or patent applications may include claims directed to the composition, manufacturing, mechanism of action, dosing or other unique features of a product. There can be no assurance that a license would be available to marketers for such subject matter if such infringement were to exist or, if offered, would be offered on reasonable or commercially feasible terms. Without such a license, it may be possible for third parties to assert infringement or other intellectual property claims against the marketer of such product based on such patents or other intellectual property rights. Even if the marketer was able to obtain a license to the intellectual property rights and proprietary technologies of others, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving its competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies. In addition, if a marketer of a product that generates our royalties is required to obtain a license from a third party, the marketer may, in some instances, have the right to offset the licensing and royalty payments to such third party against royalties that would be owed to our partner, which may ultimately reduce the value of our royalty interest. An adverse outcome in infringement or other intellectual property-related proceedings could subject a marketer to significant liabilities to third parties, require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties or require the marketer to cease or modify its manufacturing, marketing and distribution of any affected product, any of which could reduce the amount of cash flow generated by the affected products and any associated royalties payable to us and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Disclosure of trade secrets of marketers of products could negatively affect the competitive position of the products underlying our biopharmaceutical assets. The marketers of the products that generate our royalties depend, in part, on trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protected by patents, to maintain the products’ competitive position. This information is typically protected through confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to such information, such as collaborative partners, licensors, employees and consultants. Any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose the confidential information or competitors might independently develop or learn of the information in some other way, which could harm the competitive position of the products and therefore reduce the amount of cash flow generated by our royalties. Our board of directors may make decisions with respect to the cash generated from our operations that may result in our not paying dividends or not repurchasing our ordinary shares. Our board of directors is under no obligation to pay dividends, make distributions or repurchase our ordinary shares and it may decide to use cash to fund asset acquisitions or operations in lieu of paying dividends, making distributions or repurchasing our ordinary shares. We will pay Equity Performance Awards to Mr. Legorreta and certain employees based on our Net Economic Profit regardless of whether any dividends are paid to our shareholders or any ordinary shares are repurchased. Our board of directors’ decisions with respect to our cash may result in our not paying dividends or not repurchasing our ordinary shares. Our board of directors’ decisions with respect to dividends or repurchases of ordinary shares may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. If we generate positive income, but pay limited or no dividends, holders of Class A ordinary shares may have tax liability on their income in excess of the actual cash dividends received by such holders. The royalties that we acquire may fall outside the biopharmaceutical industry, and any such assets, and the cash flows therefrom, may not resemble the assets in our current portfolio. We have discretion as to the types of assets that we may acquire. While we expect to acquire assets that primarily fall within the biopharmaceutical industry, we are not obligated to do so and may acquire other types of assets that are peripheral to or outside of the biopharmaceutical industry. Consequently, our asset acquisitions in the future, and the cash flows from such assets, may not resemble those of the assets in our current portfolio. We may have limited experience acquiring assets that are peripheral to or outside of the biopharmaceutical industry. There can be no assurance that assets acquired in the future will have returns similar to the returns expected of the assets in our current portfolio or be profitable at all. 26 Risks Relating to Our Organization and Structure We are a holding company and rely on cash generated by our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations. We are a holding company with no material direct operations. Our principal asset is our controlling equity interest in RP Holdings. As a result, we depend on loans, dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations and to pay dividends, make distributions to our shareholders and repurchase shares. Our subsidiaries are legally distinct from us and may be subject to contractual, legal, regulatory, financial or other restrictions that limit their ability to provide funds to us. If the cash we receive from our subsidiaries is insufficient to meet our financial obligations, we may be required to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, the issuance of equity or the sale of assets. However, there is no assurance that we would be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all. Any limitation on the ability our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise make funds available to us could adversely affect our business, financial condition and ability to pay dividends, make distributions to our shareholders or repurchase shares. Our structure will result in tax distributions as a result of the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest. RP Holdings is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and has owners that are subject to U.S. federal income taxation. RP Holdings is required to make distributions of cash to the direct owner or beneficial owners of the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest to cover such owner’s taxes, calculated using an assumed tax rate that is generally uniform for all recipients regardless of their individual tax status. The cash used by RP Holdings to satisfy these tax distribution obligations will not be available for reinvestment in our business, dividends or share repurchases. Our ability to pay periodic dividends to our shareholders or make share repurchases may be limited by applicable provisions of English law and contractual restrictions and obligations. Under English law, we will only be able to declare dividends, make distributions or repurchase shares (other than out of the proceeds of a new issuance of shares for that purpose) out of profits available for distribution. Profits available for distribution are accumulated, realized profits, to the extent that they have not been previously utilized by distribution or capitalization, less its accumulated, realized losses, to the extent that they have not been previously written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital duly made. The amount of our distributable reserves is a cumulative calculation. We may be profitable in a single financial year but unable to pay a dividend or make share repurchases if our accumulated, realized profits do not offset all previous years’ accumulated, realized losses. Additionally, we may only make a distribution if our net assets are not less than the amount of our aggregate called-up share capital and undistributable reserves, and if, and to the extent that, the distribution does not reduce the amount of those assets to less than that aggregate. Subject to the terms of our indebtedness or other contractual obligations, the approval and payment of any interim dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, which may change our dividend policy at any time, and the payment of any final dividends will be subject to majority approval by holders of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares and in each case will be paid out of profits available for that purpose under English law. Our Articles of Association authorize the board of directors to approve interim dividends without shareholder approval to the extent that such dividends appear justified by profits available for such purpose. The board of directors may also recommend final dividends be approved and declared by shareholders at an annual general meeting. No such dividend may exceed the amount recommended by the board of directors. There can be no assurance that any dividends, whether quarterly or otherwise, will or can be paid or that any shares will or can be repurchased. Whether we pay dividends to our shareholders or make share repurchases depends on a number of factors, including among other things, general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and acquisition opportunities, our financial condition or results of operations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations, including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, other restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our shareholders or making any share repurchases and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. A shareholder who receives a distribution under circumstances where he or she knows or has reasonable grounds for believing that the distribution is unlawful in the circumstances is obliged to repay such distribution (or that part of it, as the case may be) to us. 27 If we were determined to be an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We intend to conduct our business so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act. An entity generally will be determined to be an investment company for purposes of the U.S. Investment Company Act if, absent an applicable exemption, (i) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or (ii) it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the ICA 40% Test. We do not hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, or propose to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, and believe that we are not engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We believe that, for U.S. Investment Company Act purposes, we are engaged primarily, through one or more of our subsidiaries, in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring certain obligations that represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise. Our subsidiaries that are so engaged rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, which, as interpreted by the SEC staff, requires each such subsidiary to invest at least 55% of its assets in “notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable, and other obligations representing part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services,” which we refer to as the ICA Exception Qualifying Assets. In a no-action letter, dated August 13, 2010, to our predecessor, the SEC staff promulgated an interpretation that royalty interests that entitle an issuer to collect royalty receivables that are directly based on the sales price of specific biopharmaceutical assets that use intellectual property covered by specific license agreements are ICA Exception Qualifying Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(A). We rely on this no-action letter for the position that royalty receivables relating to biopharmaceutical assets that we hold are ICA Exception Qualifying Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(A) and Section 3(c)(6), which is described below. To ensure that we are not obligated to register as an investment company, we must not exceed the thresholds provided by the ICA 40% Test. For purposes of the ICA 40% Test, the term investment securities does not include U.S. government securities or securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, such as majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A). We also may rely on Section 3(c)(6), which, based on SEC staff interpretations, requires us to invest, either directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, at least 55% of our assets in, as relevant here, businesses relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A). Therefore, the assets that we and our subsidiaries hold and acquire are limited by the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. If the SEC or its staff in the future adopts a contrary interpretation to that provided in the no-action letter to our predecessor or otherwise restricts the conclusions in the SEC staff’s no-action letter such that royalty interests are no longer treated as ICA Exception Qualifying Assets for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(A) and Section 3(c)(6), or the SEC or its staff in the future determines that the no-action letter does not apply to some or all types of royalty receivables relating to biopharmaceutical assets, our business will be materially and adversely affected. In particular, we would be required either to convert to a corporation formed under the laws of the United States or a state thereof (which would likely result in our being subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation) and to register as an investment company, or to stop all business activities in the United States until such time as the SEC grants an application to register us as an investment company formed under non-U.S. law. It is unlikely that such an application would be granted and, even if it were, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure, our ability to transact business with affiliates and our ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted. Our ceasing to qualify for an exemption from registration as an investment company could materially and adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares and our ability to pay dividends in respect of our Class A ordinary shares. 28 Equity Performance Awards may create incentives that are not fully aligned with the interests of our shareholders. Subject to certain conditions, at the end of each fiscal quarter, Mr. Legorreta and certain employees are entitled to a distribution in the form of equity from RP Holdings in respect of each portfolio equal to 20% of the Net Economic Profit (defined as the aggregate cash receipts for all new portfolio investments in such portfolio less Total Expenses (defined as interest expense, operating expense and recovery of acquisition cost in respect of such portfolio)) for such portfolio for the applicable measuring period (the “Equity Performance Awards”). The right to Equity Performance Awards may create an incentive to make riskier or more speculative asset acquisitions. In addition, we may incur more debt, finance additional asset acquisitions or otherwise use more leverage in connection with asset acquisitions, as generally the use of leverage can increase the rate of return on an investment and therefore our profits. Under certain circumstances, the use of borrowed money may pose higher risks for our business or increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor our shareholders. In addition, there is no correlation between our profits and the obligation of our board of directors to pay dividends to shareholders. Consequently, shareholders may receive limited or no dividends while Mr. Legorreta and certain employees remain entitled to Equity Performance Awards that may be substantial. Further, even though Equity Performance Awards are payable on a portfolio-by-portfolio basis (with portfolios comprised of investments made during sequential two-year periods) in order to reduce the risks that we will pay Equity Performance Awards on individual investments even though our overall portfolio of investments is not performing well, Equity Performance Awards may nevertheless be payable when our overall portfolio of investments is not performing as well as the individual portfolios that are used as the basis for measuring the Equity Performance Awards. Operational risks may disrupt our businesses, result in losses or limit our growth. We rely heavily on financial, accounting, information technology and data processing systems, including systems operated by our current and future collaborators, contractors or consultants. Such systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, data corruption, cybersecurity incidents, unauthorized access, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. If any of these events occur and such systems do not operate properly or are disabled or if there is any unauthorized disclosure of data, whether as a result of tampering, a breach of network security systems, a cybersecurity vulnerability or attack or otherwise, we could suffer substantial financial loss, increased costs, a disruption of our business, loss of trade secrets or other proprietary information, liability to us, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Furthermore, federal, state and international laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act, can expose us to enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities, and potentially result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability, if our information technology security efforts or data privacy and protection compliance efforts fail. In addition, we operate a business that is highly dependent on information systems and technology. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. A disaster or a disruption in the public infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could adversely affect our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. In addition, sustaining our growth may require us to commit additional management, operational and financial resources to identify new professionals to join the team and to maintain appropriate operational and financial systems to adequately support expansion. Since the market for hiring talented professionals is competitive, we may not be able to grow at the pace we desire. 29 We are subject to the U.K. Bribery Act, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, import and customs laws, trade and economic sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. Our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws, including the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (“Bribery Act”), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended the (“FCPA”), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. §201, the U.S. Travel Act, and other anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we do business. The Bribery Act, the FCPA and these other laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper or prohibited payments, or anything else of value, to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. Under the Bribery Act, we may also be liable for failing to prevent a person associated with us from committing a bribery offense. We and the marketers of products that generate our royalties operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential Bribery Act or FCPA violations, and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose corrupt or illegal activities could potentially subject us to liability under the Bribery Act, FCPA or local anti-corruption laws, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. We are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the governments of the United Kingdom and the United States, and authorities in the European Union, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions and embargoes on certain countries and persons, anti-money laundering laws, import and customs requirements and currency exchange regulations, collectively referred to as the “Trade Control laws.” There is no assurance that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the Bribery Act, the FCPA or other legal requirements, including Trade Control laws. If we are not in compliance with the Bribery Act, the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of the Bribery Act, the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control laws by the United Kingdom, United States or other authorities could adversely affect our reputation, our business, financial condition or results of operations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities or our business arrangements with third parties could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices or the business practices of the marketers of products that generate our royalties may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations or the operations of the marketers of products that generate are royalties are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations, we or marketers of products that generate our royalties may be subject to significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including monetary penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment and exclusion from participation in government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we or marketers of products that generate our royalties become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, reputational harm, and we or marketers of products that generate our royalties may be required to curtail or restructure operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 30 The EU directive on alternative investment fund managers (the “AIFM Directive”) may significantly increase our compliance costs. The AIFM Directive has been implemented into the national law of the majority of member states of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (each an “AIFM state”). The AIFM Directive sets out minimum conditions related to the marketing of interests in alternative investment funds (such as our Class A ordinary shares) in the AIFM states and may impact our ability to attract investors in the AIFM states and may significantly increase our compliance costs. Such conditions include requirements for us to register with the competent authority in the relevant AIFM state in order to market the Class A ordinary shares to investors, requirements to file periodic reports with the competent authority in the relevant AIFM state and requirements to comply with disclosure and reporting obligations in respect of investors in the relevant AIFM state. Such reports and disclosures may become publicly available. While such conditions are met in relation to the AIFM states where our Class A ordinary shares will be marketed, there can be no guarantee that this will continue to be the case. In each AIFM state, our Class A ordinary shares may only be offered to investors in accordance with local measures implementing the AIFM Directive. Investors, together with any person making or assisting in the decision to invest in us, who are situated, domiciled or who have a registered office, in an AIFM state where our Class A ordinary shares are not being offered pursuant to private placement rules implementing the AIFM Directive may invest, or effect an investment in our Class A ordinary shares, but only in circumstances where they do so at their own initiative. Any investor acquiring our Class A ordinary shares at their own initiative in such AIFM state should note that as we have not been registered for marketing in that AIFM state, no reports will be filed with the competent authority in the relevant AIFM state by or in respect of us and no investor shall be entitled to receive any disclosure or report that is mandated in respect of an alternative investment fund being marketed pursuant to the AIFM Directive. The United Kingdom implemented the AIFM Directive through the Alternative Investment Managers Regulations 2013 and the Financial Conduct Authority’s Handbook. Following the United Kingdom’s withdrawal the European Union and the expiration of the transitional period, the rules applicable to the marketing of interests in alternative investment funds in the United Kingdom and the other AIFM states remained largely aligned. However, there are now areas of divergence which may make it more time consuming and complex for us to market our Class A ordinary shares to investors in the United Kingdom and other AIFM states which, in turn, may significantly increase compliance costs. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Internalization or we may be exposed to new risks and costs. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Internalization, such as cash savings, enhanced alignment with shareholders, increased investment returns, management continuity, transparency and governance, or greater structure simplification. Since our Internalization on May 16, 2025, we have become exposed to new costs and risks. Although we no longer pay a management fee, our direct overhead has increased because we are responsible for all compensation and benefits of our employees and other operating expenses. As an employer, we are subject to the liabilities and risks commonly faced by employers, such as workers’ compensation claims, labor disputes and other employee-related grievances, and the costs of employee benefit plans. Our overhead may increase further in the future as a result of our becoming internally managed as the responsibility for overhead relating to management of our business has become our own responsibility. In addition, while Mr. Legorreta has agreed to provide the board of directors with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on future awards or modifications of Equity Performance Awards, Equity Performance Awards on existing and future investments will continue on their current terms and are ultimately controlled by Mr. Legorreta. Risks Relating to Our Ordinary Shares The market price of our Class A ordinary shares has been and may in the future be volatile, which could cause the value of our shareholders’ investment to decline. The market price of our Class A ordinary shares has been and may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the per share trading price of our Class A ordinary shares ranged from a low of $25.75 to a high of $40.78. Market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, particularly those that relate to the biopharmaceutical industry, could reduce the market price of our Class A ordinary shares regardless of our operating performance. In addition to the other factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors, including: • market conditions in the broader stock market in general, or in our industry in particular; 31 • variations in our quarterly operating results or dividends to shareholders or share repurchases or exchanges for our Class A ordinary shares; • future sales of our Class A ordinary shares by our affiliates; • additions or departures of key management personnel; • timing and rate of capital deployment, including relative to estimates; • changes in our portfolio mix or acquisition strategy; • failure to meet analysts’ earnings estimates; • analyst or media reports or other adverse publicity about us, our industry or related sectors; • third-party healthcare reimbursement policies and practices; • litigation and government investigations; • changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof; • results, or projected results, from marketers of products that generate our royalties; • results from, and any delays to, the clinical trial programs of development-stage product candidates underlying our biopharmaceutical assets or other issues relating to such products, including regulatory approval or commercialization; • adverse market reaction to any indebtedness that we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; • changes in market valuations of similar companies or speculation in the press or investment community; • announcements by our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; and • economic or political developments, such as pandemics, inflation and interest rate volatility and geopolitical conflicts. These and other factors may cause significant fluctuations in the market price or trading volume of our Class A ordinary shares, which may limit our shareholders’ ability to sell their Class A ordinary shares at prices they consider satisfactory or at all. Stock markets from time to time experience extreme price and volume volatility, including in recent periods. Following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against public companies. If such litigation is instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. 32 Our Articles of Association provide that the courts of England and Wales will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of all shareholder complaints other than complaints asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and that the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any shareholder complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our Articles of Association provide that the courts of England and Wales will be the exclusive forum for resolving all shareholder complaints other than shareholder complaints asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and that the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any shareholder complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. This choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits. If a court were to find either choice of forum provision contained in our Articles of Association to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. U.S. investors may have difficulty enforcing civil liabilities against our company, our directors or members of senior management. We are a public limited company with our registered office in England and our subsidiaries are incorporated in various jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts against us based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws or otherwise. Even if shareholders are successful in bringing civil action against us, our directors or executive officers, the laws of England may render shareholders unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and executive officers. In addition, it is doubtful whether English courts would enforce certain civil liabilities under U.S. securities laws in original actions or judgments of U.S. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws or otherwise. In addition, awards of punitive damages in actions brought in the United States or elsewhere may be unenforceable in the United Kingdom. An award for monetary damages under the U.S. securities laws would likely be considered punitive if it does not seek to compensate the claimant for loss or damage suffered and is intended to punish the defendant. The enforceability of any judgment in the United Kingdom will depend on the particular facts of the case as well as the laws and treaties in effect at the time. The United States and the United Kingdom do not currently have a treaty providing for recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters. As a result of the above, shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interest through actions against our management, directors or other shareholders than they would as shareholders of a U.S. public company. The rights of our shareholders may differ from the rights typically offered to shareholders of a U.S. corporation. We are incorporated under English law. The rights of our shareholders are governed by English law, including the provisions of the Companies Act 2006 (the “U.K. Companies Act”), and by our Articles of Association. These rights differ in certain respects from the rights of shareholders in typical U.S. corporations. The U.K. City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (the “Takeover Code”) applies, among other things, to an offer for a public company whose registered office is in the United Kingdom (and the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man) and whose securities are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man) if the company is considered by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers (the “Takeover Panel”) to have its place of central management and control in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man). This is known as the “residency test.” Under the Takeover Code, the Takeover Panel will determine whether we have our place of central management and control in the United Kingdom by looking at various factors, including the structure of our board of directors, the functions of the directors and where they are resident. Given that our central management and control is situated outside the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man), we do not anticipate that we will be subject to the Takeover Code. However, if at the time of a takeover offer, the Takeover Panel determines that we have our place of central management and control in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man), we would be subject to a number of rules and restrictions, including but not limited to the following: (i) our ability to enter into deal protection arrangements with a bidder would be extremely limited; (ii) we might not, without the approval of our shareholders, be able to perform certain actions that could have the effect of frustrating an offer, such as issuing shares or carrying out acquisitions or disposals; and (iii) we would be obliged to provide equality of information to all bona fide competing bidders. 33 As a result of updates to the Takeover Code, any change in our place of central management and control will cease to be relevant after February 2, 2027, and therefore, on the assumption that our securities remain admitted to trading on the NASDAQ (or another regulated market outside the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man), the Takeover Code will not be applicable to us. Under English law, and whether or not we are subject to the Takeover Code, an offeror for us that has acquired (i) 90% in value of; and (ii) 90% of the voting rights carried by the shares to which the offer relates may exercise statutory squeeze-out rights to compulsorily acquire the shares of the non-assenting minority. However, if an offer for us is conducted by way of a scheme of arrangement the threshold for the offeror obtaining 100% of Company shares comprises two components (i) approval by a majority in number of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at the shareholder meeting; and (ii) approval of Company shareholders representing 75% or more in value of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at that meeting. As an English public limited company, certain capital structure decisions will require shareholder approval, which may limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure. We are a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. English law provides that a board of directors may only allot shares (or rights to subscribe for or convert into shares) with the prior authorization of shareholders, such authorization stating the aggregate nominal amount of shares that it covers and valid for a maximum period of five years, each as specified in the articles of association or relevant shareholder resolution. We obtained shareholder authority to allot additional shares until the end of the next annual general meeting of the Company or, if earlier, August 12, 2026, the date that is 15 months after May 12, 2025. We intend to seek renewal of this authorization at each year’s annual general meeting of shareholders. English law also generally provides shareholders with preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash. However, it is possible for the articles of association, or for shareholders to pass a special resolution at a general meeting, being a resolution passed by at least 75% of the votes cast, to disapply preemptive rights. Such a disapplication of preemptive rights may be for a maximum period of up to five years from the date of adoption of the articles of association, if the disapplication is contained in the articles of association, or from the date of the shareholder special resolution, if the disapplication is by shareholder special resolution. In either case, this disapplication would need to be renewed by our shareholders upon its expiration (i.e., at least every five years). We have obtained authority from our shareholders to disapply preemptive rights until the end of the next annual general meeting of the Company or, if earlier, August 12, 2026, which is the date that is 15 months after May 12, 2025, which disapplication will need to be renewed upon expiration to remain effective, but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). We intend to seek renewal of this authorization at each year’s annual general meeting of shareholders. English law prohibits us from repurchasing our shares by way of “off market purchases” without the prior approval of shareholders by ordinary resolution (i.e., majority of votes cast by our shareholders), and other formalities. Such approval may be for a maximum period of up to five years but may be sought more frequently. English law prohibits us from conducting “on market purchases” as our shares are listed on the NASDAQ and will not be traded on a recognized investment exchange in the United Kingdom. Our shareholders approved the authorization of certain “off market purchases” that will expire five years from May 12, 2025 unless renewed by our shareholders prior to the expiration date. We cannot assure shareholders that situations will not arise where such shareholder approval requirements for any of these actions would deprive our shareholders of substantial capital management benefits. 34 If our Class A ordinary shares are not eligible for continued deposit and clearing within the facilities of DTC, then transactions in our securities may be disrupted. The facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) are a widely-used mechanism that allow for rapid electronic transfers of securities between the participants in the DTC system, which include many banks and brokerage firms. While our Class A ordinary shares are eligible for deposit and clearing within the DTC system, DTC has discretion to cease to act as a depository and clearing agency for our Class A ordinary shares, including to the extent that any changes in U.K. law change the stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax position in relation to the Class A ordinary shares. If DTC determined that the Class A ordinary shares were not eligible for continued deposit and clearance within its facilities, our Class A ordinary shares may not be eligible for continued listing on the NASDAQ and trading in the Class A ordinary shares would be disrupted. While we would pursue alternative arrangements to preserve our listing and maintain trading, any such disruption could adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and our access to the capital markets. Risks Relating to Taxation Our structure involves complex provisions of tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure also is subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. Our tax treatment, including Irish, U.K. and U.S. federal income tax treatment, depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of applicable tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. You should be aware that our tax position is not free from doubt, and that applicable tax rules are generally subject to ongoing review by legislative and administrative bodies and relevant tax authorities, as well as by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), which is continuously considering recommendations for changes to existing tax rules. Furthermore, over 140 member jurisdictions of the G20/OECD Inclusive Framework have joined the Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy as part of the OECD’s base erosion and profit sharing project (“BEPS”), which includes a reallocation of taxing rights among market jurisdictions and model rules for a global minimum tax rate of 15% (“Pillar Two”). As part of the implementation of the Pillar Two rules by various jurisdictions, the United Kingdom has adopted the Pillar Two income inclusion rule, including a multinational top-up tax and a domestic top-up tax to the minimum effective tax rate of 15% for relevant accounting periods. In addition, the United Kingdom has introduced the Pillar Two undertaxed profits rule, a protective measure that requires subsidiaries to collect top-up taxes where a parent jurisdiction has not implemented the Pillar Two income inclusion rule. Similar legislation has been enacted in Ireland. While we do not expect to be subject to material tax charges under the Pillar Two rules, there remains a risk that tax authorities in any relevant jurisdiction implementing Pillar Two could adopt or interpret legislation, administrative guidance or related statements in a manner that is inconsistent with our understanding of the Pillar Two model rules and associated commentary. The United States has taken the position that BEPS has no force or effect in the United States absent action by the U.S. Congress. The U.S. Department of Treasury and U.S. Congress have explored potential protective or retaliatory measures against non-U.S. companies and investors if their home jurisdictions impose discriminatory or extraterritorial taxes on U.S. companies, potentially including Pillar Two. We cannot predict whether the United States will adopt any such protective measures or whether any such legislation will be adopted, or whether or how any non-U.S. countries may change their tax laws, including with respect to taxes imposed under Pillar Two. It is possible that any changes in U.S. or non-U.S. tax law could adversely affect our future tax liabilities and our effective tax rate. As proposals to change tax laws and implement the BEPS framework remain subject to further negotiation, we are currently unable to predict the extent to which any changes to tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business. These review processes could result in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. No ruling will be sought from the relevant tax authority regarding any of the tax issues discussed herein, and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities will not challenge any of our tax positions and that such challenge would not succeed. If any such position is successfully challenged, our tax reporting or tax liabilities could materially increase, which would adversely affect our profitability and cash flows. 35 There have been significant changes both made and proposed to international tax laws that increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance for all multinational companies. We expect to continue to monitor these and other developments in international tax law. We could be liable for significant taxes due to changes in our eligibility for certain income tax treaty benefits or challenges to our tax positions with respect to the application of income tax treaties. Our subsidiaries expect to receive revenues from both U.S. and non-U.S. sources. We expect that our subsidiaries generally will be eligible for benefits under the applicable income tax treaties between Ireland and the jurisdictions where income is sourced. However, no assurances can be provided in this regard, and it is possible that a taxing authority could successfully assert that any of our subsidiaries does not qualify for treaty benefits as a result of its failure to satisfy the applicable requirements to be eligible to claim treaty benefits. If a taxing authority were to challenge our position regarding the application of an applicable income tax treaty, we could become subject to increased withholding taxes, and such taxes could be significant. Specifically, with respect to certain U.S.-source income, we expect that our subsidiaries will be eligible for benefits under the U.S.-Ireland income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), and, under that Treaty, will not be subject to any U.S. withholding taxes on such U.S.-source payments. Our current treaty position with respect to U.S.-source payments relies in part on U.S. citizens or tax residents (as defined for purposes of the Treaty) owning, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the beneficial interest in, or at least 50% of the aggregate vote and value of, each of our subsidiaries that earns U.S.-source income. Our treaty position is based on the current U.S. status of the majority of the existing indirect investors in RP Holdings and Royalty Pharma Investments 2011 ICAV (“RPI 2011 ICAV”). Subject to certain exceptions, the existing indirect U.S. investors in RP Holdings have the right to exchange their interests for our publicly traded Class A ordinary shares. Such publicly traded Class A ordinary shares could be further transferred on the public market to other persons. Therefore, it is possible that over time U.S. persons will own indirectly in the aggregate less than 50% of the interests in our subsidiaries. We currently expect that our Class A ordinary shares and other existing indirect interests in RP Holdings and RPI 2011 ICAV in the aggregate will continue to be owned in sufficient amount by U.S. citizens or tax residents, and that we will be able to establish such ownership, for purposes of satisfying the 50% ownership requirement under the Treaty. However, there is no assurance that RP Holdings and RPI 2011 ICAV will continue to be owned directly or indirectly by sufficient U.S. citizens or residents or that we will be able to establish to the IRS’ satisfaction such ownership for purposes of satisfying the 50% U.S. ownership requirement under the Treaty. It is possible that if the indirect U.S. ownership in our subsidiaries becomes lower than 50% (or we cannot establish such ownership) we may in the future be able to qualify for another applicable exemption from U.S. withholding under the Treaty, but there can be no assurance in this regard. A substantial portion of our revenue is, and is expected to continue to be, derived from U.S.-sourced income, such as royalties, interest or “other income” for Treaty purposes. Therefore, if our subsidiaries failed to qualify for an exemption from U.S. withholding tax under the Treaty (by satisfying either the 50% U.S. ownership requirement or an alternative Treaty exemption) and such types of income were subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax, our financial position, profitability and cash flows could be adversely affected. The Irish Department of Finance has engaged in discussions with the U.S. Treasury on updating certain elements of the Treaty. It is at this time not clear what elements of the Treaty may be updated, or when any such updates would go into effect. However, certain elements of the revised U.S. Model Income Tax Convention could, if included in an update to the Treaty, result in our subsidiaries being unable to qualify for the benefits of the Treaty or eliminate or reduce the benefits of the Treaty that otherwise would have been available to us. If our subsidiaries are unable to qualify for the benefits of the Treaty, or if any benefits of the Treaty that otherwise would have been available to us are eliminated or reduced, then all or a portion of our income may become subject to increased withholding taxes, and such taxes could be very significant and materially and adversely affect our financial position, profitability and cash flows. In addition, U.S. authorities have from time to time reviewed whether non-U.S. jurisdictions are acting inconsistently with U.S. tax treaties or have implemented or are likely to implement tax rules that are viewed as extraterritorial or as disproportionately affecting U.S. companies and have considered potential protective measures or retaliatory measures in response. It is unclear whether the Treaty could be implicated in any such review or whether any measures that may be adopted could affect our ability to qualify for Treaty benefits or reduce or eliminate those benefits. We cannot know at this time whether or when the United States will adopt any such protective measures, or whether or how Ireland may change its interpretation or enforcement of the Treaty or other tax laws in response to any action taken by U.S. authorities. It is possible that any changes in U.S. or non-U.S. tax law could adversely affect our eligibility for benefits under the Treaty. 36 If our subsidiaries are considered to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business, we could be liable for significant U.S. taxation. In general, if a foreign corporation, such as Royalty Pharma plc, is considered to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business, such corporation’s share of any income that is effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business will be subject to regular U.S. federal income taxation (currently imposed at a maximum rate of 21%) on a net basis and, potentially, an additional 30% U.S. “branch profits” tax on distributions attributable to income that is effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business. In addition, it is possible that such corporation could be subject to taxation on a net basis by state or local jurisdictions within the United States. With limited exceptions, we intend to conduct our activities, through our subsidiaries, such that no income realized by us will be effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business or otherwise subject to regular U.S. federal income taxation on a net basis. If we are able to conduct our activities in this way, income or gains realized by us will not be subject to U.S. net federal income taxation. However, no assurance can be provided in this regard. The proper characterization of our income and gains for U.S. tax purposes is not certain, and it is possible that all or a portion of our income and gains could be characterized as income that is “effectively connected” with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business. If our income and gains were characterized as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, we would be subject to significant U.S. taxes plus interest and possible penalties, and our financial position, cash flows and profitability could be materially and adversely affected. We expect to operate, and expect that RP Holdings will operate, so as to be treated solely as a resident of the U.K. for tax purposes, but changes to our management and organizational structure or to the tax residency laws of other jurisdictions where we operate may cause the relevant tax authorities to treat us or RP Holdings as also being a resident of another jurisdiction for tax purposes. Under current U.K. tax law, a company that is incorporated in the U.K. is regarded as resident for tax purposes in the U.K. unless (i) it is concurrently treated as resident for tax purposes in another jurisdiction (applying the rules of that other jurisdiction for determining tax residency) that has a double tax treaty with the U.K. and (ii) there is a residency tie-breaker provision in that tax treaty which allocates tax residence to that other jurisdiction. Based upon our anticipated management and organizational structure, we believe that we and RP Holdings should be regarded as tax resident solely in the U.K. However, because this analysis is highly factual and may depend on future changes in our management and organizational structure, as well as future changes in the tax residency laws of other jurisdictions where we operate, there can be no assurance regarding the determination of our tax residence in the future. As U.K. tax resident companies, we and RP Holdings will be subject to U.K. corporation tax on our worldwide taxable profits and gains. Should we (or RP Holdings) be treated as resident in a jurisdiction other than the U.K., we (or RP Holdings, as applicable) could be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction and may be required to comply with a number of material and formal tax obligations, including withholding tax or reporting obligations provided under the relevant tax law, which could result in additional costs and expenses. We believe that we should not be subject to material U.K. corporation tax in respect of certain profits of our non-U.K. tax resident subsidiaries as a result of the U.K.’s “controlled foreign companies” rules but it cannot be guaranteed that this will continue to be the case. As U.K. tax resident companies, we and RP Holdings will be subject to the U.K.’s “controlled foreign companies” rules (the “U.K. CFC Rules”). The U.K. CFC Rules, broadly, can impose a charge to U.K. tax on U.K. tax resident companies that have, alone or together with certain other persons, interests in a non-U.K. tax resident company (the “Controlled Foreign Company”) which is controlled by a U.K. person or persons. The charge under the U.K. CFC Rules applies by reference to certain types of chargeable profit arising to the Controlled Foreign Company, whether or not that profit is distributed, subject to specific exemptions. The types of profits of a Controlled Foreign Company that can potentially be subject to a U.K. corporation tax charge under the U.K. CFC Rules include business profits of the Controlled Foreign Company that are attributable to assets or risks that are managed by activities in the U.K., or certain finance profits of the Controlled Foreign Company that arise from capital or other assets contributed, directly or indirectly, to the Controlled Foreign Company from a connected U.K. tax resident company. 37 Certain non-U.K. entities in which we hold a greater than 25% interest, including RPI 2019 ICAV (which is Irish tax resident) and RPI 2011 ICAV (which is Irish tax resident and which is held indirectly by us through our participation in RP Holdings), will be Controlled Foreign Companies for U.K. tax purposes. We and RP Holdings will therefore be required to apply the CFC Rules in respect of our direct and indirect interests in these entities on an ongoing basis. We do not expect material U.K. corporation tax charges to arise under the U.K. CFC Rules in respect of our royalty assets or our financing arrangements, however no assurances can be given that this will continue to be the case. The U.K. CFC Rules are highly complex and fact-dependent, and changes to, or adverse interpretations of, these rules, or changes in the future activities of RPI 2019 ICAV or other non-U.K. companies in which we hold an interest, directly or indirectly, may alter this position and could impact our group’s effective tax rate. We believe that dividends received by us and RP Holdings should be exempt from U.K. corporation tax, but it cannot be guaranteed that this will continue to be the case. U.K. tax resident companies are subject to U.K. corporation tax on receipt of dividends or other income distributions in respect of shares held by them, unless those dividends or other distributions fall within an exempt class. We believe that dividends received by us from RP Holdings, and dividends received by RP Holdings from RPI 2019 ICAV, should fall within such an exempt class and therefore should not be subject to U.K. corporation tax. However, a number of conditions must be met in order for such dividends to qualify for this tax exemption, including (in respect of dividends paid by RPI 2019 ICAV, which is tax resident in Ireland) conditions relating to the application of Irish tax law. As such, it cannot be guaranteed that these conditions for the U.K. tax exemption in respect of distributions will continue at all times to be satisfied. If distributions received by us or by RP Holdings were not to fall within an exempt class, such distributions would likely be subject to U.K. corporation tax at the then prevailing corporation tax rate. Even where distributions fall within an exempt class, certain anti-avoidance and recharacterization rules may also apply. For instance, if RPI 2019 ICAV were to constitute an “offshore fund” for U.K. tax purposes that has at any time in an accounting period more than 60% by market value of its investments in debt securities, money placed at interest (other than cash awaiting investment), certain contracts for differences, or in holdings in other offshore funds with, broadly, more than 60% of their investments similarly invested, RP Holdings’ shareholding in RPI 2019 ICAV may be subject to U.K. corporation tax as a deemed “loan relationship”, with the result that dividends received by RP Holdings from RPI 2019 ICAV could be subject to U.K. tax as deemed interest and RP Holdings may be subject to U.K. corporation tax on increases in the fair market value of its shareholding in RPI. The term “offshore fund” is defined for U.K. tax purposes through a characteristics-based approach and, broadly, can include arrangements constituted by a non-U.K. resident body corporate in which a reasonable investor would expect to be able to realize their investment entirely, or almost entirely, by reference to net asset value. We believe and have been advised that RP Holdings’ shareholding in RPI 2019 ICAV should not fall within these rules, however no guarantee can be offered that this will continue to be the case. Changes to, or adverse interpretations of, the offshore funds rules, or changes in the nature of our investments, may alter this position and could impact our group’s effective rate. Since 2020, we have been classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we expect to be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the year ended December 31, 2025. Being classified as a PFIC could subject U.S. holders of our Class A ordinary shares to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. While we are classified as a PFIC, distributions that we pay to individual and other non-corporate U.S. holders will not be eligible for taxation at reduced rates, which could potentially adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. Since 2020, we have been classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we expect to be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the year ended December 31, 2025. Whether we are classified as a PFIC is generally only relevant for taxable U.S. holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Our PFIC classification is unrelated to our corporate tax status. 38 So long as we are classified as a PFIC, we intend to furnish annually to U.S. holders a “PFIC Annual Information Statement” with the information required to allow shareholders to make a qualified electing fund (“QEF”) election for United States federal income tax purposes on our website. So long as we are classified as a PFIC, U.S. holders who do not make a QEF election with respect to us or a mark-to-market election with respect to our Class A ordinary shares will be subject to potentially material adverse tax consequences, including (i) the treatment of any gain on disposition of our Class A ordinary shares as ordinary income and (ii) the application of a deferred interest charge on such gain and the receipt of certain distributions on our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, regardless of whether a QEF or mark-to-market election is made with respect to us, U.S. holders will be required to file an annual report on IRS Form 8621 containing such information with respect to its interest in a PFIC as the IRS may require. Failure to file IRS Form 8621 for each applicable taxable year may result in substantial penalties and result in audit by the IRS. Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. holder owns our Class A ordinary shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to that U.S. holder for all succeeding years during which such person holds our Class A ordinary shares, even if we ceased to meet the threshold requirements for PFIC status, unless the U.S. holder makes a special “purging” election on IRS Form 8621. The effect of these adverse tax consequences could adversely affect our U.S. shareholders and make investment in our Class A ordinary shares less attractive to U.S. investors. So long as we are classified as a PFIC, distributions made to non-corporate U.S. holders will not be eligible for taxation at reduced tax rates generally applicable to dividends paid by certain U.S. corporations and “qualified foreign corporations.” So long as we are classified as a PFIC, the more favorable rates applicable to qualifying corporate dividends could cause individuals to perceive investment in our Class A ordinary shares to be less attractive than investment in the shares of other corporations, and this perception could adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. Whether we are a PFIC is a complex legal and factual question. We regularly review whether we expect to be classified as a PFIC in the current year or are likely to be classified as a PFIC in a future year. We may reach the conclusion in future years that we should not be classified as a PFIC. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors who have access to our data or systems to measure their adherence to relevant industry practices and standards, including due diligence and monitoring compliance with security assessments. In 2025, 2024 and 2023, we did not identify any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, or provide assurance that we have not experienced an undetected cybersecurity incident. For more information about these risks, please see “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components (i) approval by a majority in number of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at the shareholder meeting; and (ii) approval of Company shareholders representing 75% or more in value of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at that meeting. As an English public limited company, certain capital structure decisions will require shareholder approval, which may limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure. We are a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. English law provides that a board of directors may only allot shares (or rights to subscribe for or convert into shares) with the prior authorization of shareholders, such authorization stating the aggregate nominal amount of shares that it covers and valid for a maximum period of five years, each as specified in the articles of association or relevant shareholder resolution. We obtained shareholder authority to allot additional shares until the end of the next annual general meeting of the Company or, if earlier, August 12, 2026, the date that is 15 months after May 12, 2025. We intend to seek renewal of this authorization at each year’s annual general meeting of shareholders. English law also generally provides shareholders with preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash. However, it is possible for the articles of association, or for shareholders to pass a special resolution at a general meeting, being a resolution passed by at least 75% of the votes cast, to disapply preemptive rights. Such a disapplication of preemptive rights may be for a maximum period of up to five years from the date of adoption of the articles of association, if the disapplication is contained in the articles of association, or from the date of the shareholder special resolution, if the disapplication is by shareholder special resolution. In either case, this disapplication would need to be renewed by our shareholders upon its expiration (i.e., at least every five years). We have obtained authority from our shareholders to disapply preemptive rights until the end of the next annual general meeting of the Company or, if earlier, August 12, 2026, which is the date that is 15 months after May 12, 2025, which disapplication will need to be renewed upon expiration to remain effective, but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). We intend to seek renewal of this authorization at each year’s annual general meeting of shareholders. English law prohibits us from repurchasing our shares by way of “off market purchases” without the prior approval of shareholders by ordinary resolution (i.e., majority of votes cast by our shareholders), and other formalities. Such approval may be for a maximum period of up to five years but may be sought more frequently. English law prohibits us from conducting “on market purchases” as our shares are listed on the NASDAQ and will not be traded on a recognized investment exchange in the United Kingdom. Our shareholders approved the authorization of certain “off market purchases” that will expire five years from May 12, 2025 unless renewed by our shareholders prior to the expiration date. We cannot assure shareholders that situations will not arise where such shareholder approval requirements for any of these actions would deprive our shareholders of substantial capital management benefits. 34 If our Class A ordinary shares are not eligible for continued deposit and clearing within the facilities of DTC, then transactions in our securities may be disrupted. The facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) are a widely-used mechanism that allow for rapid electronic transfers of securities between the participants in the DTC system, which include many banks and brokerage firms. While our Class A ordinary shares are eligible for deposit and clearing within the DTC system, DTC has discretion to cease to act as a depository and clearing agency for our Class A ordinary shares, including to the extent that any changes in U.K. law change the stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax position in relation to the Class A ordinary shares. If DTC determined that the Class A ordinary shares were not eligible for continued deposit and clearance within its facilities, our Class A ordinary shares may not be eligible for continued listing on the NASDAQ and trading in the Class A ordinary shares would be disrupted. While we would pursue alternative arrangements to preserve our listing and maintain trading, any such disruption could adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and our access to the capital markets. Risks Relating to Taxation Our structure involves complex provisions of tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure also is subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. Our tax treatment, including Irish, U.K. and U.S. federal income tax treatment, depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of applicable tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. You should be aware that our tax position is not free from doubt, and that applicable tax rules are generally subject to ongoing review by legislative and administrative bodies and relevant tax authorities, as well as by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), which is continuously considering recommendations for changes to existing tax rules. Furthermore, over 140 member jurisdictions of the G20/OECD Inclusive Framework have joined the Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy as part of the OECD’s base erosion and profit sharing project (“BEPS”), which includes a reallocation of taxing rights among market jurisdictions and model rules for a global minimum tax rate of 15% (“Pillar Two”). As part of the implementation of the Pillar Two rules by various jurisdictions, the United Kingdom has adopted the Pillar Two income inclusion rule, including a multinational top-up tax and a domestic top-up tax to the minimum effective tax rate of 15% for relevant accounting periods. In addition, the United Kingdom has introduced the Pillar Two undertaxed profits rule, a protective measure that requires subsidiaries to collect top-up taxes where a parent jurisdiction has not implemented the Pillar Two income inclusion rule. Similar legislation has been enacted in Ireland. While we do not expect to be subject to material tax charges under the Pillar Two rules, there remains a risk that tax authorities in any relevant jurisdiction implementing Pillar Two could adopt or interpret legislation, administrative guidance or related statements in a manner that is inconsistent with our understanding of the Pillar Two model rules and associated commentary. The United States has taken the position that BEPS has no force or effect in the United States absent action by the U.S. Congress. The U.S. Department of Treasury and U.S. Congress have explored potential protective or retaliatory measures against non-U.S. companies and investors if their home jurisdictions impose discriminatory or extraterritorial taxes on U.S. companies, potentially including Pillar Two. We cannot predict whether the United States will adopt any such protective measures or whether any such legislation will be adopted, or whether or how any non-U.S. countries may change their tax laws, including with respect to taxes imposed under Pillar Two. It is possible that any changes in U.S. or non-U.S. tax law could adversely affect our future tax liabilities and our effective tax rate. As proposals to change tax laws and implement the BEPS framework remain subject to further negotiation, we are currently unable to predict the extent to which any changes to tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business. These review processes could result in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. No ruling will be sought from the relevant tax authority regarding any of the tax issues discussed herein, and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities will not challenge any of our tax positions and that such challenge would not succeed. If any such position is successfully challenged, our tax reporting or tax liabilities could materially increase, which would adversely affect our profitability and cash flows. 35 There have been significant changes both made and proposed to international tax laws that increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance for all multinational companies. We expect to continue to monitor these and other developments in international tax law. We could be liable for significant taxes due to changes in our eligibility for certain income tax treaty benefits or challenges to our tax positions with respect to the application of income tax treaties. Our subsidiaries expect to receive revenues from both U.S. and non-U.S. sources. We expect that our subsidiaries generally will be eligible for benefits under the applicable income tax treaties between Ireland and the jurisdictions where income is sourced. However, no assurances can be provided in this regard, and it is possible that a taxing authority could successfully assert that any of our subsidiaries does not qualify for treaty benefits as a result of its failure to satisfy the applicable requirements to be eligible to claim treaty benefits. If a taxing authority were to challenge our position regarding the application of an applicable income tax treaty, we could become subject to increased withholding taxes, and such taxes could be significant. Specifically, with respect to certain U.S.-source income, we expect that our subsidiaries will be eligible for benefits under the U.S.-Ireland income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), and, under that Treaty, will not be subject to any U.S. withholding taxes on such U.S.-source payments. Our current treaty position with respect to U.S.-source payments relies in part on U.S. citizens or tax residents (as defined for purposes of the Treaty) owning, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the beneficial interest in, or at least 50% of the aggregate vote and value of, each of our subsidiaries that earns U.S.-source income. Our treaty position is based on the current U.S. status of the majority of the existing indirect investors in RP Holdings and Royalty Pharma Investments 2011 ICAV (“RPI 2011 ICAV”). Subject to certain exceptions, the existing indirect U.S. investors in RP Holdings have the right to exchange their interests for our publicly traded Class A ordinary shares. Such publicly traded Class A ordinary shares could be further transferred on the public market to other persons. Therefore, it is possible that over time U.S. persons will own indirectly in the aggregate less than 50% of the interests in our subsidiaries. We currently expect that our Class A ordinary shares and other existing indirect interests in RP Holdings and RPI 2011 ICAV in the aggregate will continue to be owned in sufficient amount by U.S. citizens or tax residents, and that we will be able to establish such ownership, for purposes of satisfying the 50% ownership requirement under the Treaty. However, there is no assurance that RP Holdings and RPI 2011 ICAV will continue to be owned directly or indirectly by sufficient U.S. citizens or residents or that we will be able to establish to the IRS’ satisfaction such ownership for purposes of satisfying the 50% U.S. ownership requirement under the Treaty. It is possible that if the indirect U.S. ownership in our subsidiaries becomes lower than 50% (or we cannot establish such ownership) we may in the future be able to qualify for another applicable exemption from U.S. withholding under the Treaty, but there can be no assurance in this regard. A substantial portion of our revenue is, and is expected to continue to be, derived from U.S.-sourced income, such as royalties, interest or “other income” for Treaty purposes. Therefore, if our subsidiaries failed to qualify for an exemption from U.S. withholding tax under the Treaty (by satisfying either the 50% U.S. ownership requirement or an alternative Treaty exemption) and such types of income were subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax, our financial position, profitability and cash flows could be adversely affected. The Irish Department of Finance has engaged in discussions with the U.S. Treasury on updating certain elements of the Treaty. It is at this time not clear what elements of the Treaty may be updated, or when any such updates would go into effect. However, certain elements of the revised U.S. Model Income Tax Convention could, if included in an update to the Treaty, result in our subsidiaries being unable to qualify for the benefits of the Treaty or eliminate or reduce the benefits of the Treaty that otherwise would have been available to us. If our subsidiaries are unable to qualify for the benefits of the Treaty, or if any benefits of the Treaty that otherwise would have been available to us are eliminated or reduced, then all or a portion of our income may become subject to increased withholding taxes, and such taxes could be very significant and materially and adversely affect our financial position, profitability and cash flows. In addition, U.S. authorities have from time to time reviewed whether non-U.S. jurisdictions are acting inconsistently with U.S. tax treaties or have implemented or are likely to implement tax rules that are viewed as extraterritorial or as disproportionately affecting U.S. companies and have considered potential protective measures or retaliatory measures in response. It is unclear whether the Treaty could be implicated in any such review or whether any measures that may be adopted could affect our ability to qualify for Treaty benefits or reduce or eliminate those benefits. We cannot know at this time whether or when the United States will adopt any such protective measures, or whether or how Ireland may change its interpretation or enforcement of the Treaty or other tax laws in response to any action taken by U.S. authorities. It is possible that any changes in U.S. or non-U.S. tax law could adversely affect our eligibility for benefits under the Treaty. 36 If our subsidiaries are considered to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business, we could be liable for significant U.S. taxation. In general, if a foreign corporation, such as Royalty Pharma plc, is considered to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business, such corporation’s share of any income that is effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business will be subject to regular U.S. federal income taxation (currently imposed at a maximum rate of 21%) on a net basis and, potentially, an additional 30% U.S. “branch profits” tax on distributions attributable to income that is effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business. In addition, it is possible that such corporation could be subject to taxation on a net basis by state or local jurisdictions within the United States. With limited exceptions, we intend to conduct our activities, through our subsidiaries, such that no income realized by us will be effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business or otherwise subject to regular U.S. federal income taxation on a net basis. If we are able to conduct our activities in this way, income or gains realized by us will not be subject to U.S. net federal income taxation. However, no assurance can be provided in this regard. The proper characterization of our income and gains for U.S. tax purposes is not certain, and it is possible that all or a portion of our income and gains could be characterized as income that is “effectively connected” with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business. If our income and gains were characterized as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, we would be subject to significant U.S. taxes plus interest and possible penalties, and our financial position, cash flows and profitability could be materially and adversely affected. We expect to operate, and expect that RP Holdings will operate, so as to be treated solely as a resident of the U.K. for tax purposes, but changes to our management and organizational structure or to the tax residency laws of other jurisdictions where we operate may cause the relevant tax authorities to treat us or RP Holdings as also being a resident of another jurisdiction for tax purposes. Under current U.K. tax law, a company that is incorporated in the U.K. is regarded as resident for tax purposes in the U.K. unless (i) it is concurrently treated as resident for tax purposes in another jurisdiction (applying the rules of that other jurisdiction for determining tax residency) that has a double tax treaty with the U.K. and (ii) there is a residency tie-breaker provision in that tax treaty which allocates tax residence to that other jurisdiction. Based upon our anticipated management and organizational structure, we believe that we and RP Holdings should be regarded as tax resident solely in the U.K. However, because this analysis is highly factual and may depend on future changes in our management and organizational structure, as well as future changes in the tax residency laws of other jurisdictions where we operate, there can be no assurance regarding the determination of our tax residence in the future. As U.K. tax resident companies, we and RP Holdings will be subject to U.K. corporation tax on our worldwide taxable profits and gains. Should we (or RP Holdings) be treated as resident in a jurisdiction other than the U.K., we (or RP Holdings, as applicable) could be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction and may be required to comply with a number of material and formal tax obligations, including withholding tax or reporting obligations provided under the relevant tax law, which could result in additional costs and expenses. We believe that we should not be subject to material U.K. corporation tax in respect of certain profits of our non-U.K. tax resident subsidiaries as a result of the U.K.’s “controlled foreign companies” rules but it cannot be guaranteed that this will continue to be the case. As U.K. tax resident companies, we and RP Holdings will be subject to the U.K.’s “controlled foreign companies” rules (the “U.K. CFC Rules”). The U.K. CFC Rules, broadly, can impose a charge to U.K. tax on U.K. tax resident companies that have, alone or together with certain other persons, interests in a non-U.K. tax resident company (the “Controlled Foreign Company”) which is controlled by a U.K. person or persons. The charge under the U.K. CFC Rules applies by reference to certain types of chargeable profit arising to the Controlled Foreign Company, whether or not that profit is distributed, subject to specific exemptions. The types of profits of a Controlled Foreign Company that can potentially be subject to a U.K. corporation tax charge under the U.K. CFC Rules include business profits of the Controlled Foreign Company that are attributable to assets or risks that are managed by activities in the U.K., or certain finance profits of the Controlled Foreign Company that arise from capital or other assets contributed, directly or indirectly, to the Controlled Foreign Company from a connected U.K. tax resident company. 37 Certain non-U.K. entities in which we hold a greater than 25% interest, including RPI 2019 ICAV (which is Irish tax resident) and RPI 2011 ICAV (which is Irish tax resident and which is held indirectly by us through our participation in RP Holdings), will be Controlled Foreign Companies for U.K. tax purposes. We and RP Holdings will therefore be required to apply the CFC Rules in respect of our direct and indirect interests in these entities on an ongoing basis. We do not expect material U.K. corporation tax charges to arise under the U.K. CFC Rules in respect of our royalty assets or our financing arrangements, however no assurances can be given that this will continue to be the case. The U.K. CFC Rules are highly complex and fact-dependent, and changes to, or adverse interpretations of, these rules, or changes in the future activities of RPI 2019 ICAV or other non-U.K. companies in which we hold an interest, directly or indirectly, may alter this position and could impact our group’s effective tax rate. We believe that dividends received by us and RP Holdings should be exempt from U.K. corporation tax, but it cannot be guaranteed that this will continue to be the case. U.K. tax resident companies are subject to U.K. corporation tax on receipt of dividends or other income distributions in respect of shares held by them, unless those dividends or other distributions fall within an exempt class. We believe that dividends received by us from RP Holdings, and dividends received by RP Holdings from RPI 2019 ICAV, should fall within such an exempt class and therefore should not be subject to U.K. corporation tax. However, a number of conditions must be met in order for such dividends to qualify for this tax exemption, including (in respect of dividends paid by RPI 2019 ICAV, which is tax resident in Ireland) conditions relating to the application of Irish tax law. As such, it cannot be guaranteed that these conditions for the U.K. tax exemption in respect of distributions will continue at all times to be satisfied. If distributions received by us or by RP Holdings were not to fall within an exempt class, such distributions would likely be subject to U.K. corporation tax at the then prevailing corporation tax rate. Even where distributions fall within an exempt class, certain anti-avoidance and recharacterization rules may also apply. For instance, if RPI 2019 ICAV were to constitute an “offshore fund” for U.K. tax purposes that has at any time in an accounting period more than 60% by market value of its investments in debt securities, money placed at interest (other than cash awaiting investment), certain contracts for differences, or in holdings in other offshore funds with, broadly, more than 60% of their investments similarly invested, RP Holdings’ shareholding in RPI 2019 ICAV may be subject to U.K. corporation tax as a deemed “loan relationship”, with the result that dividends received by RP Holdings from RPI 2019 ICAV could be subject to U.K. tax as deemed interest and RP Holdings may be subject to U.K. corporation tax on increases in the fair market value of its shareholding in RPI. The term “offshore fund” is defined for U.K. tax purposes through a characteristics-based approach and, broadly, can include arrangements constituted by a non-U.K. resident body corporate in which a reasonable investor would expect to be able to realize their investment entirely, or almost entirely, by reference to net asset value. We believe and have been advised that RP Holdings’ shareholding in RPI 2019 ICAV should not fall within these rules, however no guarantee can be offered that this will continue to be the case. Changes to, or adverse interpretations of, the offshore funds rules, or changes in the nature of our investments, may alter this position and could impact our group’s effective rate. Since 2020, we have been classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we expect to be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the year ended December 31, 2025. Being classified as a PFIC could subject U.S. holders of our Class A ordinary shares to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. While we are classified as a PFIC, distributions that we pay to individual and other non-corporate U.S. holders will not be eligible for taxation at reduced rates, which could potentially adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. Since 2020, we have been classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we expect to be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the year ended December 31, 2025. Whether we are classified as a PFIC is generally only relevant for taxable U.S. holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Our PFIC classification is unrelated to our corporate tax status. 38 So long as we are classified as a PFIC, we intend to furnish annually to U.S. holders a “PFIC Annual Information Statement” with the information required to allow shareholders to make a qualified electing fund (“QEF”) election for United States federal income tax purposes on our website. So long as we are classified as a PFIC, U.S. holders who do not make a QEF election with respect to us or a mark-to-market election with respect to our Class A ordinary shares will be subject to potentially material adverse tax consequences, including (i) the treatment of any gain on disposition of our Class A ordinary shares as ordinary income and (ii) the application of a deferred interest charge on such gain and the receipt of certain distributions on our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, regardless of whether a QEF or mark-to-market election is made with respect to us, U.S. holders will be required to file an annual report on IRS Form 8621 containing such information with respect to its interest in a PFIC as the IRS may require. Failure to file IRS Form 8621 for each applicable taxable year may result in substantial penalties and result in audit by the IRS. Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. holder owns our Class A ordinary shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to that U.S. holder for all succeeding years during which such person holds our Class A ordinary shares, even if we ceased to meet the threshold requirements for PFIC status, unless the U.S. holder makes a special “purging” election on IRS Form 8621. The effect of these adverse tax consequences could adversely affect our U.S. shareholders and make investment in our Class A ordinary shares less attractive to U.S. investors. So long as we are classified as a PFIC, distributions made to non-corporate U.S. holders will not be eligible for taxation at reduced tax rates generally applicable to dividends paid by certain U.S. corporations and “qualified foreign corporations.” So long as we are classified as a PFIC, the more favorable rates applicable to qualifying corporate dividends could cause individuals to perceive investment in our Class A ordinary shares to be less attractive than investment in the shares of other corporations, and this perception could adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. Whether we are a PFIC is a complex legal and factual question. We regularly review whether we expect to be classified as a PFIC in the current year or are likely to be classified as a PFIC in a future year. We may reach the conclusion in future years that we should not be classified as a PFIC. General

