TICKER: SBET
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and customers, as well
as hackers. The information and technology systems used by us and our service providers, and other third parties, are vulnerable to damage
or interruption from, among other things: hacking, ransomware, malware and other computer viruses; denial of service attacks; network
failures; computer and telecommunication failures; phishing attacks; infiltration by unauthorized persons; security breaches; usage errors
by their respective professionals; power outages; terrorism; and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and
earthquakes. It is difficult or impossible to defend against every risk being posed by changing technologies, as well as criminals’
intent to commit cybercrime, and these efforts may not be successful in anticipating, preventing, detecting or stopping attacks, or reacting
in a timely manner. The increasing sophistication and resources of cybercriminals and other non-state threat actors and increased actions
by nation-state actors make it difficult to keep up with new threats and could result in a breach of security. Such threats may see their
frequency increased, and effectiveness enhanced, by the use of artificial intelligence. Further, cybersecurity risks may be heightened
as a result of ongoing global conflicts such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict or the ongoing Israel-Hamas conflict. Additionally, we cannot
guarantee that our insurance coverage would be sufficient to cover any such losses. To
the extent the operation of our systems relies on our third-party service providers, through either a connection to, or an integration
with, third parties’ systems, the risk of cybersecurity attacks and loss, corruption, or unauthorized access to or publication
of our information or the confidential information and personal data of customers and employees may increase. Third-party risks may include
insufficient security measures, data location uncertainty, and the possibility of data storage in inappropriate jurisdictions where laws,
security measures or other controls may be inadequate or in which there are uncertainties regarding governmental intervention and use
of such data, and our ability to monitor our third-party service providers’ data security practices are limited. Although we generally
have agreements relating to cybersecurity and data privacy in place with our third-party service providers, they are limited in nature
and we cannot guarantee that such agreements will prevent the accidental or unauthorized access to or disclosure, loss, destruction,
disablement or encryption of, use or misuse of or modification of data (including personal data) or enable us to obtain adequate or any
reimbursement from our third-party service providers in the event we should suffer any such incidents. Due to applicable laws and regulations
or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for any information security failure or cybersecurity attack attributed to our
vendors as they relate to the information we share with them. A vulnerability in or related to a third-party service provider’s
software or systems, a failure of our third-party service providers’ safeguards, policies or procedures, or a breach of a third-party
service provider’s software or systems could result in the compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our
systems or the data housed in our third-party solutions. The
security of the information and technology systems used by us and our service providers may continue to be subjected to cybersecurity
threats that could result in material failures or disruptions in our business. If these systems are compromised, become inoperable for
extended periods of time or cease to function properly, we or a service provider may have to make a significant investment to fix or
replace them. The failure of these systems or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in operations
and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating
to stockholders (and the beneficial owners of stockholders). Such a failure could harm our reputation, subject us to legal claims and
otherwise materially and adversely affect our investment and trading strategies and our value. 37 Table of Contents We
face risks relating to the custody of our ETH and ETH-related digital assets, including the loss or destruction of private keys required
to access our ETH and ETH-related digital assets and cyberattacks or other data loss relating to our ETH. We
hold our ETH and ETH-related digital assets with regulated custodians that have duties to safeguard our private keys. Our custodial services
contracts do not restrict our ability to reallocate our ETH and ETH-related digital assets among our custodians, and our ETH holdings
may be concentrated with a single custodian from time to time. In light of the significant amount of ETH and ETH-related digital assets
we hold, we will seek to engage additional custodians to achieve a greater degree of diversification in the custody of our ETH and ETH-related
digital assets as the extent of potential risk of loss is dependent, in part, on the degree of diversification. If there is a decrease
in the availability of digital asset custodians that we believe can safely custody our ETH and ETH-related digital assets, for example,
due to regulatory developments or enforcement actions that cause custodians to discontinue or limit their services in the United States,
we may need to enter into agreements that are less favorable than our current agreements or take other measures to custody our ETH and
ETH-related digital assets, and our ability to seek a greater degree of diversification in the use of custodial services would be materially
adversely affected. ETH
and ETH-related digital assets are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public key and private key(s) relating to the
local or online digital wallet in which the ETH and ETH-related digital assets are held. While the ETH blockchain ledger requires a public
key relating to a digital wallet to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order
to prevent a third party from accessing the ETH and ETH-related digital assets held in such wallet. To the extent the private key(s)
for a digital wallet are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of the private key(s) is accessible, neither we nor
our custodians will be able to access the ETH and ETH-related digital assets held in the related digital wallet. Furthermore, we cannot
provide assurance that our digital wallets, nor the digital wallets of our custodians held on our behalf, will not be compromised as
a result of a cyberattack. ETH, as well as other digital assets and blockchain technologies, have been, and may in the future be, subject
to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities. ETH
is created and transmitted through the operations of the peer-to-peer Ethereum network, a decentralized network of computers running
software following the Ethereum protocol. If the Ethereum network is disrupted or encounters any unanticipated difficulties, the value
of Ethereum could be negatively impacted. If
the Ethereum network is disrupted or encounters any unanticipated difficulties, then the processing of transactions on the Ethereum network
may be disrupted, which in turn may prevent us from depositing or withdrawing ETH and ETH-related digital assets from our accounts with
our custodian or otherwise effecting ETH and ETH-related digital assets transactions. Such disruptions could include, for example: the
price volatility of ETH; the insolvency, business failure, interruption, default, failure to perform, security breach, or other problems
of participants, custodians, or others; the closing of ETH trading platforms due to fraud, failures, security breaches, or otherwise;
or network outages or congestion, power outages, or other problems or disruptions affecting the Ethereum network. In
addition, although we do not currently run o, digital asset validating operations can consume significant amounts of electricity,
which may have a negative environmental impact and give rise to public opinion against allowing, or government regulations restricting,
the use of electricity for validating operations. Additionally, validators may be forced to cease operations during an electricity shortage
or power outage. A “ fork ” in the Ethereum protocol could adversely affect the value of the Company ’ s
shares. Forks
in the Ethereum protocol may lead to disruptions, security risks or declines in ETH value and therefore the value of the Company’s
Common Stock. A “fork” occurs when a change to the Ethereum network’s source code creates two incompatible versions
of the blockchain, resulting in separate networks. Forks may be planned (e.g., upgrades to the Ethereum protocol like the Merge or Dencun)
or unplanned (e.g., due to software bugs or validator disagreement). Planned forks are designed to improve performance or introduce new
features, but they may introduce bugs, security vulnerabilities or unexpected economic consequences. Unplanned forks can arise from client
software inconsistencies or protocol failures, causing network instability or fragmentation. In either case, forks may result in operational
outages, user confusion, replay attacks and reduced validator participation, all of which could undermine confidence in the Ethereum
network and adversely affect the price of ETH. Our ETH and ETH-related digital assets holdings, staking activities and related treasury
strategy could be materially negatively impacted in the event of such a fork. 38 Table of Contents Blockchain
technology may expose us to sanctioned or blocked persons or may result in unintentional or inadvertent violations of economic sanctions
and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. We
are subject to the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”),
including prohibitions on conducting direct or indirect business with persons named on, or owned by persons named on, OFAC’s various
sanctions lists, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list (“SDN List”). We are also prohibited
from direct or indirect dealings with persons located, organized, or resident in jurisdictions subject to comprehensive U.S. economic
sanctions (as of today, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People’s
Republic, and the Crimea region of Ukraine), and may be prohibited from dealing with persons in other jurisdictions subject to targeted
U.S. sanctions such as Venezuela, Russia, and Belarus. U.S.
sanctions compliance obligations apply to all U.S. persons and cover transactions in digital assets. U.S. sanctions authorities and law
enforcement have, in recent years, directed significant attention to sanctions compliance among the digital assets industry. For example,
OFAC has issued updated advisories regarding the use of virtual currencies, added a number of digital asset exchanges and service providers
to the SDN List, and engaged in several enforcement actions, including a series of enforcement actions that have either shut down or
significantly curtailed the operations of several smaller digital asset exchanges associated with Russian and/or North Korean nationals. Because
of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions and decentralized applications, we may inadvertently and without knowledge, directly
or indirectly engage in transactions with or for the benefit of prohibited persons under U.S. sanctions regulations, especially when
engaging in DeFi activities where it may be impossible for us to determine the identity of our counterparties. OFAC may impose civil
penalties for sanctions violations on a “strict liability” basis, meaning we may be held responsible for transacting with
prohibited parties even if we have no knowledge that a particular counterparty is a prohibited person under U.S. sanctions regulations.
In addition, we may be subject to non-U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations to the extent we conduct activity within the jurisdiction
of other sanctions regimes, including those of the European Union and United Kingdom. OFAC
and other governmental authorities have significant discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of U.S. economic sanctions laws
and regulations. Moreover, economic sanctions laws and regulations continue to evolve, often with little or no notice, which could raise
operational or compliance challenges. If it is determined that we have transacted with prohibited persons under U.S. sanctions regulations,
even inadvertently, this could result in substantial reputational harm, fines or penalties, and costs associated with governmental inquiries
and investigations. Despite our compliance efforts and activities we cannot assure compliance by our employees or representatives for
which we may be held responsible, and any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operations
or financial condition. In
addition, there has been increasing focus on the extent to which digital assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities
or fund criminal or terrorist activities. This misuse, or the perception of such misuse, could lead to greater regulatory oversight of
ETH and ETH platforms, and there is the possibility that law enforcement agencies could close or blacklist ETH platforms or other ETH-related
infrastructure with little or no notice and prevent users from accessing or retrieving ETH held via such platforms or infrastructure. We
have recently implemented policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable anti-money laundering laws
and regulations and take care to only acquire our ETH through entities subject to anti-money laundering regulation and related compliance
rules in the United States, if we are found to have purchased any of our ETH from bad actors that have used ETH to launder money or otherwise
engage in illicit financial activity, we may be subject to regulatory proceedings and further transactions or dealings in ETH may be
restricted or prohibited. 39 Table of Contents Changes
in the governance of a digital asset network or protocol may not receive sufficient support from users and validators, which may negatively
affect that digital asset network ’ s or protocol ’ s ability to grow and respond to challenges. The
governance of some digital asset networks and protocols, such as the Ethereum Network, is generally by voluntary consensus and open competition.
For such networks and protocols, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on that network’s or protocol’s governance,
which may stymie such network’s or protocol’s utility, adaptability and ability to grow and face challenges. The foregoing
notwithstanding, the underlying software for some digital asset networks and protocols, such as the Ethereum Network, is informally or
formally managed or developed by a group of core developers that propose amendments to the relevant network’s or protocol’s
source code. Core developers’ roles may evolve over time, generally based on self-determined participation. If a significant majority
of users and validators were to adopt amendments to a decentralized network based on the proposals of such core developers, such network
would be subject to new source code that may adversely affect the value of the relevant digital asset. As a result of the foregoing,
it may be difficult to find solutions or marshal sufficient effort to overcome any future problems, especially long-term problems, on
digital asset networks. If
the digital asset award or transaction fees for recording transactions on the Ethereum Network are not sufficiently high to incentivize
validators, or if certain jurisdictions continue to limit or otherwise regulate validating activities, validators may cease expanding
validating power or demand high transaction fees, which could negatively impact the value of Ether and the value of our Common Stock. In
2021, the Ethereum Network implemented the EIP-1559 upgrade. EIP-1559 changed the methodology used to calculate transaction fees paid
to Ether validators (then called “miners”) in such a manner that reduced the total net issuance of Ether fees paid to miners.
If the digital asset awards for validating blocks or the transaction fees for recording transactions on the Ethereum Network are not
sufficiently high to incentivize validators, validators may cease validating blocks and confirmations of transactions on the Ethereum
Network could be slowed. For example, the realization of one or more of the following risks could materially adversely affect the value
of our Common Stock: ●
If the profit margins of digital asset validating operations are not sufficiently high, digital asset validators are more likely to immediately
sell digital assets earned by validating, resulting in an increase in liquid supply of that digital asset, which would generally tend
to reduce that digital asset’s market price. ●
A reduction in digital assets staked by validators on the Ethereum Network could increase the likelihood of a malicious actor or botnet
obtaining control. See “ If a malicious actor or botnet obtains control of more than 33% of the validating power on the Ethereum
Network, or otherwise obtains control over the Ethereum Network through its influence over core developers or otherwise, such actor or
botnet could manipulate the Ethereum Network to adversely affect the value of our Common Stock .” ●
Validators have historically accepted relatively low transaction confirmation fees on most digital asset networks. If validators demand
higher transaction fees for recording transactions on the Ethereum Network or a software upgrade automatically charges fees for all transactions
on the Ethereum Network, the cost of using ETH and ETH-related digital assets may increase and the demand for ETH and ETH-related digital
assets may correspondingly decrease. Alternatively, validators could collude in an anti-competitive manner to reject low transaction
fees on the Ethereum Network and force users to pay higher fees, thus reducing the attractiveness of the Ethereum Network. Higher transaction
confirmation fees resulting through collusion or otherwise may adversely affect the attractiveness of the Ethereum Network, the value
of ETH and ETH-related digital assets and the value of our Common Stock. ●
To the extent that any validators cease to record transactions that do not include the payment of a transaction fee in validated blocks
or do not record a transaction because the transaction fee is too low, such transactions will not be recorded on the Ethereum blockchain
until a block is validated by a validator who does not require the payment of transaction fees or is willing to accept a lower fee. Any
widespread delays in the recording of transactions could result in a loss of confidence in the Ethereum Network. 40 Table of Contents ●
During the course of ordering transactions and validating blocks, validators may be able to prioritize certain transactions in return
for increased transaction fees, an incentive system known as “Maximal Extractable Value” or MEV. For example, in blockchain
networks that facilitate DeFi protocols in particular, such as the Ethereum Network, users may attempt to gain an advantage over other
users by increasing offered transaction fees. Certain software solutions have been developed which facilitate validators in capturing
MEV produced by these increased fees. The MEV incentive system may lead to an increase in transaction fees on the Ethereum Network, which
may diminish its use. Users or other stakeholders on the Ethereum Network could also view the existence of MEV as unfair manipulation
of decentralized digital asset networks, and refrain from using DeFi protocols or the Ethereum Network generally. In addition, it’s
possible regulators or legislators could enact rules which restrict the use of MEV, which could diminish the popularity of the Ethereum
Network among users and validators. Any of these or other outcomes related to MEV may adversely affect the value of Ether and the value
of our Common Stock. Digital
asset networks face significant scaling challenges and efforts to increase the volume and speed of transactions may not be successful. Many
digital asset networks face significant scaling challenges due to the fact that public, permissionless blockchains generally face a tradeoff
between security and scalability. One means through which digital asset networks that utilize public, permissionless blockchains achieve
security is decentralization, meaning that no intermediary is responsible for securing and maintaining these systems. For example, a
greater degree of decentralization of a public, permissionless blockchain generally means a given digital asset network is less susceptible
to manipulation or capture. In practice, this typically means that every single node on a given digital asset network is responsible
for securing the system by processing every transaction and maintaining a copy of the entire state of the network. As a result, a digital
asset network that utilizes a public, permissionless blockchain may be limited in the number of transactions it can process by the computing
capabilities of each single fully participating node. As of 2025, the Ethereum Network’s base layer typically processed transactions
at rates in the tens of thousands per second, with actual throughput varying based on gas usage and network demand. Broader ecosystem
throughput, including Layer-2 rollups, reached daily averages of more than 300 transactions per second in late 2025. Network capacity
has increased materially since 2021 through successive protocol upgrades, including the Merge (September 2022), Dencun (March 2024),
Pectra (May 2025), and Fusaka (December 2025), which expanded data availability and improved scalability for Layer-2 networks. Many
developers are actively researching and testing scalability solutions for public blockchains that do not necessarily result in lower
levels of security or decentralization, such as off-chain payment channels and Layer 2 networks. Off-chain payment channels would allow
parties to transact without requiring the full processing power of a blockchain. Layer 2 networks can increase the scalability of a blockchain
by allowing users to transact on a second blockchain deployed on top of a “Layer 1” network. However, such off-chain channels
and Layer 2 networks only periodically use the Ethereum Network, reducing the demand for ETH as gas fees. As
corresponding increases in throughput lag behind growth in the use of digital asset networks, average transaction fees and settlement
times may increase considerably. Increased transaction fees and decreased settlement speeds could preclude certain uses for Ether (e.g.,
micropayments), and could reduce demand for, and the price of, ETH and ETH-related digital assets, which could adversely impact the value
of our Common Stock. However, reduced gas fees could signal lower demand for ETH and ETH-related digital assets. There
is no guarantee that any of the mechanisms in place or being explored for increasing the scale of settlement or throughput of Ethereum
Network transactions will be effective, or how long these mechanisms will take to become effective, which could adversely impact the
value of our Common Stock. 41 Table of Contents If
a malicious actor or botnet obtains control of more than 33% of the validating power on the Ethereum Network, or otherwise obtains control
over the Ethereum Network through its influence over core developers or otherwise, such actor or botnet could manipulate the Ethereum
Network to adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. All
networked systems are vulnerable to various types of attacks. As with any computer network, the Ethereum Network could be attacked. For
example, following the “Merge” to transition the Ethereum Network from a proof-of-work consensus mechanism to a proof-of-stake
consensus mechanism and the switch to proof-of-stake validation, the Ethereum Network is currently vulnerable to several types of attacks,
including: ●
“ >33% attack ” where, if a malicious actor, validator, botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled
by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) or group of validators acting in concert were to gain control of more
than 33% of the total staked ETH on the Ethereum Network, a malicious actor could temporarily impede or delay block confirmation or even
cause a temporary fork in the blockchain. This is designed to be a temporary risk, as the Ethereum Network’s inactivity leak would
be expected to eventually penalize the attacker enough for the chain to finalize again (i.e., the honest majority would be expected to
reclaim 2/3rd stake as the attacker’s stake is penalized). Moreover, it is not believed that a 33% attack would allow a malicious
actor to engage in double-spending or fraudulent block propagation. Even without 33% control, a malicious actor or botnet could create
a flood of transactions in order to slow down the Ethereum Network. ●
“ >50% attack ” where, if a malicious actor, validator, botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled
by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) or group of validators acting in concert were to gain control of more
than 50% of the total staked ETH on the Ethereum Network, a malicious actor would be able to manipulate transactions on the blockchain,
including censoring transactions, double-spending and fraudulent block propagation, potentially for an extended period or even permanently.
In theory, the minority non-attackers might reach social consensus to reject blocks proposed by the malicious majority attacker, reducing
the attacker’s ability to engage in malicious activity, but there can be no assurance this would happen or that non-attackers would
be able to coordinate effectively. To the extent that such malicious actor or botnet did not yield its control of the validating power
on the Ethereum Network or the Ethereum community did not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to the
blockchain may not be possible. ●
“ >66% attack ” where, if a malicious actor, validator, botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled
by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) or group of validators acting in concert were to gain control of more
than 66% of the total staked ETH on the Ethereum Network, a malicious actor could permanently and irreversibly manipulate the blockchain,
including censorship, double-spending and fraudulent block propagation. Although the malicious actor or botnet may not be able to generate
new tokens or transactions using such control, it could “double-spend” its own tokens (i.e., spend the same tokens in more
than one transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users’ transactions for so long as it maintained control (over 50%).
The attacker could finalize their preferred chain without any consideration for the votes of other stakers and could also revert finalized
blocks. In
an example from another network, in August 2020, the Ethereum Classic Network, a proof-of-work network, was the target of two double-spend
attacks by an unknown actor or actors that gained more than 50% of the processing power of the Ethereum Classic Network. The attacks
resulted in reorganizations of the Ethereum Classic Blockchain that allowed the attacker or attackers to reverse previously recorded
transactions in excess of over $5.0 million and $1.0 million. In
addition, in May 2019, the Bitcoin Cash network, a proof-of-work network, experienced a >50% attack when two large mining pools reversed
a series of transactions in order to stop an unknown miner from taking advantage of a flaw in a then-recent Bitcoin Cash protocol upgrade.
Although this particular attack was arguably benevolent, the fact that such coordinated activity was able to occur may have negatively
impacted perceptions of the Bitcoin Cash network. Although the two attacks described above took place on proof-of-work-based networks,
it is possible that a similar attack may occur on the Ethereum Network, which could negatively impact the value of ETH and the value
of our Common Stock. 42 Table of Contents Although
there are no known reports of malicious control of the Ethereum Network, if groups of coordinating or connected ETH holders that together
have more than 33% of outstanding ETH were to stake that ETH and run validators, they could exert authority over the validation of ETH
transactions. This risk is heightened if a substantial amount of the validating power on the network falls within the jurisdiction of
a single governmental authority and is significantly heightened if over 66% falls within such a jurisdiction. If network participants,
including the core developers and the administrators of validating pools, do not act to ensure greater decentralization of Ethereum Network
validators, the feasibility of a malicious actor obtaining control of the validating power on the Ethereum Network will increase, which
may adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. A
malicious actor may also obtain control over the Ethereum Network through its influence over core developers by gaining direct control
over a core developer or an otherwise influential programmer. The less the Ethereum ecosystem grows, the greater the possibility that
a malicious actor may be able to maliciously influence the Ethereum Network in this manner. Moreover, it is possible that a group of
Ether holders that together control more than a substantial amount of outstanding Ether are in fact part of the initial or current core
developer group, or are otherwise influential members of the Ethereum community. To the extent that the initial or current core developer
groups also control higher than a threshold of outstanding Ether necessary for an attack, as some believe, the risk of this particular
group of users causing the Ethereum Network to adopt updates to the core protocol that this particular group wants to be implemented
will be even greater, and should this materialize, it may adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. Digital
asset networks are developed by a diverse set of contributors and the perception that certain high-profile contributors will no longer
contribute to the network could have an adverse effect on the market price of the related digital asset. Digital
asset networks and related protocols are often developed by a diverse set of contributors, but are also often developed by identifiable
and high-profile contributors. The perception that certain high-profile contributors may no longer contribute to the applicable digital
asset network or protocol may have an adverse effect on the market price of any related digital assets. For example, in June 2017, an
unfounded rumor circulated that Ethereum protocol developer Vitalik Buterin had died. Following the rumor, the price of Ether decreased
approximately 20% before recovering after Buterin himself dispelled the rumor. Some have speculated that the rumor led to the decrease
in the price of ETH. In the event a high-profile contributor to the Ethereum Network, such as Vitalik Buterin, is perceived as no longer
contributing to the Ethereum Network due to death, retirement, withdrawal, incapacity or otherwise, whether or not such perception is
valid, it could negatively affect the price of ETH, which could adversely impact the value of our Common Stock. Due
to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many ETH trading venues, ETH trading venues may experience
greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or operational problems than trading venues for more established asset classes, which
may result in a loss of confidence in ETH trading venues and adversely affect the value of our ETH and ETH-related digital assets. ETH
trading venues are relatively new and, in many cases, unregulated. Furthermore, there are many ETH trading venues which do not provide
the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices and regulatory compliance.
As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in ETH trading venues, including prominent exchanges that handle a significant volume
of ETH trading and/or are subject to regulatory oversight, in the event one or more ETH trading venues cease or pause for a prolonged
period the trading of ETH or other digital assets, or experience fraud, significant volumes of withdrawal, security failures or operational
problems. 43 Table of Contents Affiliate
Marketing Business Risks and the Industries We Serve We
rely on our relationships with sportsbooks and online casino gaming operators and any loss of existing relationships or failure to renew
or expand existing relationships may cause loss of a competitive advantage or require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings,
which could materially and adversely affect our affiliate marketing business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We
rely on relationships with online sports betting bookmakers and casino gaming operators, and the future success of our business may depend,
in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and expand such relationships. Our arrangements with these partners may not continue to be
available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, the industries we operate in are highly competitive. It is
common for multiple competitors to provide services to clients simultaneously and we expect this to continue. In the event we lose existing
arrangements or cannot renew and expand existing arrangements, we may be required to discontinue or limit our offerings or services,
which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and business operation. We
operate in a competitive market and may lose clients and relationships to both existing and future competitors. The
market for performance marketing services is competitive and rapidly changing. The online sports betting and casino gaming industries
are particularly competitive and fast growing. Competition in these markets may increase further if economic conditions or other circumstances
cause consumer bases and consumer spending to decrease and service providers to compete for fewer consumer resources. Our existing and
future competitors have, or may in the future have or obtain, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, better technology or data,
lower prices, exclusive or better access to data, greater user traffic or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we
have. Our competitors may be able to undertake more effective marketing campaigns, obtain more data, adopt more aggressive pricing policies,
make more attractive offers to potential employees, subscribers, sports betting and casino gaming operators, sub-affiliate partners and
content providers or may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in user requirements. If our competitors
develop more advanced and effective performance marketing solutions before we do, our business and profitability could be materially
and adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain or develop relationships with sportsbooks and online casino gaming operators, our
revenues will fail to grow or may even decline, in each case having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. Our
affiliate marketing business may be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to keep pace with or adapt to rapidly changing
technology, evolving industry standards and changing regulatory requirements, or if we do not invest in product development and provide
services that are attractive to our partners. The
future business and financial success of our affiliate marketing segment will depend on our ability to continue to anticipate the needs
of our partners or potential clients in order to successfully introduce new and upgraded performance marketing products and services.
To be successful, we must quickly adapt to changes in technology, industry standards and regulatory requirements by continually enhancing
and/or expanding our technology, services and solutions. Developing new services and upgrades to services, as well as integrating and
coordinating current services, imposes burdens on our staff and management. These processes are costly and time intensive, and our efforts
to develop, integrate and enhance our products and services may not be successful. In addition, successfully scaling up and launching
and selling a new or upgraded product or service puts additional strain on our sales and marketing resources. Investing resources towards
increasing the depth of our coverage within existing markets imposes additional burdens on our personnel and capital resources. If we
are unable to manage our expansion efforts effectively, in obtaining greater market share or in obtaining widespread adoption of our
current or future products and services, we may not be able to offset the expenses associated with the launch and marketing of the new
or upgraded services, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. If
we are unable to develop new or upgraded products and services or decide to combine, shift focus from, or phase out a product or service,
then our clients may choose a competitive product or service over us, our revenues may decline, and our ability to achieve or maintain
profitability may be reduced. If we incur significant costs in developing new or upgraded services or combining and coordinating existing
services, if we are not successful in marketing and selling these new services or upgrades, or if our partners fail to accept these new
or combined and coordinating services, then there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations, and we may never achieve
profitability. If we eliminate or phase out a product or service and we are not able to offer and successfully market and sell alternative
products or services, our revenues may decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 44 Table of Contents Our
affiliate marketing operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations that may impact results of operations and cash flow. Although
the sporting calendar is year-round, there is seasonality in sporting events that may impact our operations and operations of sports
leagues, sports media organizations, casinos and sports betting bookmakers. Certain sports only hold events during portions of the calendar
year, such as the NFL, which plays games in the fall and winter months. Sports off-seasons cause decreases in our revenues and revenues
of our clients, and factors such as playoffs, championships or similar events are unknown and may not yield consistent sources of revenue
for us and our clients. Further, our revenue and the revenue of our partners may also be affected by the scheduling of major sporting
events that do not occur annually, such as the Olympics or World Cup, or the cancellation or postponement of sporting events and races,
such as postponements which resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic. Such fluctuations and uncertainties may have a material adverse effect
on our future financial condition or results of operation. We
depend on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our affiliate marketing services and the loss of customers, unfavorable
changes to terms in customer contracts or unfavorable changes in the markets served by our customers due to geopolitical, regulatory
or other facts could materially and adversely affect our revenue, profitability and financial condition. Our
Affiliate Marketing business segment generates revenue by delivering a broad base of players to casino gaming operators, which are our
customers. The loss of any of our key operators, or a significant reduction in sales or contracted rates to any key operator, or unfavorable
changes in contracts with operators due to geopolitical, regulatory or other factors, could significantly reduce our revenue, margins
and earnings and adversely affect our business. WPT Global, an operator, is our largest customer, comprising approximately 48% of our
Affiliate Marketing Services segment’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. The contract with this customer requires a
nominal notice period to terminate the contract. If notice were provided, our revenues would decline from then-current net gaming revenue
rates to approximately one-third the then-current rate. The
impact to gross margin percentage would be a similar reduction to that of revenue percentage as we pay our sub-affiliates based on a
percentage of the then-current net gaming revenue and any reduction in our revenue would be a corresponding reduction in our cost of
revenue. This customer also has the unilateral right to cease offering services in the markets in which it operates, which would result
in the loss of revenue to us. In response to a removal of service offerings in various markets, our Affiliate Marketing Services segment
has the ability to market our user base to other operators who continue to offer service to the various markets. If we are required to
change service providers, we expect to incur switching costs, which could include lost revenues during the transition period and additional
player promotions to incentive players to migrate to a new platform once the platform previously used is no longer available. We
and our sports betting and iGaming partners are subject to complex laws and regulations, which are subject to change and interpretation,
and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm us and our clients. Any change in existing regulations or their interpretation,
or the regulatory climate and requirements applicable to us or our partners ’ businesses, could have a material adverse
impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Us
and our partners are generally subject to laws and regulations relating to sports betting, online gaming, affiliate marketing and advertising
in the jurisdictions in which we and our partners conduct our respective businesses, as well as the general laws and regulations that
apply to all e-commerce and online businesses, such as those related to privacy and personal information, tax and consumer protection.
The laws and regulations applicable to us and our clients vary from one jurisdiction to another and may be affected by, among other things,
political pressures and changes in legislative or governmental priorities. Some jurisdictions have introduced regulations attempting
to restrict or prohibit sports betting, online gaming and advertising, while others have taken the position that sports betting or online
gaming should be licensed and regulated and have adopted or are in the process of considering legislation and regulations to enable sports
betting or online gaming in their jurisdictions. 45 Table of Contents There
can be no assurance that legally enforceable legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially relevant
to our businesses and/or the businesses of our clients. In addition, future regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental
action may have a material impact on our and/or our clients’ operations and financial results. Governmental authorities could view
us, or our clients, as having violated applicable laws or regulations, despite our or our clients’ efforts to obtain and maintain
compliance with all applicable licenses or approvals. There are also risks that civil and criminal proceedings, including class actions
brought by or on behalf of prosecutors or public entities or incumbent providers, or private individuals, could be initiated against
us, our partners, Internet service providers, payment processors, advertisers and others involved in the sports betting and online gaming
industries. Changes in applicable law and other regulatory, court or other proceedings could prohibit or impose significant restrictions
being imposed upon us or our business partners. These events could also involve substantial and unexpected compliance and litigation
expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets and injunctions, while diverting the attention of our management team. Any such proceedings
or any change in laws or regulations or their interpretation applicable to us or our partners could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Failure
to obtain or maintain the required regulatory approvals and licenses in the various jurisdictions that we operate or intend to operate,
whether individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We
are currently licensed and/or authorized to operate in 29 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Ontario, Canada where
legislation has been adopted permitting online sports betting. Any of the Company’s licenses to operate legally in the industry
could be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. Any of our future license applications may also be denied or conditioned. The
loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license or affect our eligibility for such a license in another jurisdiction,
and any of such losses, or potential for such loss, could cause us to cease offering some or all of our offerings in the impacted jurisdictions.
As laws and regulations change, we may need to obtain and maintain licenses or registrations in additional jurisdictions. In addition,
once licensed, we may be subject to various ongoing requirements, including supervision by the respective governmental agency of certain
transfers of ownership and acquisitions. In
addition, we may expand into new states and jurisdictions and will generally be required to obtain approval and licensures required by
such states and jurisdictions. This is a time-consuming process that can be extremely costly. Any delays in obtaining or difficulty in
maintaining regulatory approvals or licenses needed for expansion can negatively affect our opportunities for growth, including the growth
of our client base, or delay our ability to recognize revenue from our offerings in any such states and jurisdictions. If we are unable
to effectively develop and operate directly or indirectly within these new states or jurisdictions or if our competitors are able to
successfully penetrate geographic jurisdictions that we cannot access or where we face other restrictions, there could be a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Likewise, our failure to obtain or maintain the required regulatory
approvals and licenses in the various states and jurisdictions in which we operate or intend to operate, whether individually or collectively,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Future
legislative and regulatory action and court decisions or other governmental action, may have a material impact on our operations and
financial results. Governmental authorities could view us as having violated local laws, despite our efforts to obtain all applicable
licenses or approvals. There is also a risk that civil and criminal proceedings, including class actions, brought by or on behalf of
prosecutors or public entities or incumbent monopoly providers, or private individuals, could be initiated against us, Internet service
providers, credit card and other payment processors, advertisers and others involved in the fantasy sports, sports betting and casino
gaming industries. Such potential proceedings could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets, injunctions
or other restrictions being imposed upon us or our licensees or other business partners, while diverting the attention of key executives.
Such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well
as impact our reputation. There can be no assurance that legally enforceable legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions
relevant or potentially relevant to our business to prohibit, legislate or regulate various aspects of the sports betting or casino gaming
industries (or that existing laws in those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance with any such legislation may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, either as a result of our determination
that a jurisdiction should be blocked, or because a local license or approval may be costly for us or our business partners to obtain
and/or such licenses or approvals may contain other commercially undesirable conditions. 46 Table of Contents States
impose significant tax rates on online sports-betting and online casino gaming revenue, and operators that accept wagers are also subject
to a federal excise tax equal to 25 basis points of the amount wagered. As most state product taxes apply to various measures of modified
gross profit, tax rates, whether federal or state-based, that are higher than we expect will make it more costly and less desirable for
us to launch in a given jurisdiction, while tax increases in any of our existing jurisdictions may adversely impact our profitability.
Therefore, even in cases in which a jurisdiction purports to license and regulate sports betting and/or online casino gaming, the licensing
and regulatory regimes can vary considerably in terms of their business-friendliness and at times may be intended to provide incumbent
operators with advantages over new licensees. Our
growth prospects depend on the legal status of real money gaming in various jurisdictions, predominantly within the United States, and
legalization may not occur in as many states as we expect or may occur at a slower pace that we anticipate. Additionally, even if jurisdictions
legalize sports betting and online casino gaming, this may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions and/or taxes that
make it impracticable or less attractive to operate in those jurisdictions. The
legal sports betting market in the United States has increased significantly in recent years after the U.S. Supreme Court’s 2018
ruling that the federal restrictions on sports betting under PASPA were no longer enforceable, thus giving individual states the power
to legalize sports betting. Our growth strategy significantly depends on additional states legalizing sports betting. However, additional
states may not adopt laws allowing sports betting as our management team expects. Moreover, states that have legalized sports betting
may eliminate, narrow or otherwise detrimentally change their laws allowing legal sports betting. A failure for the legal sports betting
market to expand or a contraction of the market would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. We
have been, and will continue to be, the subject of governmental investigations and inquiries with respect to the operation of our affiliate
marketing businesses and we could be subject to future governmental investigations and inquiries, legal proceedings and enforcement actions.
Any such investigation, inquiry, proceeding or action could adversely affect our business. We
have received formal and informal inquiries from time to time, from state government authorities and regulators, including tax authorities
and gaming regulators, regarding compliance with laws and other matters; and we may receive such inquiries in the future, particularly
as we grow and expand our operations. Violation of existing or future regulations, regulatory orders or consent decrees could subject
us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, it is possible that future orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory
authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated liability or penalties, or require us to change our
business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. 47 Table of Contents Reductions
in discretionary consumer spending could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our
affiliate marketing business is particularly sensitive to reductions from time to time in discretionary consumer spending. Demand for
entertainment and leisure activities, including iGaming and online sports betting, can be affected by changes in the economy and consumer
tastes, both of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including
recessions, economic slowdowns, sustained high levels of unemployment, and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening
economic conditions, may reduce our users’ disposable income or result in fewer individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure
activities, such as sports betting or iGaming. As a result, we cannot ensure that the demand for our product offerings will remain consistent.
Adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, and particularly in the United States, including a general tightening
of availability of credit, decreased liquidity in certain financial markets, inflation, increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations,
increased energy costs, the impact of higher tariffs or escalating trade disputes, acts of war or terrorism, transportation disruptions,
natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high levels of unemployment or significant declines in stock markets, as
well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics and the spread of contagious diseases, could lead to a reduction in discretionary spending
on leisure activities. A
portion of the operation of our Affiliate Marketing segment is in non-U.S. jurisdictions, which subjects the Company to the economic,
political, regulatory and other risks of international operations . We
conduct business in numerous countries that carry high levels of currency, political, compliance and economic risk. For example, the
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the evolving conflict in the Middle East and any business interruptions or other spillover
effects from such conflicts could adversely affect our operations. Operations in non-U.S. jurisdictions can present many risks, including
volatility in gross domestic product and rates of economic growth, governmental taxation, financial and governmental instability, cultural
differences and the imposition of exchange and capital controls. Instability
and uncertainties arising from the global geopolitical environment and the evolving international and domestic political, regulatory
and economic landscape, including the potential for changes in global trade policies, including sanctions and trade barriers, and trends
such as populism, economic nationalism and negative sentiment toward multinational companies, as well as the cost of compliance with
increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations worldwide, can impair our flexibility in modifying our product offerings, marketing,
hiring or other strategies for growing our businesses, as well as our ability to improve productivity and maintain acceptable operating
margins. While
these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Our
failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual property rights, including our unregistered intellectual property, and
the costs involved in such protection and enforcement, could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We
rely on trademark, trade secret, confidentiality and other intellectual property protection laws to protect our rights. Circumstances
outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available
in the U.S. or other countries in which we intend to operate our business. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual
property rights may not be sufficient or effective, and any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our
business or ability to compete. For example, it may not always have been possible or commercially desirable to obtain registered protection
for our products, databases or other technology and, in such situations, we rely on laws governing protection of unregistered intellectual
property rights, confidentiality and/or contractual exclusivity of and to underlying data and technology to prevent unauthorized use
by third parties. 48 Table of Contents As
such, if we are unable to protect our proprietary offerings via relevant laws or contractual exclusivity, technology and features, competitors
may copy them. Additionally, protecting intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual
property or disclosure of our confidential information or trade secrets could make it more expensive to do business, thereby harming
our operating results. Furthermore, if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or prevent unauthorized use or appropriation
by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to mimic our product
offerings and services more effectively. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. We
may face claims for intellectual property infringement, which could subject it to monetary damages or limit us in using some of our technologies
or providing certain solutions. Although
we have generally adopted measures to avoid potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights in the course of our operations,
we may not be successful in ensuring all components of our solutions have proper authorization. Additionally, the legal position in all
jurisdictions in relation to the ownership and permitted use of sports data and databases is subject to change. This area may receive
additional focus in the U.S. after the overturning of federal restrictions on sports betting under PASPA, thus giving individual states
the power to legalize sports betting. We
cannot be certain that our current uses of data from publicly available sources (including third-party websites) or otherwise, which
are not known to infringe or misappropriate third-party intellectual property today, will not result in claims for infringement or misappropriation
of third-party intellectual property in the future. Intellectual property infringement claims or claims of misappropriation against us
could subject us to liability for damages and restrict us from providing solutions or require changes to certain solutions and technologies.
Claims of infringement or misappropriation of a competitor’s or other third-party’s intellectual property rights, regardless
of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle, divert the attention of our management and materially disrupt
the conduct of our business, and we may not prevail. Any such claims, which could include a claim for injunctive relief and damages,
if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Despite
our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee
error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect
the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, disruption of our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage
to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products and services, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. The
secure maintenance and transmission of information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems
that maintain and transmit information, or the systems of third-party service providers and business partners, may be compromised by
a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or the network security of a third-party service provider or business partner,
or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees, or the actions or inactions of a third-party service
provider or business partner. As a result, our information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without consent. We have experienced
attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents in the past. The data industry is a particularly popular target for malware
attacks. We expect that we will continue to be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems
or those we develop for our clients, including phishing attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses,
worms or other malicious software programs. To date these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results,
but we cannot provide assurance that it will not have a material impact in the future, including by overloading our systems and network
and preventing our product offerings from being accessed by legitimate users through the use of ransomware or other malware. 49 Table of Contents We
rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive
information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the whole or partial
failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information from being breached or compromised.
In addition, websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing and credential stuffing.
Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect or prevent all attempts to breach our systems,
denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks
and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by our websites, networks and systems;
or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including certain confidential information, which may subject us to fines or higher
transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to such confidential information. We and such third parties may not anticipate or prevent
all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage
systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. Furthermore,
security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees
or by third parties. In addition, any party which can illicitly obtain a user’s password could access the user’s transaction
data or personal information, resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. These risks may increase over time as we increase
the number of clients and the complexity and number of technical systems and applications which we and our employees use. Breaches of
our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cybersecurity incidents may result in: unauthorized access to
our sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of information, including personally identifiable information,
or the other confidential or proprietary information of the Company or third parties; viruses, worms, spyware, ransomware or other malware
being served from the our sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our
sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel
and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts
and consultants; or litigation, regulatory action and other potential liabilities. In addition, the sports betting and online gaming
industries have experienced and may continue to experience social engineering, phishing, malware and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service
attacks. To date, we have not experienced a security breach material to our business; however, such breaches could in the future have
a material adverse effect on our operations. If any of these breaches of security should occur and be material, our reputation and brand
could be damaged, our businesses may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems
caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot
guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause
us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage
third-party experts and consultants. 50 Table of Contents ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not
applicable. ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy Sharplink
has implemented a cybersecurity risk management framework designed to identify, assess, manage and mitigate reasonably foreseeable cybersecurity
risks to its information systems, applications, networks and data (collectively, “Company Assets”). This framework is supported
by formal policies, including an Amended and Restated Cybersecurity Policy and a Corporate Incident Response Plan (“CIRP”),
and is integrated into the Company’s broader enterprise risk management and governance processes. The
Company’s cybersecurity risk management framework is designed to address threats arising from human error, malicious attacks, system
malfunctions, and third-party dependencies. Key components of the framework include risk assessment and incident severity classification,
defined escalation and response procedures, access controls, employee training requirements, vendor due diligence practices, and post-incident
review and remediation processes. The
Company routinely evaluates cybersecurity risks that could result in unauthorized access to, disruption of, or misuse of Company Assets,
including risks that could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of data. Cybersecurity risks are assessed in the
context of the Company’s business operations, including its digital asset treasury activities and legacy affiliate marketing operations,
and are considered alongside other operational and compliance risks. Incident
Response and Recovery Sharplink
maintains a formal Corporate Incident Response Plan that establishes a structured, step-by-step approach to responding to cybersecurity
incidents, including identification, containment, eradication, recovery, and post-incident review. Upon identification of an actual or
suspected cybersecurity incident, the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) conducts an initial assessment and assigns a severity
rating. Depending on the severity, incidents are escalated to a Security Incident Response Team (“SIRT”) assembled by the
CFO, which may include representatives from management, legal, accounting, information technology and other relevant functions. The
SIRT is responsible for coordinating response actions, preserving forensic evidence, assessing potential business and regulatory impacts,
and evaluating whether an incident may be material for disclosure purposes. Material incidents are escalated to the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors and disclosed as required under applicable SEC rules. Beginning
in 2026, the Company plans to conduct periodic tabletop exercises simulating cybersecurity incidents to evaluate the effectiveness of
its incident response procedures and to enhance readiness across management and key personnel. Third-Party
Risk Management The
Company uses third-party service providers and technology products in the ordinary course of business. Sharplink conducts due diligence
on third-party vendors, particularly those with access to Company Assets or confidential data and requires vendors to implement appropriate
cybersecurity safeguards and to promptly report incidents that could affect the Company’s systems or data. While the Company does
not currently outsource its core cybersecurity risk management function, it may engage third-party cybersecurity service providers in
the future to support or enhance its program. 51 Table of Contents Employee
Training and Controls Sharplink
requires employees, contractors, and other authorized users of Company Assets to comply with cybersecurity controls and responsibilities
outlined in its Cybersecurity Policy. These include requirements relating to password management, multi-factor authentication, device
security, secure data transfers, incident reporting, and remote work safeguards. Employees are required to report actual or suspected
cybersecurity incidents immediately to the CFO. Beginning
in 2026, the Company plans to implement a formal cybersecurity awareness training program for all employees, including training on phishing
prevention, incident reporting, and secure handling of confidential data. Training effectiveness will be evaluated periodically and updated
as necessary to reflect evolving risks and regulatory expectations. Cybersecurity
Governance Oversight
of cybersecurity risk is a shared responsibility among management and the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee of the Board provides
primary oversight of cybersecurity risks and receives regular updates from management regarding cybersecurity risk assessments, incidents,
response activities, and compliance with applicable disclosure requirements . The CFO is responsible for the day-to-day administration
of the Company’s cybersecurity program, including implementation of controls, incident response coordination, and reporting to
the Audit Committee Cybersecurity
Risks and Incidents The
Company has not experienced a cybersecurity incident that it has determined to be material as of the date of this report. However, like
other companies that rely on information systems and digital infrastructure, Sharplink has experienced cybersecurity incidents in the
past. Cybersecurity threats are continually evolving, and there can be no assurance that future incidents will not occur or that they
will not have a material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. For
additional information regarding cybersecurity risks, see

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our solutions have proper authorization. Additionally, the legal position in all
jurisdictions in relation to the ownership and permitted use of sports data and databases is subject to change. This area may receive
additional focus in the U.S. after the overturning of federal restrictions on sports betting under PASPA, thus giving individual states
the power to legalize sports betting. We
cannot be certain that our current uses of data from publicly available sources (including third-party websites) or otherwise, which
are not known to infringe or misappropriate third-party intellectual property today, will not result in claims for infringement or misappropriation
of third-party intellectual property in the future. Intellectual property infringement claims or claims of misappropriation against us
could subject us to liability for damages and restrict us from providing solutions or require changes to certain solutions and technologies.
Claims of infringement or misappropriation of a competitor’s or other third-party’s intellectual property rights, regardless
of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle, divert the attention of our management and materially disrupt
the conduct of our business, and we may not prevail. Any such claims, which could include a claim for injunctive relief and damages,
if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Despite
our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee
error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect
the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, disruption of our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage
to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products and services, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. The
secure maintenance and transmission of information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems
that maintain and transmit information, or the systems of third-party service providers and business partners, may be compromised by
a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or the network security of a third-party service provider or business partner,
or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees, or the actions or inactions of a third-party service
provider or business partner. As a result, our information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without consent. We have experienced
attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents in the past. The data industry is a particularly popular target for malware
attacks. We expect that we will continue to be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems
or those we develop for our clients, including phishing attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses,
worms or other malicious software programs. To date these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results,
but we cannot provide assurance that it will not have a material impact in the future, including by overloading our systems and network
and preventing our product offerings from being accessed by legitimate users through the use of ransomware or other malware. 49 Table of Contents We
rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive
information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the whole or partial
failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information from being breached or compromised.
In addition, websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing and credential stuffing.
Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect or prevent all attempts to breach our systems,
denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks
and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by our websites, networks and systems;
or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including certain confidential information, which may subject us to fines or higher
transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to such confidential information. We and such third parties may not anticipate or prevent
all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage
systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. Furthermore,
security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees
or by third parties. In addition, any party which can illicitly obtain a user’s password could access the user’s transaction
data or personal information, resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. These risks may increase over time as we increase
the number of clients and the complexity and number of technical systems and applications which we and our employees use. Breaches of
our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cybersecurity incidents may result in: unauthorized access to
our sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of information, including personally identifiable information,
or the other confidential or proprietary information of the Company or third parties; viruses, worms, spyware, ransomware or other malware
being served from the our sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our
sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel
and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts
and consultants; or litigation, regulatory action and other potential liabilities. In addition, the sports betting and online gaming
industries have experienced and may continue to experience social engineering, phishing, malware and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service
attacks. To date, we have not experienced a security breach material to our business; however, such breaches could in the future have
a material adverse effect on our operations. If any of these breaches of security should occur and be material, our reputation and brand
could be damaged, our businesses may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems
caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot
guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause
us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage
third-party experts and consultants. 50 Table of Contents ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not
applicable. ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy Sharplink
has implemented a cybersecurity risk management framework designed to identify, assess, manage and mitigate reasonably foreseeable cybersecurity
risks to its information systems, applications, networks and data (collectively, “Company Assets”). This framework is supported
by formal policies, including an Amended and Restated Cybersecurity Policy and a Corporate Incident Response Plan (“CIRP”),
and is integrated into the Company’s broader enterprise risk management and governance processes. The
Company’s cybersecurity risk management framework is designed to address threats arising from human error, malicious attacks, system
malfunctions, and third-party dependencies. Key components of the framework include risk assessment and incident severity classification,
defined escalation and response procedures, access controls, employee training requirements, vendor due diligence practices, and post-incident
review and remediation processes. The
Company routinely evaluates cybersecurity risks that could result in unauthorized access to, disruption of, or misuse of Company Assets,
including risks that could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of data. Cybersecurity risks are assessed in the
context of the Company’s business operations, including its digital asset treasury activities and legacy affiliate marketing operations,
and are considered alongside other operational and compliance risks. Incident
Response and Recovery Sharplink
maintains a formal Corporate Incident Response Plan that establishes a structured, step-by-step approach to responding to cybersecurity
incidents, including identification, containment, eradication, recovery, and post-incident review. Upon identification of an actual or
suspected cybersecurity incident, the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) conducts an initial assessment and assigns a severity
rating. Depending on the severity, incidents are escalated to a Security Incident Response Team (“SIRT”) assembled by the
CFO, which may include representatives from management, legal, accounting, information technology and other relevant functions. The
SIRT is responsible for coordinating response actions, preserving forensic evidence, assessing potential business and regulatory impacts,
and evaluating whether an incident may be material for disclosure purposes. Material incidents are escalated to the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors and disclosed as required under applicable SEC rules. Beginning
in 2026, the Company plans to conduct periodic tabletop exercises simulating cybersecurity incidents to evaluate the effectiveness of
its incident response procedures and to enhance readiness across management and key personnel. Third-Party
Risk Management The
Company uses third-party service providers and technology products in the ordinary course of business. Sharplink conducts due diligence
on third-party vendors, particularly those with access to Company Assets or confidential data and requires vendors to implement appropriate
cybersecurity safeguards and to promptly report incidents that could affect the Company’s systems or data. While the Company does
not currently outsource its core cybersecurity risk management function, it may engage third-party cybersecurity service providers in
the future to support or enhance its program. 51 Table of Contents Employee
Training and Controls Sharplink
requires employees, contractors, and other authorized users of Company Assets to comply with cybersecurity controls and responsibilities
outlined in its Cybersecurity Policy. These include requirements relating to password management, multi-factor authentication, device
security, secure data transfers, incident reporting, and remote work safeguards. Employees are required to report actual or suspected
cybersecurity incidents immediately to the CFO. Beginning
in 2026, the Company plans to implement a formal cybersecurity awareness training program for all employees, including training on phishing
prevention, incident reporting, and secure handling of confidential data. Training effectiveness will be evaluated periodically and updated
as necessary to reflect evolving risks and regulatory expectations. Cybersecurity
Governance Oversight
of cybersecurity risk is a shared responsibility among management and the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee of the Board provides
primary oversight of cybersecurity risks and receives regular updates from management regarding cybersecurity risk assessments, incidents,
response activities, and compliance with applicable disclosure requirements . The CFO is responsible for the day-to-day administration
of the Company’s cybersecurity program, including implementation of controls, incident response coordination, and reporting to
the Audit Committee Cybersecurity
Risks and Incidents The
Company has not experienced a cybersecurity incident that it has determined to be material as of the date of this report. However, like
other companies that rely on information systems and digital infrastructure, Sharplink has experienced cybersecurity incidents in the
past. Cybersecurity threats are continually evolving, and there can be no assurance that future incidents will not occur or that they
will not have a material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. For
additional information regarding cybersecurity risks, see

