TICKER: SCLX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply Chain We currently contract with third parties for the manufacture, assembly, testing, packaging, storage and distribution of our product. Our technical team has extensive pharmaceutical development, manufacturing, analytical, quality and distribution experience and is qualified and capable of managing manufacturing and supply chain operations. Our Quality System, Standard Operating Procedures and contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) comply with cGMP and regulatory requirements. We selected our CMOs for specific competencies having met our development, manufacturing, quality and the FDA regulatory requirements. These CMOs manufacture our clinical supplies and commercial batches. We currently have no plans to build our own manufacturing or distribution infrastructure. ZTlido ZTlido is a single-layer, drug-in-adhesive topical delivery system comprised of an adhesive material containing 36 mg lidocaine, which is applied to a pliable nonwoven cloth backing and covered with a polyethylene terephthalate film release liner. ZTlido is commercially manufactured for us by Oishi in Japan. We have exclusive worldwide rights to Oishi’s proprietary formulation and manufacturing technologies except with respect to Japan. ZTlido is manufactured using premixing and hot-melt mixing of various excipients and lidocaine, followed by cGMP compliant coating, lining, cutting and filling processes. ZTlido is packaged as a carton of 30 topical systems, into individual child-resistant envelopes. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “ Business - Material Agreements - Itochu and Oishi Product Development Agreement ” and “ Business - Material Agreements - Itochu and Oishi Commercial Supply Agreement ” for additional information regarding the manufacturing and supply chain of ZTlido. Once production is complete, commercial product shipments are sent to the United States, where our exclusive third-party logistics distribution provider, Cardinal Health 105, LLC (“Cardinal Health 105”), ships them to temperature-controlled customer distribution centers, which are generally able to deliver finished product to retail pharmacies on the same day, or within 24 hours. We currently contract with multiple pharmaceutical distributors throughout the United States, including McKesson Corporation (“McKesson”), Cardinal Health 110, LLC (“Cardinal Health 110”) and AmerisourceBergen Corporation (“AmerisourceBergen”). Distributors have agreements in place that provide us with access to large retail chains, including CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid and Walmart, as well as independent pharmacies. In addition to all order fulfillment, Cardinal Health 105 performs the following services on our behalf: customer service, credit checks, invoicing, chargebacks, distributor fee for service, government reporting, customer returns, accounts receivable, inventory control, product security (DSCSA serialization) inquiries and recall assistance. In the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2021, and in the first quarter of 2022, Cardinal Health 105 was our only customer and sales to Cardinal Health 105 represented all of our net revenue for such periods. As we continue to expand the commercialization of ZTlido, we expanded our direct distribution network to national and regional distributors and pharmacies in the second quarter of 2022. We currently hold wholesaler licenses and commenced selling directly to our main distributor customers as well as pharmacies from the second quarter of 2022. In April 2022, we discontinued our use of “title model” services provided by Cardinal Health 105 but expect that Cardinal Health 105 will continue to perform other third-party logistics services for us. SP-102 (SEMDEXA) 31 SP-102 is a Phase 3 sterile dexamethasone sodium phosphate injectable viscous gel drug product containing dexamethasone sodium phosphate equivalent to 10 mg dexamethasone in a pre-filled glass syringe with a 2 mL deliverable volume. SP-102 also contains sodium hyaluronate, which is a novel, biocompatible, viscosity- enhancing excipient and is listed in the European Pharmacopoeia. Historically, we have purchased our clinical and commercial supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate, one of the excipients for SP-102, from Genzyme pursuant to a supply agreement, which terminated as of May 31, 2024. We anticipate that our current supply of sodium hyaluronate will be sufficient to satisfy our clinical and commercial supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate for at least 12 months following our expected commercial launch of SP-102 in 2027. We are currently in discussions with Sanofi, an affiliate of Genzyme, and are in the process of identifying and certifying new suppliers, in each case to fulfill our future supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate. SP-102 is manufactured by a single-source manufacturer, which supports the clinical development, including the completed Phase 3 clinical trial of SP-102. In March 2022, we announced final results of the Phase 3 clinical trial, satisfying the primary and key secondary endpoints. The manufacturing process is proprietary and includes trade secrets. We plan to engage our existing contract manufacturer, Lifecore, for the commercial production of SP-102, if approved. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “ Business — Material Agreements — Lifecore Master Services Agreement ” for additional information regarding the manufacturing of our SP-102 product candidate. SP-103 SP-103 contains 5.4% lidocaine (108 mg lidocaine) and is manufactured for clinical supply by Oishi, using the same manufacturing processes as used for ZTlido. If our Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials are successful, we plan to submit the SP-103 manufacturing protocols in a supplemental new drug application. SP-104 We are developing SP-104, a novel low-dose, naltrexone hydrochloride delayed release formulation for treating fibromyalgia. SP-104 is 4.5 mg, low-dose naltrexone hydrochloride delayed release capsule product in clinical development, for which Phase 1 studies were completed in the second quarter of 2022. It is manufactured by a contract manufacturer, Tulex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (“Tulex”), located in Cranbury, NJ. Competition Our industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. The large size and expanding scope of the pain management market makes it an attractive therapeutic area for biopharmaceutical businesses. Our potential competitors include pharmaceutical, biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical companies. Many of these companies have drug pipelines, readily available capital, and established research and development organizations. ZTlido and our product candidate, SP-103, if approved, face and will likely face competition from prescription, generic, and OTC topical lidocaine patches, including Lidoderm, generic lidocaine patches manufactured by Teva, Mylan and Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., and over-the-counter lidocaine patches. Additionally, SP-103, if approved, will likely compete with various opioid pain medications, NSAIDs, muscle relaxants, antidepressants and anticonvulsants, particularly as we seek approval for the treatment of chronic neck pain. We launched ELYXYB for treatment of acute migraine pain. ELYXYB faces competition from other NSAID products, triptans and newly launched CGRP inhibitors. NSAIDs and triptans are well established for the treatment of migraine. We launched GLOPERBA, our liquid colchicine formulation, in June 2024. GLOPERBA will face competition from generic colchicine formulations, uric acid lowering products like alopurinol, and other products that are used for the prophylaxis treatment of gout. GLOPERBA is the only liquid colchicine product approved by the FDA. SP-102, if approved, has the potential to become the first FDA-approved epidural steroid product for the treatment of sciatica. While there are currently no FDA-approved ESIs indicated for the treatment of sciatica, we are aware of certain non-steroid product candidates in development. SP-102, if approved, will compete with various opioid pain medications, NSAIDs, muscle relaxants, antidepressants, anticonvulsants and surgical procedures. Procedures may include nerve blocks and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulations. We may also face indirect competition from the off-label and unapproved use of branded and generic injectable steroids. With respect to our product candidate SP-104, while there are currently no formulations containing naltrexone in clinical development for the treatment of fibromyalgia, we are aware of certain non-opioid therapeutics currently in a late-stage Phase 3 pipeline containing two 505(b)(2) development programs. Therefore, we believe that SP-104 will likely face direct competition from these candidates. We expect that the market will become increasingly competitive in the future. Many of our competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, operate larger research and development programs and have substantially greater financial resources than 32 we do, as well as significantly greater experience in: developing product candidates and technologies, undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining the FDA and other regulatory approvals of product candidates, formulating and manufacturing product candidates and launching, marketing and selling product candidates. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. As a result, these companies may obtain regulatory approval more rapidly than we are able to and may be more effective in selling and marketing their products as well. Smaller or early-stage companies or generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical manufacturers may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis, products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we are currently developing or that we may develop. If approved, our product candidates will face competition from commercially available drugs as well as drugs that are in the development pipelines of our competitors and later enter the market. Established pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make our product candidates less competitive. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA approval or discovering, developing and commercializing medicines before we do. The key competitive factors affecting the success of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, SP-102, SP-103 and SP-104 are likely to be their clinical benefit, durability, tolerability, price, intellectual property protection, and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. Overview of the Cryptocurrency Industry and Market Cryptocurrency refers to digital assets that are issued by and transmitted through an open-source protocol, collectively maintained by a peer-to-peer network of decentralized user nodes. These networks host public transaction ledgers, known as blockchains, on which cryptocurrency holdings and all validated transactions that have ever taken place on the cryptocurrency’s network are recorded. Balances of cryptocurrency are stored in individual “wallet” functions, which associate network public addresses with one or more “private keys” that control the transfer of the cryptocurrency. The blockchain can be updated without any single entity owning or operating the network. There are numerous digital assets and many entities, including consortia and financial institutions, are researching and investing resources into private or permissioned blockchain platforms or digital assets that do not use proof-of-work mining like the bitcoin network. For example, in late 2022, the Ethereum network transitioned to a “proof-of-stake” mechanism for validating transactions that requires significantly less computing power than proof-of-work mining. Other alternative digital assets include “stablecoins,” which are designed to maintain a peg to a reference price because of their issuers’ promise to hold high-quality liquid assets (such as U.S. dollar deposits and short-term U.S. treasury securities) equal to the total value of stablecoins in circulation. Stablecoins have grown rapidly as an alternative to bitcoin and other digital assets as a medium of exchange and store of value, particularly on digital asset trading platforms. Additionally, central banks in some countries have started to introduce digital forms of legal tender. For example, China’s central bank digital currency (“CBDC”) project was made available to consumers in January 2022, and governments including the United States and the European Union have been discussing the potential creation of new CBDCs. Cryptocurrency Industry Participants The primary cryptocurrency industry participants are miners, investors, and traders, digital asset exchanges and service providers, including custodians, brokers, payment processors, wallet providers, and financial institutions. Miners. Miners range from cryptocurrency enthusiasts to professional mining operations that design and build dedicated mining machines and data centers, including mining pools, which are groups of miners that act cohesively and combine their processing power to mine cryptocurrency blocks. Investors and Traders. Cryptocurrency investors and traders include individuals and institutional investors who, directly or indirectly, purchase, hold, and sell cryptocurrency or cryptocurrency-based derivatives. On January 10, 2024, the SEC issued an order approving several applications for the listing and trading of shares of spot bitcoin exchange-traded products (“ETPs”) on U.S. national securities exchanges. While the SEC had previously approved exchange-traded funds where the underlying assets were bitcoin futures contracts, 33 this order represents the first time the SEC has approved the listing and trading of ETPs that acquire, hold, and sell cryptocurrency directly. ETPs can be bought and sold on a stock exchange like traditional stocks, and provide investors with another means of gaining economic exposure to cryptocurrency through traditional brokerage accounts. Digital Asset Exchanges. Digital asset exchanges provide trading venues for purchases and sales of cryptocurrency in exchange for fiat or other digital assets. Cryptocurrency can be exchanged for fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, at rates of exchange determined by market forces on cryptocurrency trading platforms, which are not regulated in the same manner as traditional securities exchanges. In addition to these platforms, over-the-counter markets and derivatives markets for cryptocurrency also exist. The value of a cryptocurrency within the market is determined, in part, by the supply of and demand for the cryptocurrency in the global cryptocurrency market, market expectations for the adoption of the cryptocurrency as a store of value, the number of merchants that accept the cryptocurrency as a form of payment, and the volume of peer-to-peer transactions, among other factors. Service providers. Service providers offer a multitude of services to other participants in the cryptocurrency industry, including custodial and trade execution services, commercial and retail payment processing, loans secured by cryptocurrency collateral, and financial advisory services. If adoption of a cryptocurrency network continues to materially increase, we anticipate that service providers may expand the currently available range of services and that additional parties will enter the service sector for such cryptocurrency network. Material Agreements Itochu and Oishi Product Development Agreement We are party to the Product Development Agreement with Oishi and Itochu (the “Developers”). Pursuant to the Product Development Agreement, the Developers agreed to develop, exclusively for us, lidocaine tape products, including ZTlido and SP-103 (the “Products”). Pursuant to the Product Development Agreement, we obtained the rights to market, sell and distribute the Products in global markets outside of Japan. In carrying out the development responsibilities, the Developers agreed to, among other things, (1) source and provide the active pharmaceutical ingredient for the Products for manufacturing, (2) develop a stable final dosage form of the Products suitable for regulatory approvals, (3) conduct product development activities necessary to support the filing of applications for regulatory approvals for the Products and (4) conduct manufacturing scale-up activities and preclinical studies for the Products. We are responsible for, among other things, (a) conducting all pivotal human clinical trials for the Products, (b) completing all regulatory filings, correspondence and meetings with the FDA or other applicable governmental authorities with respect to the Products and (c) commercially launching the Products. We maintain the ultimate responsibility and decision-making control with regard to the marketing and pricing of the Products. The parties agreed to cooperate in good faith to determine whether to seek or maintain patent protection with respect to the Products, the active pharmaceutical ingredient, any associated method of use, method of manufacturing, or any other invention that could reasonably be expected to affect the commercialization or value of the Products. The Developers have the first right to pursue patent protection for any invention by them. All parties will jointly agree on the appointment of the patent representatives in each country outside of Japan. Until the expiration or termination of the Product Development Agreement, the Developers granted us an exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide license (except with respect to Japan) under its current and future intellectual property rights relating to the Products and the lidocaine in such Products. As consideration for the Developers’ development obligations under the Product Development Agreement, we agreed to pay a contingent quarterly royalty between 25% and 35% to the Developers based on the net quarterly profits of the Products. In the event that the net profits of any of the first four calendar quarters after the commercial launch equals a negative amount (a “Net Loss”), we are allowed to carry over such Net Loss to apply against all future calendar quarters until such Net Loss is covered, all calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Under the Product Development Agreement, if our total net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 are equal to or less than five percent of our net sales of ZTlido and SP-103 for a period of four or more consecutive quarters, the Developers have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement and the Commercial Supply Agreement. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 have not exceeded five percent of net sales. Accordingly, Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement and Commercial Supply Agreement. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, neither Oishi nor Itochu has exercised its right of termination. Additionally, if we receive any licensing fees from any third-party sublicensees, we are obligated to pay the same proportions of such licensing fee to the Developers. The current term of the Product Development Agreement will continue until October 2, 2028, which is the 10th anniversary of the first commercial sale of ZTlido. Afterwards, the agreement will renew automatically for subsequent successive one-year renewal periods 34 unless we or the Developers terminate it upon six months’ written notice. In addition, we or the Developers may terminate the Product Development Agreement if (1) the other party is in material breach of the agreement and the breach is not curable, or if the breach is curable and the breaching party has not cured such material breach within 180 days after notice requesting to cure; (2) the FDA determines that the formulation of the Products would not be eligible for FDA approval in the absence of efficacy studies, and the Developers are unable to address the efficacy study requirements despite good faith efforts; (3) the market conditions are such that (a) our total net profits of the Products are equal to or less than five percent of our net sales of the Products for a period of four or more consecutive quarters, or (b) the Products’ economic viability is affected significantly as evidenced by documentation and substantial information by any external circumstances deemed detrimental to all parties as agreed to by us and the Developers, and the parties are unable to resolve the concerns under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) after 30 days of good-faith discussion; (4) the parties fail to reach mutual agreement as to who will conduct the clinical studies and how the costs will be allocated; or (5) we or either one of the Developers are bankrupt or make assignment for the benefit of creditors. Additionally, we may terminate the Product Development Agreement if (i) any of the pivotal human clinical trials for any of the Products fail, or (ii) the FDA issues a “Refusal to File” for any of the Products’ regulatory approval application and, after reasonable consultation with the Developers, we believe that it is commercially unreasonable to re-file. The Developers may terminate the Product Development Agreement if we fail to file for regulatory approval for any of the Products within three months of the date on which all required components of the regulatory approval application are received by us. Under the Product Development Agreement, we and the Developers have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, to indemnify each other against any third-party liabilities arising out of (1) any breach of our respective representations, warranties or obligations under the Product Development Agreement, (2) any failure by either of us to comply with all applicable laws, or (3) our respective negligence or willful misconduct. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Product Development Agreement and its amendments in the forms filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the form of the agreement and its amendments for a complete understanding of all of their respective terms. Itochu and Oishi Commercial Supply Agreement Effective February 16, 2017, Scilex Pharma entered into the Commercial Supply Agreement. Pursuant to the Commercial Supply Agreement, Oishi agreed to manufacture, store, handle and perform quality control testing of the Products (as defined in the Product Development Agreement) at its facility in Japan. Itochu agreed to purchase Products from Oishi and handle the shipping of the Products. Both Oishi and Itochu agreed to provide us with certain technical support regarding the Products as reasonably requested by us, including but not limited to analytical test methods, method development, physical and chemical properties, and use of the Products. Under the Commercial Supply Agreement, we pay per item transfer prices for ZTlido, ZTlido professional samples and ZTlido placebo samples, in each case subject to certain minimum order quantities. We are required to provide a 12-month rolling purchase forecast of the estimated quantities of the Products in writing on a monthly basis. Oishi is required to promptly notify us and Itochu if it lacks the capacity to meet the forecast. All Products ordered by us will be in the form of a firm written purchase order. During the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, we purchased inventory in the amount of $3.4 million and $5.0 million, respectively, under the Commercial Supply Agreement. The Commercial Supply Agreement will remain in effect until the termination of the Product Development Agreement. Additionally, either we or the Developers may terminate the Commercial Supply Agreement (1) if the other party is in material breach of the agreement and the breach is not substantially cured within 60 days after receiving written notice specifying the nature of the breach, or (2) in the event of any of the parties’ insolvency, bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors. Any third-party claim arising out of a breach by a party of any representation, warranty or obligation under the Commercial Supply Agreement, or a failure by a party to comply with applicable laws, or the negligence or willful misconduct of a party, will be subject to and governed by the Product Development Agreement. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Commercial Supply Agreement and its amendments in the forms filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the form of the agreement and its amendments for a complete understanding of all of their respective terms. ELYXYB ® License and Commercialization Agreement On February 12, 2023, we acquired from BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (“BDSI”) and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (“Collegium”, and together with BDSI, the “ELYXYB Sellers”) the rights to certain patents, trademarks, regulatory approvals, data, contracts and other rights related to ELYXYB Ò (celecoxib oral solution) and its commercialization in the United States and Canada (the “ELYXYB Territory”). 35 As consideration for the acquisition, we assumed various rights and obligations under that certain asset purchase agreement, dated August 3, 2021 (the “DRL APA”), between BDSI and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (“DRL”), a company incorporated under the laws of India, including a license from DRL including an irrevocable, royalty-free, exclusive license to know-how and patents of DRL related to ELYXYB and necessary or used to exploit ELYXYB in the ELYXYB Territory. Additionally, under the DRL APA, the ELYXYB Sellers granted us an irrevocable, royalty-free, exclusive license to know-how related to ELYXYB and necessary or used to exploit ELYXYB in the ELYXYB Territory. No cash consideration was or will be payable to the ELYXYB Sellers for such acquisition; however, the obligations under the DRL APA that were assumed by us include obligations to pay royalties for sales of ELYXYB in the ELYXYB Territory for all indications and additional amounts if certain net sales and regulatory milestones are achieved. Romeg License and Commercialization Agreement On June 14, 2022 (the “Original Signing Date”), we entered into the Romeg License Agreement with Romeg, which agreement was subsequently amended on January 16, 2025. Under the Romeg License Agreement, among other things, Romeg granted us (1) a license, with the right to sublicense, under the patents and know-how specified therein to (a) commercialize a pharmaceutical product comprising liquid formulations of colchicine for the prophylactic treatment of gout in adult humans (the “Initial Licensed Product”) in the United States (including its territories) (the “Romeg U.S. Territory”), (b) develop other products comprising the Initial Licensed Product as an active pharmaceutical ingredient (together with the Initial Licensed Product, the “Licensed Products”) and commercialize any such products in the Romeg U.S. Territory and (c) manufacture Licensed Products anywhere in the world, solely for commercialization in the Romeg U.S. Territory; (2) an exclusive license, with right to sublicense, to use the trademark “GLOPERBA” and logos, designs, translations, and modifications thereof (collectively, the “Licensed Trademark”) in connection with the commercialization of the Initial Licensed Product solely in the Romeg U.S. Territory; and (3) pursuant to the amendment thereto, a license, with the right to (a) sublicense under the know-how and, if any, patents existing worldwide other than the Romeg U.S. Territory (the “Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory”), as specified therein, to develop, manufacture and commercialize Licensed Products in the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory and (b) to use the Licensed Trademark in connection with the commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory. With respect to the foregoing clause (1), the license to know-how is exclusive for purposes of developing and commercializing Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory during the Romeg U.S. Territory Royalty Term, but is otherwise non-exclusive, and the license to patents is exclusive for purposes of developing and commercializing Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory until July 1, 2027 and, thereafter, is co-exclusive with Granules Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the Romeg U.S. Territory Royalty Term for such purposes. The Romeg U.S. Territory Royalty Term begins on the Original Signing Date and ends on the later of (i) expiration of the last to expire of the patents that covers the manufacture or commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory or (ii) the tenth anniversary of the Original Signing Date. With respect to the foregoing clause (3), the license to know-how patents (if any) is exclusive during the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory Royalty Term, but is otherwise non-exclusive. The “Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory Royalty Term” begins on the date of the amendment agreement and ends on the tenth anniversary of such date. As consideration for the license under the Romeg License Agreement, we agreed to pay Romeg (1) an up-front payment of $2.0 million, (2) upon our achievement of certain net sales milestones, certain milestone payments in the aggregate amount of up to $13.0 million, (3) certain royalties in the mid-single digit percentage, based on annual net sales of the Licensed Products attributable to sales of the Licensed Products occurring in the Romeg U.S. Territory during the Romeg U.S. Territory Royalty Term, with a quarterly minimum royalty of $150,000, and (4) pursuant to the amendment thereto, (a) certain royalties in the low-single digit percentage, based on annual net sales of the Licensed Products attributable to sales of License Products in the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory during the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory Royalty Term and (b) a one-time, non-refundable, non-creditable payment of $700,000. Pursuant to the amendment agreement, we also transferred to Romeg 22,267 shares of our Common Stock. The Romeg License Agreement will remain in effect until it is terminated in accordance with the terms thereof. We may terminate the Romeg License Agreement (1) upon written notice to Romeg, if we elect (or are required) to withdraw the Initial Licensed Product from the market as a result of serious adverse reactions from use of such product, which termination will be effective 30 days following the date of such notice or (2) at any time, without cause, upon written notice to Romeg, which termination will be effective 120 days following the date of such notice, provided that a termination fee of up to $2.0 million shall be paid to Romeg depending on when during the 10-year period following the date of the agreement any such termination notice set forth in the immediately preceding clause (2) has been provided. Romeg may terminate the Romeg License Agreement (a) upon notice to us, if we fail to timely pay any milestone payment, percentage royalties or minimum quarterly royalties or fail to timely deliver the requisite quarterly report, which termination will be effective 30 days after the date of such notice, unless we have made such payment in full or delivered such quarterly report within such 30 day period; (b) immediately, if we challenge the licensed patents under any court action or proceeding or before any patent office or assist any third party to conduct any of these activities; or (c) by written notice to us if sales of the Licensed Products do not commence or continue within specified periods agreed to by the parties. In addition, either party may terminate the Romeg License Agreement (1) in the event the other party materially breaches the agreement, unless the breaching party has cured any such breach within 60 days after any notice thereof was provided or (2) in the event the other party (a) files in any court or agency a petition 36 in bankruptcy or insolvency, (b) is served with an involuntary petition against it in any insolvency proceeding and such involuntary petition has not been stayed or dismissed within 90 days after its filing, or (c) makes an assignment of substantially all of its assets for the benefit of its creditors. The Romeg License Agreement contains customary reciprocal indemnification obligations for Romeg and us. Additionally, we agreed, subject to certain exceptions, to indemnify Romeg against any loss arising out of the manufacture or commercialization of any Licensed Product by or on behalf of us or our affiliates, marketing partners, sublicensees or subcontractors on or after the date of the license. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Romeg License Agreement (including the amendment thereto) in the forms filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the form of the agreements for a complete understanding of all of their terms. Lifecore Master Services Agreement On January 27, 2017, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Semnur, we entered into that certain Master Services Agreement (as amended, the “Lifecore Master Services Agreement”), with Lifecore Biomedical, LLC (“Lifecore”). Pursuant to the Lifecore Master Services Agreement, Lifecore is responsible for clinical trial material manufacturing and development services for SEMDEXA as set forth in each separate statement of work (each a “Lifecore Statement of Work”). The parties entered into a Lifecore Statement of Work on January 27, 2017, pursuant to which Lifecore agreed to provide, among other things, (1) project management support, (2) development services, (3) clinical trial materials, and (4) stability studies. We paid Lifecore for the development and clinical trial material manufacturing services, which was invoiced at the completion of each service. For the purposes of Lifecore’s development and clinical trial material manufacturing obligations, we granted Lifecore a nonexclusive, worldwide and royalty-free license under our owned or controlled intellectual property rights necessary to manufacture SP-102, without additional right, title or interest in our intellectual property. The Lifecore Master Services Agreement expires on December 31, 2028, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of such agreement, or unless renewed further by the parties. Either party may terminate the Lifecore Master Services Agreement (1) if the other party is in material breach of the agreement and fails to cure such breach within 30 days of written notice, subject to certain exceptions; or (2) immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party (a) becomes insolvent, (b) ceases to function as a going concern, (c) is convicted of or pleads guilty to a charge of violating any law relating to either party’s business, or (d) engages in any act which materially impairs goodwill associated with SEMDEXA or materially impairs the terminating party’s trademark or trade name. In addition, Lifecore may terminate the agreement if (i) we fail to pay past due invoices upon 30 days’ written notice, or (ii) we reject or fail to respond to a major change or minor change proposed by Lifecore that does not change SEMDEXA’s written and approved acceptance criteria. The Lifecore Master Services Agreement contains customary reciprocal indemnification obligations for Lifecore and Semnur. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Lifecore Master Services Agreement and the amendments thereto in the forms filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the form of the agreement and its amendments for a complete understanding of all of their respective terms. Semnur Merger Agreement On March 18, 2019, Legacy Scilex acquired Semnur pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Semnur (as amended, the “Semnur Merger Agreement”), Sigma Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy Scilex (“Sigma Merger Sub”), Fortis Advisors LLC, solely as representative of the holders of Semnur equity (the “Semnur Equityholders’ Representative”), and for limited purposes, Sorrento. Pursuant to the Semnur Merger Agreement, Sigma Merger Sub merged with and into Semnur (the “Semnur Merger”), with Semnur surviving as Legacy Scilex’s wholly owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Semnur Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, Legacy Scilex also agreed to pay former holders of Semnur’s capital stock (the “Semnur Equityholders”) up to $280.0 million in aggregate contingent cash consideration based on the achievement of certain milestones (which amount is expected to be charged back to Semnur through an intercompany arrangement), comprised of a $40.0 million payment that will be due upon obtaining the first approval of a NDA of a Semnur product by the FDA and additional payments that will be due upon the achievement of certain amounts of net sales of Semnur products, as follows: (i) a $20.0 million payment upon the achievement of $100.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product, (ii) a $20.0 million payment upon the achievement of $250.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product, (iii) a $50.0 million payment upon the achievement of $500.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product, and (iv) a $150.0 million payment upon 37 the achievement of $750.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, none of the foregoing payments have been triggered. The Semnur Merger Agreement also provided that following the consummation of Legacy Scilex’s first bona fide equity financing with one or more third-party financing sources on an arms’ length basis with gross proceeds to Legacy Scilex of at least $40.0 million, certain of the former Semnur optionholders will be paid cash in lieu of: (i) the 352,972 shares of Legacy Scilex Common Stock otherwise issuable to such former Semnur optionholders pursuant to the Semnur Merger Agreement, and (ii) any shares that would otherwise be issued to such former Semnur optionholders upon release of shares held in escrow pursuant to the Semnur Merger Agreement, with such shares in each case valued at $1.16 per share. The Semnur optionholders subsequently agreed, under the terms of the Exchange Agreement (as defined and described below) to forego the foregoing right to any such payment in exchange for the right to participate in the Share Exchange (as defined below). In March 2019, the Semnur Equityholders that received $55.0 million of shares of Common Stock (47,039,315 shares issued and 352,972 shares issuable, valued at $1.16 per share) (the “the Stock Consideration”) were required to sign an Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement with Legacy Scilex (as amended, the “Exchange Agreement”). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, if within 18 months following the closing of the Semnur Merger, 100% of the outstanding equity of Legacy Scilex had not been acquired by a third party or Legacy Scilex had not entered into a definitive agreement with respect to, or otherwise consummated, a firmly underwritten offering of Legacy Scilex capital stock on a major stock exchange that met certain requirements, then holders of the Stock Consideration could collectively elect to exchange, during the 60-day period commencing the date that was the 18-month anniversary of the closing of the Semnur Merger (the “Share Exchange”), the Stock Consideration for shares of Sorrento’s common stock with a value of $55.0 million based on a price per share of Sorrento’s common stock equal to the greater of (a) the 30-day trailing volume weighted average price of one share of Sorrento’s common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) as of the consummation of the Share Exchange and (b) $5.55 (subject to adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction) (the “Exchange Price”). Pursuant to an amendment to the Exchange Agreement entered into by Sorrento and the Semnur Equityholders’ Representative on September 28, 2020, on October 9, 2020, Sorrento paid $55.0 million in cash to the Semnur Equityholders in lieu of issuing $55.0 million of shares of Sorrento’s common stock at the Exchange Price. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Semnur Merger Agreement (including the amendment thereto) in the forms filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the Semnur Merger Agreement (including the amendment thereto) for a complete understanding of all of their respective terms. Aardvark Asset Purchase Agreement In April 2021, Sorrento entered into an asset purchase agreement (the “Aardvark Asset Purchase Agreement”) with Aardvark Therapeutics, Inc. (“Aardvark”), pursuant to which, among other things, Sorrento acquired Aardvark’s Delayed Burst Release Low Dose Naltrexone (DBR-LDN) asset and intellectual property rights, for the treatment of chronic pain, fibromyalgia and chronic post-COVID syndrome (collectively, the “SP-104 Assets”), which includes a Statement of Work dated November 18, 2020 (the “Tulex Statement of Work”), pursuant to which Tulex agreed to, among other things, develop, test and manufacture clinical supplies of SP-104 for Sorrento. Subsequent to the acquisition, Sorrento designated Legacy Scilex to lead all development efforts related to SP-104 and on May 12, 2022, Legacy Scilex and Sorrento entered into a bill of sale and assignment and assumption agreement (the “Bill of Sale”), pursuant to which Sorrento sold, conveyed, assigned and transferred to Legacy Scilex all of its rights, title and interest in and to the SP-104 Assets (including PCT/US2021/053645 and all patents and patent applications that claim priority rights thereto) and Legacy Scilex assumed all of Sorrento’s rights, liabilities and obligations under the Aardvark Asset Purchase Agreement (the “SP-104 Acquisition”). As consideration for the SP-104 Acquisition, Legacy Scilex issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 to Sorrento (the “Promissory Note”). The Promissory Note matures seven years from the date of issuance and bears interest at the rate equal to the lesser of (a) 2.66% simple interest per annum and (b) the maximum interest rate permitted under law. The Promissory Note is payable in cash, shares of Common Stock (any shares so issued, the “Consideration Shares”) or any combination thereof, at Legacy Scilex’s sole discretion, and may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty. Legacy Scilex also agreed to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a resale registration statement, relating to the resale by Sorrento of any Consideration Shares that may be issued to Sorrento, within 60 days of the issuance of such Consideration Shares. As the successor to the Aardvark Asset Purchase Agreement, Legacy Scilex is obligated to pay Aardvark (i) $3,000,000, upon initial approval by the FDA of a new drug application for the LDN Formulation (as defined in the Aardvark Asset Purchase Agreement) (which amount may be paid in shares of Common Stock or cash, in Legacy Scilex’s sole discretion) (the “Development Milestone Payment”) and (ii) $20,000,000, in cash, upon achievement of certain net sales by Legacy Scilex of a commercial product that uses the LDN Formulation (the “Commercial Product”). Legacy Scilex will also pay Aardvark certain royalties in the single digits based on percentages 38 of annual net sales by Legacy Scilex of a commercial product that uses the LDN Formulation. The royalty percentage is subject to reduction in certain circumstances. Royalties are due for so long as Commercial Product is covered by a valid patent in the country of sale or for ten years following the first commercial sale of the Commercial Product, whichever is longer. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, none of the foregoing payments have been triggered. In connection with its acquisition of the SP-104 Assets, Legacy Scilex has agreed that if it issues any shares of Common Stock in respect of the Development Milestone Payment, Legacy Scilex will prepare and file one or more registration statements with the SEC for the purpose of registering for resale such shares and is required to file such registration statement with the SEC within 60 days following the date on which any such shares are issued. Tien-Li Lee, M.D., a former member of our board of directors (the “Board”), is the founder, chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Aardvark. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Aardvark Asset Purchase Agreement, Bill of Sale and Promissory Note in the forms filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the forms of these agreements for a complete understanding of all of their respective terms. Tulex Master Services Agreement As described above, in connection with the SP-104 Acquisition, Legacy Scilex acquired the Tulex Statement of Work, pursuant to which Tulex, among other things, develops, tests and manufactures clinical supplies of SP-104 for Legacy Scilex. The Tulex Statement of Work is governed by the terms of a master services agreement (the “Tulex Master Services Agreement”). The Tulex Master Services Agreement was novated to Legacy Scilex on June 15, 2022, and will remain in effect until five years after the effective date, unless terminated early by either party. Either party may terminate the Tulex Master Services Agreement or a Tulex Statement of Work by written notice (1) if the other party is in material breach of the agreement or a Tulex Statement of Work and fails to cure such breach within 15 days after receipt of notice of such breach (or such other time period expressly stated in the applicable Tulex Statement of Work) or (2) in the event of the other party’s insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership, or a failure to remove any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings within ten days from the date of institution of such proceedings. In addition, we may terminate the agreement or any Tulex Statement of Work (1) without cause upon 30 days prior written notice to Tulex or (2) immediately upon written notice in the event Tulex is dissolved or undergoes a change in control. A termination or expiration of a single Tulex Statement of Work will not cause the automatic termination of the agreement or of any other Tulex Statement of Work. Each party under the Tulex Master Services Agreement agreed to indemnify the other party, its affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents against any third-party liabilities arising out of (1) such party’s breach of the Tulex Master Services Agreement or a Tulex Statement of Work or (2) the negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such party, its officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives in connection with the Tulex Master Services Agreement. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Tulex Master Services Agreement in the form filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the form of the agreement for a complete understanding of all of its terms. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our drug products, product candidates, and related technology and know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, pursuing and obtaining patent protection in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the United States related to our novel adhesion and delivery technology, inventions, improvements, drug products, and product candidates that are important to the development and implementation of our business. Our patent portfolio is intended to cover our product candidates, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, and any other inventions that are commercially important to our business. We also rely on trade secret protection of our confidential information and know-how relating to our novel adhesion and delivery technology, platforms and product candidates. Generally, patents are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed non-provisional filing date. In certain instances, the patent term can be adjusted to recapture a portion of delay by the PTO in examining the patent application or extended to account for term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period, or both. We cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending or future applications or that any patents will adequately protect our product or product candidates. Our patent portfolio, consisting of owned and/or licensed IP as of December 31, 2025, contains approximately 27 issued and unexpired U.S. patents and nine pending U.S. patent applications. Our portfolio also includes certain foreign counterparts of these patents and 39 patent applications including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, South Africa, Taiwan, and certain countries within the European Patent Convention. With respect to ZTlido and SP-103, our patents and patent applications cover compositions and methods of treatment. We license eight issued U.S. patents and two pending U.S. patent applications relating to lidocaine topical system compositions and methods of treating pain with lidocaine topical system compositions. The patents are U.S. Pat. Nos. 9,283,174, 9,925,264, 9,931,403, 10,765,749, 10,765,640, 11,278,623, 11,786,455, and 11,793,766, all of which expire in 2031. With respect to GLOPERBA, our licensed patents include U.S. Pat. Nos. 9,907,751, 10,226,423, 10,383,820, 10,383,821, and 11,672,759, which relate to liquid colchicine formulations for oral administration and associated methods of use. U.S. Pat. No. 10,226,423 expires in 2037. The remaining patents related to GLOPERBA expire in 2036. With respect to ELYXYB, our patents and patent applications relate to liquid oral celecoxib formulations and associated methods of use. The issued patents include U.S. Pat. Nos. 9,572,819, 9,795,620, 9,949,990, 10,376,527, 10,799,517, 10,722,456, and 12,168,000. U.S. Pat. No. 12,168,000 expires in 2041. The remaining patents related to ELYXYB expire in 2036. With respect to our product candidate SEMDEXA, our patents and patent applications that we own include formulations and methods of treatment. The patents are U.S. Pat. Nos. 10,500,284, 10,117,938, and 11,020,485, all of which expire in 2036. With respect to SP-104, our pending U.S. patent application covers oral delayed burst formulations of low-dose naloxone or naltrexone and related methods of treatment. We continue to seek to maximize the scope of our patent protection for all our programs. All statements regarding the expiration of our owned and licensed patents are calculated as 20 years after the earliest nonprovisional priority date and do not account for any patent term adjustment (“PTA”), regulatory extension, or terminal disclaimers not already in force as of December 31, 2024; these calculations also assume that all annuity and/or maintenance fees are paid timely. We believe that we have certain know-how and trade secrets relating to our technology and product candidates. We rely on trade secrets to protect certain aspects of our technology related to our current and future product candidates. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our trade secrets, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, service providers, and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Trademarks, Trade Secrets and Other Proprietary Information We file trademark applications and pursue registrations in the United States and abroad when appropriate. We own registered U.S. trademarks for the marks “SCILEX,” “ZTlido,” “ELYXYB,” and “RESPONSIBLE BY DESIGN.” We also own pending trademark applications for “SEMNUR PHARMACEUTICALS,” “SCILEX BIO,” and “SEMDEXA” in the United States. We also license the GLOPERBA trademark as discussed in relation to the Romeg License Agreement described above. We also depend upon the skills, knowledge and experience of our scientific and technical personnel, as well as that of our advisors, consultants and other contractors. To help protect our proprietary know-how, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests. Our policy is to require each of our employees, consultants and advisors to execute a confidentiality and inventions assignment agreement before beginning their employment, consulting or advisory relationship with us. The agreements generally provide that the individual must keep confidential and not disclose to other parties any confidential information developed or learned by the individual during the course of the individual’s relationship with us except in limited circumstances. These agreements generally also provide that we will own all inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us. SEMDEXA benefits from our substantial intellectual property portfolio and other technical barriers to entry for potential competitors. Historically, we have purchased our clinical and commercial supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate, one of the excipients for SP-102, from Genzyme pursuant to a supply agreement, which terminated as of May 31, 2024. We anticipate that our current supply of sodium hyaluronate will be sufficient to satisfy our clinical and commercial supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate for at least 12 months following our expected commercial launch of SP-102 in 2027. We are currently in discussions with Sanofi, an affiliate of Genzyme, and are in the process of identifying and certifying new suppliers, in each case to fulfill our future supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate. Our complex manufacturing process, specialized equipment and know-how for sterile viscous product candidates are also key to our competitive edge. We believe that our competitors will be required to conduct lengthy and costly preclinical and clinical trials to establish products with comparable tolerability profiles and clinical benefits to SEMDEXA. Government Regulation and Product Approval 40 Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local levels, and in other countries and jurisdictions, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, pricing, reimbursement, sales, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of products such as those we are marketing and developing. SP-102, SP-103, SP-104 and any other product candidate that we develop must be approved by the FDA or otherwise authorized for marketing before they may be legally marketed in the United States and by the corresponding foreign regulatory agencies before they may be legally marketed in foreign countries. The processes for obtaining marketing approvals, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. U.S. Drug Development Process In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the FDCA and implementing regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant or its products to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as imposition of a clinical hold, the FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, inspection scrutiny, issuance of untitled or warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, or reimbursements, restitution, disgorgement of profits or other civil or criminal penalties. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: • completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices (“GLPs”) or other applicable regulations; • submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application (“IND”), which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an institutional review board (“IRB”) covering each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the laws and regulations pertaining to the conduct of human clinical trials, collectively referred to as Good Clinical Practice (“GCP”) requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug product candidate for its proposed indication; • submission to the FDA of an NDA or other marketing application (collectively, an “NDA”), requesting marketing approval for one or more proposed indications, which includes not only the results of the clinical trials, but also, detailed information on the chemistry, manufacturing and quality controls (“CMC”) for the proposed new drug and proposed labeling; • satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; • satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug substance, drug product, packaging components and device are produced to assess compliance with the FDA’s cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, manufacturing, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug product’s identity, strength, quality and purity; • potential FDA audit of the preclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and • FDA review and approval of the NDA prior to any commercial marketing, sale, distribution or shipment of the drug. Before testing novel compounds with potential therapeutic value in humans, the drug candidate enters the preclinical testing stage, also referred to as preclinical studies. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the drug candidate. The conduct of the preclinical studies must comply with federal laws and requirements including GLPs. The IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, and any available clinical data or literature, to the FDA as part of the IND. The sponsor will also include a protocol detailing, among other things, the objectives of the first phase of the clinical trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated, if the first phase lends itself to an efficacy evaluation. Some preclinical studies may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on a full clinical hold or partial clinical hold within that 30-day time period. Under a full clinical hold, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Under a partial clinical hold, there may be delay or suspension of only part of 41 the clinical work requested under the IND. Following issuance of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold, a clinical trial (or full clinical trial in the case of a partial clinical hold) may only resume after the FDA has notified the sponsor that the trial may proceed.  The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a drug candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns, non-compliance, or for additional reasons. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such trial. Clinical trials involve the administration of the drug candidate to healthy subjects or patients with the target disease under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by the trial sponsor. Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, subject selection and exclusion criteria, dosing procedures, and the parameters to be used to collect data and to monitor subject safety. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND, and timely safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and investigators for suspected adverse reactions that are serious and unexpected and other safety related findings. Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with applicable statutes, the FDA’s regulations and GCP requirements. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to and signed by each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until it is completed. In some instances, additional oversight boards, such as a data safety monitoring board, are required to evaluate interim data and determine whether a study should continue or be modified or terminated. Information about many clinical trials is required to be publicly reported on www.ClinicalTrials.gov or similar databases. Semnur is conducting a second phase 3 confirmatory trial SP-102-05 (CLEAR-2) globally, with investigative sites in India and the U.S. Trial will enroll patients with lumbosacral radicular pain (sciatica) to meet requirements for product registration in the U.S. and globally. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: • Phase 1 . The drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing may be conducted only in patients having the specific disease. • Phase 2 . The drug is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule for patients having specific disease. • Phase 3 . The drug is administered to an expanded patient population in adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to generate sufficient data to statistically confirm the safety and efficacy of the product for potential approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product, and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product. Generally, at least two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA. In some cases, the FDA may approve a drug based on the results of a single adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 trial for excellent design and which provided highly reliable and statistically strong evidence of important clinical benefit.  The FDA’s decision to approve a drug product using the results of a single adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 trial depends both on the quality and quantity of the evidence and considers trial design, trial endpoints, and statistical methodologies, as well as the availability of other confirmatory evidence or reliance on a previous finding of effectiveness of an approved drug when scientifically and legally permissible. Post-approval studies, also referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and may be required by the FDA as part of the approval process. Progress reports detailing the status of drug development and results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for suspected adverse reactions that are serious and unexpected (including increased rate of occurrence of such adverse reactions), findings from other studies that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the drug, or any findings from tests in laboratory animals that suggests a significant risk for human subjects or patients. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not yield positive results or may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to study subjects. 42 During the development of a new drug, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points. These points may be prior to submission of an IND, at the end of Phase 2, the end of Phase 3 and before an NDA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested. These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice, and for the sponsor and the FDA to reach agreement on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use the end of Phase 2 meeting to discuss their Phase 2 clinical results and present their plans for the Phase 3 clinical trials or manufacturing process validation and testing and their pre-NDA meeting that they believe will support approval of the new drug. Concurrently with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug as well as validate a process for commercial manufacturing the product in accordance with cGMP requirements. The commercial manufacturing process must be capable of consistently and continuously producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop appropriate methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. FDA Review and Approval Processes The results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials for the proposed indications are incorporated into an NDA requesting approval to market the product. The application may include both negative or ambiguous results of preclinical and clinical trials as well as positive findings. In addition, proposed labeling and descriptions of the manufacturing process and controls, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling and other relevant information are required to be submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA. The submission of an NDA is subject to the payment of substantial user fees, and a waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. The FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for the specified indication(s), and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product’s identity, strength, quality, and purity. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the product’s safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA.  Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (“PDUFA”) guidelines that are currently in effect, the FDA has a goal of ten months from the date of “filing” of a standard, original NDA for a new molecular entity to review and act on the submission. This review typically takes twelve months from the date the NDA is submitted to the FDA because the FDA has approximately two months to make a “filing” decision after the application is submitted. The FDA conducts a preliminary review of all NDAs within the first 60 days after submission, before accepting them for filing, to determine whether they are sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for filing. In this event, the NDA must be resubmitted with additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. After the NDA is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product candidate is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product candidate is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP requirements.  The FDA may refer applications for novel drug products or drug products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation, and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. The FDA conducts its own analysis of the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and us during the review process. The review and evaluation of an NDA by the FDA is extensive and time-consuming and may take longer than originally planned to complete, and we may not receive a timely approval, if at all. During the drug approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) is necessary to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will generally inspect the facilities at which the product is to be manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP requirements. 43 After the FDA evaluates an NDA, it will issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified by the FDA and may require additional clinical data, such as an additional pivotal Phase 3 trial or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the sponsor must resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require post-approval studies, referred to as Phase 4 testing, which involve clinical trials designed to further assess a product’s safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA administers a number of different programs that enable the agency and sponsors in various ways to expedite the development or agency review of a new drug product. Among these, the FDA has a fast-track designation that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drug products that meet certain criteria. New drugs are eligible for fast-track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. As an example of the modified processes available to a fast track product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the NDA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA. Any product submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with a fast-track designation, may also be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new drug designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. The FDA endeavors to review applications with priority review designations within six months of the filing date as compared to ten months for review of other NDAs under its current PDUFA review goals. In addition, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Drug products intended to treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may be eligible for accelerated approval upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA will require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform additional adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. Under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 (FDORA), the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product approved under the accelerated approval pathway. FDA has issued draft guidance that proposes criteria it will evaluate to determine if a trial is underway, including whether enrollment in the trial has been initiated. Since the FDORA amendments, the FDA has increased authority for expedited procedures to withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under accelerated approval if, for example, the confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product.  In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval of pre-use submission of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Fast track designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. The Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act established a category of drugs referred to as “breakthrough therapies” that may be eligible to receive breakthrough therapy designation. A sponsor may seek the FDA designation of a product candidate as a “breakthrough therapy” if the product is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all the fast-track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance. The breakthrough therapy designation is a distinct status from both accelerated approval and priority review, which can also be granted to 44 the same drug if relevant criteria are met. If a product is designated as breakthrough therapy, the FDA will work with the sponsor to expedite the development and review of such drug. With passage of the 21st Century Cures Act in December 2016, Congress authorized the FDA to accelerate review and approval of products designated as regenerative advanced therapies. A product is eligible for this designation if it is a regenerative medicine therapy that is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such disease or condition. The benefits of a regenerative advanced therapy designation include early interactions with the FDA to expedite development and review, benefits available to breakthrough therapies, potential eligibility for priority review and accelerated approval based on surrogate or intermediate endpoints. Pediatric Trials Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, a marketing application for a drug or biological product for a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen, or new route of administration must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDCA requires that a sponsor submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan (PSP) within 60 days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and the FDA. The FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement on the PSP. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct or a justification for not including certain required information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA may grant deferrals for the development and submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers after the initial submission of a pediatric study plan following an end of Phase 2 meeting. Post-Approval Requirements Once approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown risks or problems with a product may result in labeling changes, restrictions on the product or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, certain manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP regulations and other laws and regulations. NDA holders using contract manufacturers, laboratories, or packagers are responsible for the selection and monitoring of qualified firms, and, in certain circumstances, qualified suppliers to these firms. These firms and, where applicable, their suppliers are subject to inspections by the FDA at any time, and the discovery of violative conditions, including failure to conform to cGMP, could result in enforcement actions that interrupt the operation of any such facilities or the ability to distribute products manufactured, processed or tested by them.  In addition, the FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA. For example, the FDA may require post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product’s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. Any drug products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences or quality issues with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, satisfaction of post-approval requirements or commitments, product sampling, distribution and tracking and tracing requirements, and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements. These promotion and advertising requirements include, among other things, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions against promoting drugs for uses, or in patient populations, that are not described in the drug’s approved labeling, which is known as “off-label use,” rules for conducting industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the internet. Failure to comply with post-approval requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. Certain products may be comprised of components that would normally be regulated under different types of regulatory authorities, and frequently by different centers at the FDA. These products are known as combination products. The constituent parts of a combination product retain their regulatory status, for example, as a drug or device, and as such, we may be subject to additional requirements related to the manufacture and distribution of any such products, including ZTlido. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant, manufacturer, or product to administrative or judicial civil or criminal sanctions and adverse 45 publicity. FDA sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, clinical holds on post-approval clinical trials, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal penalties. Hatch-Waxman Amendments Section 505 of the FDCA describes three types of NDAs that may be submitted to request marketing authorization for a new drug, the first being a 505(b)(1) NDA. A 505(b)(1) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and effectiveness. A 505(b)(2) NDA likewise contains full reports of investigations of safety and effectiveness relevant to a product, but where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant, and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. This regulatory pathway enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA’s findings of safety and efficacy for an existing product (the “listed drug”), or published literature, in support of its application. The FDA may also require 505(b)(2) applicants to perform additional studies or measurements to support the change from the listed drug. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all or some of the labeled indications for which the listed drug has been approved, or for any new indication sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant. Section 505(j) establishes an abbreviated approval process for generic versions of approved drug products through the submission of an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”). An ANDA generally provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form, and with the same labeling and route of administration as the reference listed drug and has been shown to be bioequivalent to the listed drug. ANDA applicants are required to conduct bioequivalence testing to confirm chemical and therapeutic equivalence to the branded reference drug. Generic versions of drugs can often, and sometimes must, be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the branded reference drug. In seeking approval of an NDA or a supplement thereto, NDA sponsors are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the applicant’s product or an approved method of using the product. Upon approval, each of the patents listed by the NDA sponsor is published in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book.  Upon submission of an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA, an applicant must certify to the FDA at least one of the following (1) no patent information on the drug product that is relied upon by the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA (known as the reference drug) has been submitted to the FDA; (2) such patent has expired; (3) the date on which such patent expires; or (4) such patent is invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of the drug product for which the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA is submitted. This last certification is known as a Paragraph IV Certification. If the NDA holder for the reference drug or patent owner(s) asserts a patent challenge to the Paragraph IV Certification, the FDA may not approve that application until the earlier of 30 months from the receipt of the notice of the Paragraph IV Certification, the expiration of the patent, when the infringement case concerning each such patent was favorably decided in the applicant’s favor or such shorter or longer period as may be ordered by a court. This prohibition is generally referred to as the 30-month stay. Thus, approval of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA could be delayed for a significant period of time depending on the patent certification the applicant makes and the reference drug sponsor’s or patent owner’s decision to initiate patent litigation. In addition to, and distinct from the patent protection provisions, the Hatch-Waxman Amendments establish periods of regulatory exclusivity for certain approved drug products, during which the FDA cannot approve (or in some cases accept) an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application that relies on the branded reference drug. For example, the holder of an NDA may obtain five years of exclusivity upon approval of a new drug containing a new chemical entity that has not been previously approved by the FDA. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments also provide three years of marketing exclusivity to the holder of an NDA (including a 505(b)(2) NDA) for a particular condition of approval, or change to a marketed product, such as a new formulation for a previously approved product, if one or more new clinical trials (other than bioavailability or bioequivalence studies) was essential to the approval of the application and was conducted/sponsored by the applicant. This three-year exclusivity period protects against FDA approval of ANDAs and 505(b)(2) NDAs for drugs that include the innovation that required the new clinical data but generally allows the approval for non-protected characteristics and labeling. Third-Party Payor Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement In the United States and markets in other countries, patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing the prescribed services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Thus, sales of a product will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for the product. Third-party payors include government payor programs at the federal and state levels, including Medicare and Medicaid, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new drug products are often made by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), an agency within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). CMS decides whether and to what extent a new drug product will be covered and 46 reimbursed under Medicare, and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. However, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication, and which can change over time. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA or other comparable regulatory approvals. Additionally, companies may also need to provide discounts to purchasers, private health plans or government healthcare programs, in order for the company’s products to be considered as a formulary option. Nonetheless, product candidates may not be considered by individual payors to be medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor’s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that a preferred formulary position or an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor’s determination to provide coverage for a product does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for the product, and the level of coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. The cost of pharmaceuticals continues to generate substantial governmental and third-party payor interest. We expect that the pharmaceutical industry will experience pricing pressures due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of managed care organizations and additional legislative proposals. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. Adoption of such controls and measures and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceuticals such as our products and the product candidates that we are developing and could adversely affect our net revenue and results. See the discussion below under “ U.S. Healthcare Reform” , and regarding the Inflation Reduction Act for further information. Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Economic Area (“EEA”) (which is currently comprised of the 27 Member States of the EU plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein), governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some countries in the EEA operate positive and negative list systems under which some medicinal products are selected for coverage (positive list) and others are explicitly listed as excluded from reimbursement (negative list). To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these EEA countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product to currently available therapies. Other EEA countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medicinal products but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert commercial pressure on pricing within a country. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. U.S. Healthcare Reform In the United States there have been, and continue to be, proposals by the federal government, state governments, regulators and third-party payors to control or manage the increased costs of healthcare and, more generally, to reform the U.S. healthcare system. The pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2020 (the “ACA”) was enacted, which is intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms, and which substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, (1) subjected therapeutic biologics to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars by creating a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products, (2) prescribed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, (3) increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, (4) established annual nondeductible fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs, (5) established a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer’s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D, (6) expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new 47 mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133% of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers’ Medicaid rebate liability, (7) expanded the entities eligible for discounts under the 340B Public Health Service Act program, (8) created a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research, and (9) established a Center for Medicare Innovation at the CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, Congressional and Administrative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. For example, legislation affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA has been signed into law. The Tax Cuts and JOBS Act of 2017 (the “TCJA”) included a provision that repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the “individual mandate”. Further, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (the “BBA”), among other things, amended the ACA, effective January 1, 2019, to increase from 50% to 70% the point-of-sale discount that is owned by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D and to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the “donut hole”. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the “individual mandate” was repealed by Congress. Thus, while the ACA remains in effect in its current form, it is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. In addition, on August 16, 2022, former President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 into law, which, among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The Inflation Reduction Act also eliminated the “donut hole” under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how additional healthcare reform measures of the Trump administration or other efforts, if any, to modify or invalidate the ACA or its implementing regulations, or portions thereof, will impact our business. For example, on July 4, 2025, legislation commonly referred to as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act was signed into law, which reduced funding to federal healthcare programs and imposed additional requirements to be eligible for healthcare, which may result in decreased access to healthcare, particularly in Medicaid programs.  Any health care reform measures will likely take time to unfold and could have an impact on coverage and reimbursement for healthcare items and services. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of any healthcare reform legislation or other policy or the impact of potential legislation or other policy on us. Other legislative and administrative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted to reduce healthcare expenditures. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, in connection with subsequent legislation, reduced Medicare payments to providers, on average, by 2% per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the BBA, will remain in effect into 2032. Under the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, estimated budget deficit increases resulting from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 and subsequent legislation would trigger reductions in Medicare payments to providers, but 2025 legislation eliminated the impact of the estimated budget deficit increases by setting the scorecard used to determine the need for such reductions (sequestration) equal to zero. Moreover, on January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. If federal spending is further reduced, anticipated budgetary shortfalls may impact the ability of relevant agencies to continue to function at current levels. Amounts allocated to federal grants and contracts may be reduced or eliminated. These reductions may also impact the ability of relevant agencies to timely review and approve research and development, manufacturing, and marketing activities, which may delay our ability to develop, market and sell any products we may develop. Recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. On August 16, 2022, former President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which among other things, contains two specific provisions affecting pricing for drugs and biologics. The first provision allows for CMS to negotiate prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D, beginning with ten high-cost drugs paid for by Medicare Part D starting in 2026, followed by 15 Part D drugs in 2027, 15 Part B or Part D drugs in 2028, and 20 Part B or Part D drugs in 2029 and beyond. The legislation subjects drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax for failing to comply with the legislation by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated “maximum fair price” under the law or for taking price increases that exceed inflation. The legislation also caps Medicare beneficiaries’ annual out-of-pocket drug expenses at $2,000. The second provision imposes a requirement that pharma manufacturers provide a rebate to Medicare, if the manufacturer increases price at a rate higher than the measured inflation rate. Medicaid has had a rebate program for several years, but Medicare did not. The intent is to limit price increases. The new rebate applies to drugs covered by Medicare under Part B or Part D. Various industry stakeholders, including pharmaceutical companies, have lawsuits pending against the federal government asserting that the price negotiation provisions of the IRA are unconstitutional. HHS 48 has generally won the substantive disputes in these cases, but certain of these cases continue to be appealed. The current Administration has also issued public statements and other executive orders about its commitment to lowering the cost of prescription drugs and has sought additional voluntary agreements to reduce drug pricing from certain pharmaceutical manufacturers. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. In some cases, states appear interested in public policy designed to encourage drug importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In January 2024, the FDA authorized Florida’s Agency for Health Care Administration’s drug importation program, which is the first step toward Florida facilitating importation of certain prescription drugs from Canada. Authorization of other state programs may follow as other states have submitted importation program proposals. The Trump Administration has publicly supported such state-directed importation programs, and FDA has taken steps to facilitate such states in initiating such programs. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third-party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. We expect that other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and  additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and could seriously harm our future revenue. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product. Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements In the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, other divisions of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the United States Department of Justice and individual United States Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, and state and local governments. For example, various activities, including but not limited to sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs, must comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act and similar state laws, each as amended. Failure to comply with such requirements could potentially result in substantial penalties to us. Even if we structure our programs with the intent of compliance with such laws, there can be no certainty that we would not need to defend against enforcement or litigation, in light of the fact that there is significant enforcement interest in pharmaceutical companies in the United States, and some of the applicable laws are quite broad in scope. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits any person, including a pharmaceutical manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf), from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. The term “remuneration” is not defined in the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including for example, gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment, credit arrangements, payments of cash, waivers of payments, ownership interests and providing anything at less than its fair market value. Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain business arrangements from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection from federal Anti-Kickback Statute liability. The government can establish a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute without proving that a person or entity had actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the ACA provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act (discussed below) or the civil monetary penalties statute, which imposes fines against any person who is determined to have presented or caused to be presented claims to a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. Additionally, many states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, and some of these state prohibitions apply to referral of patients for healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, not only the Medicare and Medicaid programs in at least some cases, and do not contain safe harbors. The federal False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of government funds, or knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be made or used a false statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly conceals or knowingly and improperly avoids, or decreases an obligation to pay money to the government. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring civil actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has submitted a false claim to the federal government and to share in any 49 monetary recovery. In recent years, the number of suits brought by private individuals has increased dramatically. In addition, various states have enacted false claims laws analogous to the False Claims Act. Some of these state laws apply where a claim is submitted to any third-party payor and not merely a federal healthcare program. There are many potential bases for liability under the False Claims Act. Liability arises, primarily, when an entity knowingly submits, or causes another to submit, a false claim for reimbursement to the federal government. The False Claims Act has been used to assert liability on the basis of inadequate care, kickbacks and other improper referrals, improperly reported government pricing metrics such as Best Price or Average Manufacturer Price, improper promotion of off-label uses (i.e., uses not expressly approved by the FDA in a drug’s label), and allegations as to misrepresentations with respect to the services rendered. Our activities relating to the reporting of discount and rebate information and other information affecting federal, state and third-party reimbursement of our products, and the sale and marketing of our products and our service arrangements or data purchases, among other activities, may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. We are unable to predict whether we would be subject to actions under the False Claims Act or a similar state law, or the impact of such actions. However, the cost of defending such claims, as well as any sanctions imposed, could adversely affect our financial performance. The healthcare fraud provisions under the U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations (“HIPAA”) impose criminal liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private third-party payors, or falsifying or covering up a material fact or making any materially false or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. We may be subject to, or our marketing activities may be limited by, data privacy and security law and regulation promulgated by both the U.S. federal government and the U.S. states in which we conduct our business. For example, under HIPAA, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services imposes upon “covered entities” (broadly, healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses) and their respective “business associates” (individuals or entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information on behalf of a covered entity) the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules which include privacy obligations; requirements to implement appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and security of electronic protected health information; and breach response notification obligations. Although we are neither a covered entity nor business associate, and therefore not subject to the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules, we must monitor developments with these requirements for changing obligations that may apply to us. The Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) also requires companies to take appropriate steps to keep consumers’ personal information secure and to make accurate statements regarding how they secure personal information under their custody or control, such as in a privacy notice. The FTC also expects a company’s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of personal information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve data security and reduce vulnerabilities. Individually identifiable health information, which we process, is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. Violations of the foregoing FTC requirements may constitute unfair or deceptive acts or practices under Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (the “FTC Act”). While we do not intend to engage in unfair or deceptive acts or practices, the FTC has the power to bring enforcement actions based on the FTC’s interpretation of public privacy statements. Additionally, the FTC’s Health Breach Notification Rule applies to health apps and other similar technologies and includes breach notification requirements. The SEC also implemented rules around incident reporting, requiring cybersecurity incidents to be reported 4 business days after determining that an incident is material. Further, events that we cannot fully control, such as data breaches, may also result in civil penalties, FTC enforcement or enforcement by U.S. state attorneys general or other regulators. The U.S. Department of Justice issued a final rule entitled, “Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons,” codified at 28 CFR part 202 (the “Bulk Transfer Rule”). The Bulk Transfer Rule prohibits and restricts bulk transfers of sensitive personal data (including genetic and health data) to countries of concern, such as China, Russia, and Iran to prevent access by foreign adversaries. It restricts our ability to engage in certain cross-border transactions involving genomic or biological samples and related data, which may increase compliance costs, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, and may require additional contractual negotiations, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. Various U.S. states have implemented privacy laws and regulations that regulate the use and disclosure of health information and other personal information. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”), created new individual privacy rights for California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their data, the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information (including health  information). The CCPA places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling certain personal data of California residents or households, limits data use and mandates audit requirements for higher risk data. The CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data and some other health data under the CCPA, as currently written, the CCPA may impact our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and PHI. The CCPA is enforced by the California Privacy Protection Agency, a data protection authority, which has the power to issue substantive regulations resulting in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Several other states have implemented similar consumer privacy laws that took effect in the past year or will take effect in the near future and states have implemented or are considering laws 50 that specifically focus on the processing of personal data related to individuals’ health, including California’s Confidentiality of Medical Information Act and Washington’s My Health My Data Act. The foregoing U.S. state privacy laws impose many similar obligations as the CCPA on our processing of personal information. Other U.S. states are considering similar privacy legislation, and industry organizations regularly adopt and advocate for new standards in these areas. The uncertainty, ambiguity, complexity, and potential inconsistency surrounding the implementation and interpretation of the CCPA and other enacted or forthcoming U.S. state privacy laws exemplify the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to the privacy, security and confidentiality of personal information and protected health information. We may be subject to fines, penalties, or private actions in the event of non-compliance with such laws. Our activities outside of the U.S. implicate local, state, provincial, and national data protection standards, impose additional compliance requirements and generate additional risks of enforcement for non-compliance. Such laws may also restrict the access, use and disclosure of patient health information abroad. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws, to protect against security breaches and hackers, or to remediate issues caused by such breaches. Compliance with these laws is challenging, constantly evolving, time consuming, and requires a flexible privacy framework and substantial resources. Compliance efforts will likely be an increasing and substantial cost in the future. The U.S. federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to annually report to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. In addition to this federal requirement, a number of individual states and foreign jurisdictions require detailed reporting and often public disclosures concerning transfers of value to physicians, other health care providers and family members. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations are extended to include transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners. Compliance with such requirements may require investment in infrastructure to ensure that tracking is performed properly, and some of these laws result in the public disclosure of various types of payments and relationships. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to, among other things, establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, or register their sales representatives, as well as prohibiting pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical companies for use in sales and marketing, and prohibiting certain other sales and marketing practices. These laws may affect our sales, marketing and other promotional activities by imposing administrative and compliance burdens on us. If we fail to track and report as required by these laws or otherwise comply with these laws, we could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent state and federal authorities. Where our activities involve foreign government officials, they may also potentially be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). If we seek to have a product paid for with federal funds under the Medicaid programs or Medicare Part B, various obligations, including government price reporting, are required under the Medicaid rebate provisions of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, each as amended, which generally require products to be offered at substantial rebates/discounts to such programs and certain purchasers. Government price reporting may also be required with respect to average sales price, which serves as the basis of reimbursement under Medicare Part B. In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Federal laws require the implementation of systems to provide, capture, and maintain information about transactions involving drug products distributed within the United States and the trading partners who engaged in such transactions. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities and/or register their sales representatives. Many of our current as well as possible future activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. We must also comply with laws that require clinical trial registration and reporting of clinical trial results on the publicly available clinical trial databank maintained by the National Institutes of Health at www.ClinicalTrials.gov. We are subject to various environmental, health and safety regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances. From time to time, and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous materials. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exemptions, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including criminal and significant civil monetary penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, private “qui tam” actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government or refusal 51 to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. To the extent that any of our products are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws and regulations, which may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals. U.S. Marketing Exclusivity Hatch-Waxman Exclusivity . Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of certain applications of other companies seeking to reference another company’s NDA. If the new drug is a new chemical entity subject to an NDA, the FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA or a Section 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, such an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA, if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, such as new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Pediatric Exclusivity . Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to any existing exclusivity period or patent term. This six-month exclusivity may be granted by the FDA based on the completion of a pediatric clinical trial in accordance with provisions of the FDCA. Europe/Rest of World Government Regulation In addition to regulations in the United States, we are subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials, pricing and reimbursement, anti-bribery, advertising and promotion, data privacy and security and any commercial sales and distribution of our future products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In the EEA, for example, a clinical trial application (“CTA”) must be submitted to each country’s national health authority and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB, respectively. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with the EU Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC (the “Clinical Trials Directive”) and the related national implementing provisions of the relevant individual EEA country’s requirements, the clinical trial described in that CTA may proceed. In April 2014, the new Clinical Trials Regulation, (EU) No 536/2014 (the “Clinical Trials Regulation”) was adopted. The Clinical Trials Regulation entered into force on January 31, 2022. The Clinical Trials Regulation is directly applicable in all the EEA countries, repealing the prior Clinical Trials Directive. The new Clinical Trials Regulation allows a sponsor to start and conduct a clinical trial in accordance with the Clinical Trials Directive during a transitional period of one year after the application date, i.e. January 31, 2022. The transition period for the trials ongoing at the moment of applicability will be a maximum of three years after the date of application of the Clinical Trials Regulation. Clinical trials authorized under the current Clinical Trials Directive before January 31, 2023, can continue to be conducted under the Clinical Trials Directive until January 31, 2025. An application to transition ongoing trials from the current Clinical Trials Directive to the new Clinical Trials Regulation will need to be submitted and authorized in time before the end of the transitional period. The new Clinical Trials Regulation is intended to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the EEA. The main characteristics of the regulation include: a streamlined application procedure through a single entry point, the “EU portal”; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided into two parts. 52 For other countries outside of the EEA, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials vary from country to country. Internationally, clinical trials are generally required to be conducted in accordance with GCP, applicable regulatory requirements of each jurisdiction and the medical ethics principles that have their origins in the Declaration of Helsinki. In the EEA, medicinal products can be commercialized only after obtaining a Marketing Authorization (“MA”). There are several procedures for requesting marketing authorization which can be more efficient than applying for authorization on a country-by-country basis. There is a “centralized” procedure allowing submission of a single marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency (the “EMA”). If the EMA issues a positive opinion, the European Commission will grant a centralized marketing authorization that is valid in all EEA countries. The “centralized” procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and viral diseases. The “centralized” procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EEA. There is also a “decentralized” procedure allowing companies to file identical applications to several EEA countries simultaneously for product candidates that have not yet been authorized in any EEA country and a “mutual recognition” procedure allowing companies that have a product already authorized in one EEA country to apply for that authorization to be recognized by the competent authorities in other EEA countries. Under the “decentralized” procedure, an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the EEA countries in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State (“RMS”). If the RMS proposes to authorize the product, and the other EEA countries do not raise objections, the product is authorized in all the EEA countries where the authorization was sought. Before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the EEA countries make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. In many countries outside the United States, procedures to obtain price approvals, coverage and reimbursement can take considerable time after the receipt of a MA. Many EEA countries periodically review their reimbursement of medicinal products, which could have an adverse impact on reimbursement status. In addition, we expect that legislators, policymakers and healthcare insurance funds in the EEA countries will continue to propose and implement cost-containing measures, such as lower maximum prices, lower or lack of reimbursement coverage and incentives to use cheaper, usually generic, products as an alternative to branded products, and/or branded products available through parallel import to keep healthcare costs down. Moreover, in order to obtain reimbursement for our products in some EEA countries, including some EU Member States, we may be required to compile additional data comparing the cost-effectiveness of our products to other available therapies. Health Technology Assessment (“HTA”) of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EEA countries, including those representing the larger markets. The HTA process, which is currently governed by national laws in each EEA country, is the procedure to assess therapeutic, economic and societal impact of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country. The outcome of an HTA will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of individual EEA countries. The extent to which pricing and reimbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of the specific medicinal product currently varies between EEA countries, although the HTA Regulation, which aims to harmonize the clinical benefit assessment of HTA across the EEA, will apply from January 12, 2025. If we are unable to maintain favorable pricing and reimbursement status in EEA countries that represent significant markets, our anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for our products in the EEA could be negatively affected. Outside the United States, interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are also governed by strict laws, such as national anti-bribery laws of EEA countries, national sunshine rules, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians’ codes of professional conduct. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. In the EEA, the advertising and promotion of our products are subject to laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. For example, applicable laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s Summary of Product Characteristics (“SmPC”), as approved by the competent authorities in connection with a marketing authorization approval. The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians concerning the safe and effective use of the product. Promotional activity that does not comply with the SmPC is considered off-label and is prohibited in the EEA. Other applicable laws at the EEA level and in the individual EU Member States also apply to the advertising and promotion of medicinal products, including laws that prohibit the direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription-only medicinal products and further limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and to health care professionals. Violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the EEA could be penalized by administrative measures, fines and imprisonment. 53 In addition to data privacy and security regulations in the United States, we may be subject to, or our marketing activities may be limited by, data privacy and security regulations in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“UK”), where the legislative and regulatory landscape continues to evolve. There has been increased regulator attention to privacy and data security issues that could potentially affect our business, including through legislation such as the EEA General Data Protection Regulation (“EEA GDPR”) and UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR,” and together, the “GDPR”), which each imposes strict obligations on the processing of personal data, including the transfer of personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or UK to third countries that the European Commission has determined does not ensure an adequate level of protection, such as the United States. Such requirements may be subject to change in the near future as the European Commission announced proposed amendments to the GDPR in November 2025.  If we violate the GDPR, we may face significant penalties of up to EUR 10,000,000 or 2% of our total worldwide annual turnover, or for more serious violations, up to EUR 20,000,000 or 4% of our total worldwide annual turnover. Certain jurisdictions, including the EEA, have enacted laws and regulations governing cross-border personal information transfer and providing for data localization in certain cases. For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the GDPR and laws in Switzerland and the UK generally restrict the transfer of personal information to countries outside the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, such as the United States. Such safeguards include the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK and Swiss Data Protection Authorities as well as the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If we are unable to implement a valid solution to transfer personal data from the EEA to the United States or other countries that have not been deemed to provide an essentially equivalent level of data protection, we may face increased exposure to regulatory action, substantial fines, or injunction orders to stop processing personal data from EEA, Swiss, or UK residents. Any inability to import personal data to the United States may also restrict our clinical trials activities in the EU; limit our ability to collaborate with contract research organizations as well as other service providers, contractors and other companies subject to EU data privacy and security laws; and require us to increase our data processing capabilities in the EU and the UK at a significant expense. Additionally, other countries outside of the EU have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and operating our business. The types of challenges we face in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK will likely also arise in other jurisdictions that adopt laws similar to the GDPR or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions or criminal prosecution. Government Regulation of Cryptocurrency The laws and regulations applicable to cryptocurrency and digital assets are evolving and subject to interpretation and change. Governments around the world have reacted differently to digital assets; certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while in some jurisdictions, such as the U.S., digital assets are subject to overlapping, uncertain, and evolving regulatory requirements. As digital assets have grown in both popularity and market size, the U.S. Executive Branch, Congress, and a number of U.S. federal and state agencies, including the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”), the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the IRS and state financial regulators, have been examining the operations of digital asset networks, digital asset users and digital asset exchanges, with particular focus on the extent to which digital assets can be used to violate state or federal laws, including to facilitate the laundering of proceeds of illegal activities or the funding of criminal or terrorist enterprises, and the safety and soundness and consumer-protective safeguards of exchanges or other service-providers that hold, transfer, trade or exchange digital assets for users. Many of these state and federal agencies have issued consumer advisories regarding the risks posed by digital assets to investors. In addition, federal and state agencies, and other countries have issued rules or guidance regarding the treatment of digital asset transactions and requirements for businesses engaged in activities related to digital assets. Depending on the regulatory characterization of cryptocurrency, the markets for cryptocurrency in general, and our activities in particular, our business and our cryptocurrency acquisition strategy may be subject to regulation by one or more regulators in the United States and globally. Ongoing and future regulatory actions may alter, to a materially adverse extent, the nature of digital assets markets, the participation of industry participants, including service providers and financial institutions in these markets, and our ability to pursue our cryptocurrency strategy. Additionally, U.S. state and federal and foreign regulators and legislatures have taken action against industry participants, including digital assets businesses, and enacted restrictive regimes in response to hacks, consumer harm, or criminal activity stemming from digital assets activity. U.S. federal and state energy regulatory authorities are also monitoring the total 54 electricity consumption of cryptocurrency mining, and the potential impacts of cryptocurrency mining on the supply and dispatch functionality of the wholesale grid and retail distribution systems. Many state legislative bodies have passed, or are actively considering, legislation to address the impact of cryptocurrency mining in their respective states. The CFTC takes the position that some digital assets, including bitcoin, fall within the definition of a “commodity” under the Commodities Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”). Under the CEA, the CFTC has broad enforcement authority to police market manipulation and fraud in spot digital assets markets in which we may transact. Beyond instances of fraud or manipulation, the CFTC generally does not oversee cash or spot market exchanges or transactions involving digital asset commodities that do not utilize margin, leverage, or financing. In addition, CFTC regulations and CFTC oversight and enforcement authority apply with respect to futures, swaps, other derivative products, and certain retail leveraged commodity transactions involving digital asset commodities, including the markets on which these products trade. The SEC and its staff have taken the position that certain other digital assets fall within the definition of a “security” under the U.S. federal securities laws. Public statements made by senior officials and senior members of the staff at the SEC indicate that the SEC does not consider bitcoin to be a security under the federal securities laws, and the approval of the spot bitcoin ETPs support this view. However, such statements are not official policy statements by the SEC and reflect only the speakers’ views, which are not binding on the SEC or any other agency or court and cannot be generalized to any other digital assets. In addition, because transactions in cryptocurrency provide a degree of anonymity, they are susceptible to misuse for criminal activities, such as money laundering. This misuse, or the perception of such misuse, could lead to greater regulatory oversight of cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency platforms, and there is the possibility that law enforcement agencies could close cryptocurrency platforms or other cryptocurrency-related infrastructure with little or no notice and prevent users from accessing or retrieving cryptocurrency held via such platforms or infrastructure. For example, in her January 2021 nomination hearing before the Senate Finance Committee, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen noted that cryptocurrencies have the potential to improve the efficiency of the financial system but that they can be used to finance terrorism, facilitate money laundering, and support activities that threaten U.S. national security interests and the integrity of the U.S. and international financial systems. The Office of Foreign Assets Control has issued updated advisories regarding the use of virtual currencies, added a number of digital asset exchanges and service providers to the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list, and engaged in several enforcement actions, including a series of enforcement actions that have either shut down or significantly curtailed the operations of several smaller digital asset exchanges associated with Russian and/or North Korean nationals. As noted above, activities involving cryptocurrency and other digital assets may fall within the jurisdiction of more than one financial regulator and various courts and such laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and increasing in scope. On March 9, 2022, former President Biden signed an executive order relating to cryptocurrencies. While the executive order did not mandate the adoption of any specific regulations, it instructed various federal agencies to consider potential regulatory measures, including the evaluation of the creation of a U.S. CBDC. On September 16, 2022, the White House released a framework for digital asset development, based on reports from various government agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, the Department of Justice, and the Department of Commerce. Among other things, the framework encourages regulators to pursue enforcement actions, issue guidance and rules to address current and emergent risks, support the development and use of innovative technologies by payment providers to increase access to instant payments, consider creating a federal framework to regulate nonbank payment providers, and evaluate whether to call upon Congress to amend the Bank Secrecy Act and laws against unlicensed money transmission to apply explicitly to digital asset service providers. There have also been several bills introduced in Congress that propose to establish additional regulation and oversight of the digital asset markets. In particular, on July 17, 2025, the Digital Asset Market Clarity Act (the “CLARITY Act”) was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives with bipartisan support and will now be delivered to the Senate for consideration. The CLARITY Act provides a regulatory framework for digital assets by clarifying the roles of the SEC and CFTC in oversight of various digital assets and transactions in digital assets. The CLARITY Act defines several categories of digital assets: digital commodities and permitted payment stablecoins, which would be subject to the jurisdiction of the CFTC, and excluded digital commodities, such as securities, which would be subject to the jurisdiction of the SEC. Employees and Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 34 full-time employees, including three employees who have M.D.s or Ph.D.s. Within our workforce, 7 employees were primarily engaged in research and development, 8 were primarily engaged in sales and marketing and 19 were primarily engaged in general management and administration. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we maintain good relationships with our employees. We focus on identifying, attracting, incentivizing, developing and retaining an exceptional team of highly talented and motivated employees to support our current product pipeline and future business goals. In order to drive innovation, we continuously improve our human capital management strategies and find ways to foster engagement and growth within our company. 55 We regularly benchmark total rewards we provide against our industry peers to ensure we offer competitive compensation and benefits packages to our employees and potential new hires. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward selected personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, as well as provide our employees with the opportunity to participate in our employee stock purchase plan, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. We strive to build a diverse environment where our employees can thrive and one that inspires exceptional contributions and professional and personal development in order to achieve our vision to become the leading pain management company that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being, health and safety of our employees. We plan to continue to develop our efforts related to attracting, retaining and motivating our workforce as we grow and develop. Our Corporate History Legacy Scilex was incorporated in Delaware in February 2019 for the purpose of effecting a corporate reorganization. On March 18, 2019, Legacy Scilex entered into a Contribution and Loan Agreement with Sorrento and the holders of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Scilex Pharma pursuant to which Legacy Scilex acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Scilex Pharma in exchange for shares of Legacy Scilex Common Stock (such transaction, the “Contribution”). Pursuant to the Contribution and Loan Agreement, Sorrento provided Legacy Scilex with a loan with an initial principal amount of $16.5 million in the form of a note payable, which loan was used to fund the acquisition of Semnur. Concurrently therewith, Legacy Scilex entered into the Semnur Merger Agreement with Semnur, Sigma Merger Sub, Inc., Legacy Scilex’s prior wholly owned subsidiary, Fortis Advisors LLC, solely as representative of the holders of Semnur equity, and Sorrento, for limited purposes. Pursuant to the Semnur Merger Agreement, Sigma Merger Sub, Inc. merged with and into Semnur, with Semnur surviving the Semnur Merger as Legacy Scilex’s wholly owned subsidiary. As a result of the Contribution and the Semnur Merger, Scilex Pharma and Semnur became Legacy Scilex’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to the Contribution and the Semnur Merger, operations of Legacy Scilex were conducted through Scilex Pharma, which was formed in September 2012. Semnur was formed in June 2013. On November 10, 2022, we consummated the Business Combination with Vickers and Legacy Scilex. In connection with the Business Combination, Vickers changed its name from Vickers Vantage Corp. I to Scilex Holding Company. We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As an emerging growth company, we are eligible for exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. Website Access to SEC Filings We file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including Scilex. We maintain an Internet website at www.scilexholding.com. The information contained on our website or that can be accessed through our website does not constitute a part of this report. We make available, free of charge through our Internet website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish this information to the SEC. 56

--- VENDORS ---
vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk of fraud, illegal activity or other misconduct by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by employees could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to comply with the laws and regulations of the FDA, EU Member States, EMA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, EMA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, comply with

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners and may potentially expand our business internationally in the future. The purchase and shipment of components from international sources subjects us to U.S. and foreign governmental trade, import and export, and customs regulations and laws. Compliance with these regulations and laws is costly and exposes us to penalties for non-compliance. Other laws and regulations that can significantly impact us include various anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), as well as export controls laws. Any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could impact us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export privileges, seizure of shipments, restrictions on certain business activities and exclusion or debarment from government contracting. Moreover, the current administration has substantially altered prior U.S. government international trade policy and has commenced activities to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries. In addition, the current administration has initiated or is considering imposing tariffs on certain foreign goods. Related to this action, certain foreign governments, including China, have instituted or are considering imposing tariffs on certain U.S. goods. It remains unclear what the current administration or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs or other international trade agreements and policies. Although the current administration has not yet implemented tariffs on pharmaceuticals, there can be no assurance that it will not implement such tariffs in the future.  A trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies has the potential to disrupt our research activities, affect our suppliers, increase the cost of materials purchased to manufacture our products, impact our ability to sell our products outside the United States or to sell our products outside the United States at competitive prices and/or to affect the United States or global economy or certain sectors thereof and, thus, could adversely impact our business. Conducting business internationally involves a number of risks, including: • multiple, sometimes conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; • difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights and in defending against third-party threats and intellectual property enforcement actions against us, our distributors or any of our third-party suppliers; • failure by us or our distributors to obtain appropriate licenses or regulatory approvals for the sale or use of our product candidates, if approved, in various countries; • difficulties in managing foreign operations; • cost and availability of shipping and other means of product transportation; • foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; • changes in duties and tariffs, license obligations and other non-tariff barriers to trade; • the imposition of new trade restrictions; • difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; • complexities associated with managing multiple payor-reimbursement regimes or self-pay systems; • natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; and • failure to comply with the FCPA, including its books and records provisions and its anti-bribery provisions, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, for example, by failing to maintain accurate information and control over sales or distributors’ activities. Any of these risks, if encountered, could significantly harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increasing use of social media platforms presents new risks and challenges. 80 Social media is increasingly being used to communicate about our research, product candidates, investigational medicines and the diseases our product candidates and investigational medicines are being developed to treat. Social media practices in the biopharmaceutical industry continue to evolve and regulations relating to such use are not always clear. This evolution creates uncertainty and risk of non-compliance with regulations applicable to our business, resulting in potential regulatory actions against us. For example, patients may use social media to comment on their experience in an ongoing blinded clinical study or to report an alleged adverse event. When such disclosures occur, there is a risk that we may fail to monitor and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations or we may not be able to defend our business or the public’s legitimate interests in the face of the political and market pressures generated by social media due to restrictions on what we may say about our product candidates. There is also a risk of inappropriate disclosure of sensitive information or negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website. Furthermore, our employees, affiliates and/or business partners may use social media for their personal use, and their activities on social media or in other forums could result in adverse publicity for us. Any negative publicity as a result of social media posts, whether or not such claims are accurate, could adversely impact us. If any of these events were to occur or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face regulatory actions, or incur other harm to our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business and operations would suffer in the event of a system failure. While we have implemented and maintain security measures, our computer systems and those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to, and have experienced, computer viruses, unauthorized access, cybersecurity attacks, and other security incidents, including as perpetrated by hackers, or as the result of natural disasters, terrorism, war, or telecommunications or electrical failures. For example, there was a cyberattack on Change Healthcare in March 2024. We worked diligently with our co-pay savings card adjudicators to resolve the breakdown of processing of insurance claims by Change Healthcare and restored the co-pay savings card processing for ZTlido and ELYXYB, which has been restored to normal operations. This incident did not have a material impact on the Company as a whole. A material system failure or security breach, if such an event were to occur, could result in a material disruption of our product development programs or a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing, or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce such data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in the loss of or damage to our data or applications, or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, including personal data, we could incur material legal liability or be the subject of legal claims, suffer damage to our reputation, lose or harm our intellectual property rights, and delay the continued research, development and commercial efforts of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved. If we are held liable for a claim against which we are not insured or for damages exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage, whether arising out of cybersecurity matters or some other matter, that claim could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, a security incident or privacy violation of the Company, those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants that leads to the unauthorized acquisition, interruption, modification, loss, theft, corruption, interference, or other unauthorized disclosure of, or prevents access to, personal data, including patient data or other protected health information, could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal or state breach notification laws and foreign equivalents, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Our ability, and the ability of our CROs and other contractors and consultants, to effectively manage and maintain our internal business information, and to ship products to customers and invoice them on a timely basis, depends significantly on our enterprise resource planning system and other information systems. Portions of our information technology systems and those of our CROs’ and other contractors’ and consultants may experience, and have experienced, interruptions, delays, or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with ongoing systems implementation work. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are continually evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data under our custody or control, and other electronic security breaches that could lead, and have led to disruptions in systems, misappropriation of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. If we, our CROs and other contractors and consultants are unable to prevent such cybersecurity attacks or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures, our operations could be disrupted, we may suffer loss of reputation, we may be the subject of governmental investigations, legal claims, or litigation, or we may incur financial loss or other regulatory penalties, each of which may not be covered by our insurance and may be material to our Company as a whole. In addition, these breaches and other unauthorized access to our systems can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying any such event may lead to increased harm of the type described above. 81 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As widely reported, global credit and financial markets have experienced volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability, as well as the continued hostilities between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel and Hamas. More recently, the escalating conflict with Iran and related military actions throughout the Middle East have caused significant uncertainty, including increased fuel prices and shipping channel disruptions, adding to disruptions to global economic conditions caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and sanctions against Russia. U.S. military intervention in Venezuela also could cause disruptions to global economic conditions and affect the stability of those regions. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of these ongoing conflicts. It is also not possible to predict with certainty these ongoing conflicts and additional adverse effects on existing U.S. macroeconomic conditions and financial markets, all of which could impact the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company as well as our ability to raise capital. There can be no assurances that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. In addition, the closure of any additional national or regional commercial banks could lead to further economic instability. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and price of our Common Stock, and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property We are substantially dependent on the intellectual property we in-license from Oishi and Itochu, and if we lose the right to license such intellectual property or if the Product Development Agreement is terminated for any reason, our ability to commercialize ZTlido and develop and commercialize SP-103 would be harmed. Our business is substantially dependent upon the intellectual property licensed from Oishi and Itochu. Pursuant to the Product Development Agreement, we have been granted an exclusive, worldwide license (except with respect to Japan) under current and future intellectual property rights relating to ZTlido and SP-103 lidocaine tape products and the lidocaine in such products, including, among other things: (1) any patent applications, continuation applications, any issued or issuing patents, as well as any foreign patent applications; (2) all know-how, work product, trade secrets, inventions, data, processes, techniques, procedures, compositions, devices, methods, formulas, protocols and information, whether patentable or not; (3) copyrightable works, copyrights and applications, registrations and renewals; (4) logos, trademarks, service marks, and all applications and registrations relating thereto; (5) other proprietary rights; (6) abbreviated new drug applications or other applications to market; and (7) any regulatory exclusivities or supplemental protection certificates. Our ability to commercialize ZTlido and develop SP-103 depends on the effectiveness and continuation of the Product Development Agreement. If we lose the right to license the intellectual property rights granted by the Product Development Agreement, our ability to develop ZTlido and SP-103 as well as new product candidates based on the licensed intellectual property would be harmed. The Product Development Agreement imposes various development, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, payments and other obligations. Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement under certain circumstances, including, among other things: (1) if we are in material breach of the agreement and the breach is not curable or if the breach is curable and we fail to cure such material breach within 180 days after notice requesting to cure; (2) if, at any time during the term of the Product Development Agreement, the market conditions are such that (a) our total net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 are equal to or less than five percent of our net sales of ZTlido and SP-103 for a period of four or more consecutive quarters, or (b) the economic viability of ZTlido and SP-103 is affected significantly as evidenced by documentation and substantial information by any external circumstances deemed detrimental to all parties as agreed to by us, on the one hand, and Oishi and Itochu, on the other hand, and the parties are unable to resolve the concerns under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) after 30 days of good-faith discussion; and (3) in the event of our bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors. As of December 31, 2025, Scilex’s net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 have not exceeded five percent of net sales. Accordingly, Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement and Commercial Supply Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, neither Oishi nor Itochu has exercised its right of termination. If the Product Development Agreement is terminated for certain reasons, such as our material breach of the agreement, our bankruptcy, or lack of economic viability, we will be required to transfer all licensed intellectual property rights, including those relating to ZTlido and 82 SP-103, to Oishi and Itochu or their designee, at our own cost and expense. The loss of such licenses could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are party to the Romeg License Agreement for the in-licensing of certain intellectual property rights from Romeg with respect to the commercialization of GLOPERBA, and if we lose the right to license such intellectual property or if the Romeg License Agreement is terminated for any reason, our ability to commercialize GLOPERBA would be harmed. On June 14, 2022 (the “Original Signing Date”), we entered into the Romeg License Agreement for the in-licensing of certain intellectual property rights from Romeg with respect to the commercialization of GLOPERBA, which was amended by that First Amendment to License and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2025. Under the Romeg License Agreement, among other things, Romeg granted us (1) a license, with the right to sublicense, under the patents and know-how specified therein to (a) commercialize a pharmaceutical product comprising liquid formulations of colchicine for the prophylactic treatment of gout in adult humans (the “Initial Licensed Product”) in the United States (including its territories) (the “Romeg U.S. Territory”), (b) develop other products comprising the Initial Licensed Product as an active pharmaceutical ingredient (together with the Initial Licensed Product, the “Licensed Products”) and commercialize any such products in the Romeg U.S. Territory and (c) manufacture Licensed Products anywhere in the world, solely for commercialization in the Romeg U.S. Territory; (2) an exclusive license, with right to sublicense, to use the trademark “GLOPERBA” and logos, designs, translations, and modifications thereof (collectively, the “Licensed Trademark”) in connection with the commercialization of the Initial Licensed Product solely in the Romeg U.S. Territory; and (3) pursuant to the amendment thereto, a license, with the right to (a) sublicense under the know-how and, if any, patents existing worldwide other than the Romeg U.S. Territory (the “Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory”), as specified therein, to develop, manufacture and commercialize Licensed Products in the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory and (b) to use the Licensed Trademark in connection with the commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory. With respect to the foregoing clause (1), the license to know-how is exclusive for purposes of developing and commercializing Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory during the Romeg U.S. Territory Royalty Term, but is otherwise non-exclusive, and the license to patents is exclusive for purposes of developing and commercializing Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory until July 1, 2027 and, thereafter, is co-exclusive with Granules Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the royalty term for such purposes. The Romeg U.S. Territory begins on the Original Signing Date and ends on the later of (i) expiration of the last-to-expire of the patents that covers the manufacture or commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory or (ii) the tenth anniversary of the Original Signing Date. With respect to the foregoing clause (3), the license to know-how patents (if any) is exclusive during the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory Royalty Term but is otherwise non-exclusive. The Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory Royalty Term begins on the date of the amendment agreement and ends on the tenth anniversary of such date. Our ability to commercialize GLOPERBA and develop Licensed Products depends on the effectiveness and continuation of the Romeg License Agreement. If we lose the right to license the intellectual property rights granted by the Romeg License Agreement, our ability to develop GLOPERBA as well as new product candidates based on the licensed intellectual property would be harmed. The Romeg License Agreement imposes various developments, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, payments and other obligations. Romeg has the right to terminate the Romeg License Agreement under certain circumstances, including, among other things: (a) in the event we are in material breach of the Romeg License Agreement, unless we have cured any such breach within 60 days after any notice thereof was provided; (b) upon notice to us, if we fail to timely pay any milestone payment, percentage royalties or minimum quarterly royalties or fail to timely deliver the requisite quarterly report, which termination will be effective 30 days after the date of such notice, unless we have made such payment in full or delivered such quarterly report within such 30 day period; (c) immediately, if we challenge the licensed patents under any court action or proceeding or before any patent office or assist any third party to conduct any of these activities; (d) by written notice to us if sales of the Licensed Products do not commence or continue within specified periods agreed to by the parties; or (e) in the event of our bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors. If the Romeg License Agreement is terminated for certain reasons, such as our material breach of the agreement, our bankruptcy, or our failure to timely pay milestone payments, we will be required upon Romeg’s request to transfer all licensed intellectual property rights, including those relating to GLOPERBA and the Licensed Products, to Romeg or its designee, within thirty days after the termination of the Romeg License Agreement at a price to be agreed upon by the parties. The loss of such licenses could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will successfully develop or commercialize the technology in-licensed pursuant to the Datavault License Agreement or the Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement. On November 3, 2025, we entered into a license agreement with Datavault (the “Datavault License Agreement”), pursuant to which Datavault granted us a worldwide, exclusive, non-transferable license, with the right to sublicense, under the patents and know-how specified therein to among other things, research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, export, register, market, promote, advertise, commercialize and distribute the Proprietary Materials (as defined in the Datavault License Agreement). We plan to use the technology under the Datavault License Agreement to develop a real-world-asset-tokenization (RWA) in the biotech 83 and pharmaceutical industry, on which our products and product candidates data will potentially be centralized and tokenized for monetization purposes. On December 20, 2025, Vivasor entered into a license agreement with Datavault (the “Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement”). Pursuant to the Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement, Datavault granted us a worldwide, exclusive, non-transferable license, with the right to sublicense, under certain patents and know-how to, among other things, research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, export, market, promote, commercialize and distribute products incorporating the licensed technology (the “Vivasor Licensed Product”) within a defined target market. There is no assurance that we will ever successfully tokenize our products or product candidates or that we will experience market reception for our products in development or increased market reception for our existing products or the acceptance of RWA pathway/technologies in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry, or that we will ever generate revenue from the Vivasor Licensed Products. To date, we have paid approximately $2.5 million for the Datavault license  and, as of December 31, 2025, the $20.0 million license fee under the Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement remains payable. We plan to devote resources to the development and commercialization of the real-world-asset-tokenization and of the Vivasor Licensed Products. Our efforts to develop and commercialize such technology and products may require significant resources and may never be successful. Potential disputes over intellectual property rights that we have licensed may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms. Licensing of intellectual property rights is of high importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property rights subject to a license agreement, including: • the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; • our financial or other obligations under the license agreement; • whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property rights of the licensor that are not subject to the licensing agreement; • our right to sublicense intellectual property rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; • our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and • the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. If disputes over intellectual property rights that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We may enter into additional licenses in the future and if we fail to comply with obligations under those agreements, we could suffer adverse consequences. Furthermore, if our licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical or competitive to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates, if approved. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we license prevent or impair our ability to maintain other licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to maintain patent protection for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. We rely upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret protection, and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States for GLOPERBA, in the United States and Canada for ELYXYB, and in the United States and other countries with respect to ZTlido and our product candidates. We seek to protect our proprietary position by filing and/or in-licensing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our development programs and product candidates. The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. The patents and patent applications that we own, or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that protect ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates in the United States or in other foreign countries. There is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which can prevent a patent from issuing 84 from a pending patent application, or be used to invalidate a patent. Even if patents do successfully issue and even if such patents cover ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product candidate under patent protection could be reduced. The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our potential future collaborators will be successful in protecting our product candidates by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: • the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“PTO”) and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process, the non-compliance with which can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, and partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction; • patent applications may not result in any patents being issued; • patents may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; • our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with or block our ability to make, use and sell our product candidates; • there may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; • countries other than the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing products; • other parties may have designed around our claims or developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our platform, may have filed or may file patent applications and may have received or may receive patents that overlap or conflict with our patent applications, either by claiming the same methods or devices or by claiming subject matter that could dominate our patent position; • any successful intellectual property challenge to any patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the practice of our technologies or the successful commercialization of any products or product candidates that we may develop; • because patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses; and • an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the PTO to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications for any application with an effective filing date before March 16, 2013. The patent prosecution process is also expensive and time-consuming, and we and our licensors may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or in all jurisdictions where protection may be commercially advantageous. It is also possible that we and our licensors will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. If the patent applications we hold or in-license with respect to our development programs and product candidates fail to issue, if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, it could dissuade other companies from collaborating with us to develop product candidates, and threaten our ability to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. Any such outcome could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes and brands for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. Presently we have intellectual property rights, through acquisitions and licenses from third parties, related to ZTlido, SP-103 and GLOPERBA. Because our programs for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, SP-103 and SP-104 may require the use of additional proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. In addition, our product candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently, and 85 these rights may be held by others. It may also be commercially advantageous to use trademarks held by others. We may be unable to acquire, or in-license proprietary rights related to any compositions, formulations, methods of use, processes or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as being necessary for our product candidates. Even if we are able to obtain a license to such proprietary rights, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. Where we obtain licenses from or collaborate with third parties, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent and trademark applications, or to maintain the patents covering technology that we license from third parties and associated trademark registrations, or such activities, if controlled by us, may require the input of such third parties. We may also require the cooperation of our licensors and collaborators to enforce any licensed patent rights, and such cooperation may not be provided. Therefore, these patents, trademarks and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which may affect the validity and enforceability of such patents and trademarks, or any patents and trademark registrations that may issue from such applications. Moreover, if we do obtain necessary licenses, we will likely have obligations under those licenses, including making royalty and milestone payments, and any failure to satisfy those obligations could give our licensor the right to terminate the license. Termination of a necessary license, or expiration of licensed patents or patent applications, or loss of trademark rights, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our business would suffer if any such licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents or trademarks against infringing third parties, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if any licenses terminate, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties may gain the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor’s rights. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of royalty obligations we would be required to pay on sales of future products, if any, the amounts may be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in products that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize products, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. The licensing and acquisition of third-party proprietary rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party proprietary rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. We may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified time frame or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the third-party may offer, on an exclusive basis, their proprietary rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us, either on reasonable terms, or at all. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment, or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to commercialize our products, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. We may become subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. We may be subject to claims that former employees (including former employees of our licensors), collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. The failure to name the proper inventors on a patent application can result in the patents issuing thereon being unenforceable. Inventorship disputes may arise from conflicting views regarding the contributions of different individuals named as inventors, the effects of foreign laws where foreign nationals are involved in the development of the subject matter of the patent, conflicting obligations of third parties involved in developing our product candidates or as a result of questions regarding co-ownership of potential joint inventions. Litigation may be necessary to resolve these and other claims challenging inventorship and/or ownership. Alternatively, or additionally, we may enter into agreements to clarify the scope of our rights in such intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Claims that we infringe, misappropriate, or violate the intellectual property rights of third parties may give rise to costly and lengthy litigation, and we could be prevented from selling products, forced to pay damages, and defend against litigation. Third parties may assert patent or other intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims against us or our strategic partners, licensors or licensees with respect to ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. If ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB 86 or any of our product candidates, methods, processes and other technologies are alleged to infringe on or be improperly based on the proprietary rights of other parties, we could face adverse consequences. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. We cannot assure that any of our current or future product candidates will not infringe existing or future patents. We may not be aware of patents that have already issued that a third party might assert are infringed by one of our current or future product candidates. There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and may be confidential for 18 months or more after filing, there may be currently pending third-party patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates or our technologies may infringe, or which such third parties claim are infringed by the use of our technologies. Parties making claims against us for infringement or misappropriation of their intellectual property rights may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial expenses and could be a substantial diversion of our valuable management and employee resources from our business. If we collaborate with third parties in the development of technology in the future, our collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability. Further, collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability. In the future, we may agree to indemnify our commercial collaborators against certain intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time-consuming and could: • result in costly litigation; • divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; • cause development delays; • prevent us from commercializing our product candidates until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; • require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis; • require us to pay damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing, which may include treble damages if we are found to have been willfully infringing such intellectual property; • require us to pay the attorney’s fees and costs of litigation to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing; and/or • require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do either. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management’s time and attention in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may be required to seek a license, which may not be available, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patents in court. Patent litigation is costly and time-consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition, if we do not obtain a license, develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an infringement action successfully or have infringed patents declared invalid, we may incur substantial monetary damages, encounter significant delays in bringing our product candidates to market and be precluded from manufacturing or selling our product candidates. We cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology, because: • some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued; • patent applications in the United States and elsewhere can be pending for many years before issuance, or unintentionally abandoned patents or applications can be revived; • pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our product candidates or the use of our product candidates; 87 • identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims; • patent applications in the United States are typically not published until 18 months after the priority date; and • publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries. Furthermore, the scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent’s prosecution history and can involve other factors such as expert opinion. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of claims in a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our products. Further, we may incorrectly determine that our technologies, products, or product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party’s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or internationally that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our products or product candidates. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours, and others may have or obtain patents or proprietary rights that could limit our ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import our product candidates and future approved products or impair our competitive position. Numerous third-party U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications exist in the fields in which we are developing product candidates. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Any such patent application may have priority over our patent applications, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the PTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful if, unbeknownst to us, the other party had independently arrived at the same or similar invention prior to our own invention, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. Other countries have similar laws that permit secrecy of patent applications and may be entitled to priority over our applications in such jurisdictions. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. Even if we were to prevail, any litigation or administrative proceeding could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Furthermore, as a result of a patent infringement suit brought against us or our strategic partners or licensees, we or our strategic partners or licensees may be forced to stop or delay developing, manufacturing or selling technologies, product candidates or potential products that are claimed to infringe a third party’s intellectual property unless that party grants us or our strategic partners’ or licensees’ rights to use its intellectual property. Ultimately, we may be unable to develop some of our product candidates or may have to discontinue development of a product candidate or cease some of our business operations as a result of patent infringement claims, which could severely harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and key personnel. For example, on June 22, 2022, we filed a complaint against Aveva and Apotex in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida alleging infringement of certain Orange Book patents covering ZTlido. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “ Legal Proceedings ” for additional information regarding such proceedings. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. In any patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent’s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 88 Even if we establish infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. Because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we may conclude that even if a third party is infringing our issued patent, any patents that may be issued as a result of our pending or future patent applications or other intellectual property rights, the risk-adjusted cost of bringing and enforcing such a claim or action may be too high or not in the best interest of our company or our stockholders. In such cases, we may decide that the more prudent course of action is to simply monitor the situation or initiate or seek some other non-litigious action or solution. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our intellectual property rights are invalidated or circumvented, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development and capital as well as other expenditures required to bring new product candidates to the market and for commercialization. Intellectual property protection varies throughout the world and is subject to change over time. In the United States, for small molecule drug products, such as ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, the Hatch-Waxman Act provides generic companies powerful incentives to seek to invalidate our pharmaceutical patents. As a result, we expect that our U.S. patents on major pharmaceutical products will be routinely challenged, and there can be no assurance that our patents will be upheld. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a distraction to management and other employees. We face generic manufacturer challenges to our patents outside the United States as well. In addition, competitors or other third parties may claim that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them. If successful, such claims could result in our being unable to market a product in a particular territory, or being required to pay damages for past infringement or royalties on future sales. If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have registered trademarks with the PTO for the mark “ZTlido,” “SCILEX,” “ELYXYB,” and “RESPONSIBLE BY DESIGN,” and we have filed trademark applications for the marks “SEMNUR PHARMACEUTICALS,” “SCILEX BIO,” and “SEMDEXA” in the United States. We also have trademark registrations for ZTlido in the UK and Greece, and we have a pending trademark application for ZTlido in China. In China, we were involved in an ongoing dispute regarding third-party trademarks for ZTlido filed in the name of 秦皇島恆駿商貿有限公司 (Qinhuangdao Hengjun Trading Co., Ltd.). The China National Intellectual Property Administration issued a decision in our favor in February 2025, which has now become final. Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, diluted, tarnished, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement, dilution or tarnishment claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Changes in patent laws or patent jurisprudence could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 89 As is the case with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries involve both technological and legal complexity. Therefore, obtaining and enforcing biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the America Invents Act (the “AIA”), which was passed in September 2011, resulted in significant changes to the U.S. patent system. An important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned from a “first-to-invent” to a “first-to-file” system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. Under a “first-to-file” system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. A third party that files a patent application in the PTO after that date but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we made the invention before it was made by the third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application and diligent in filing patent applications, but circumstances could prevent us from promptly filing patent applications on our inventions. Among some of the other changes introduced by the AIA are changes that limit where a patentee may file a patent infringement suit and providing opportunities for third parties to challenge any issued patent in the PTO. This applies to all of our U.S. patents, even those issued before March 16, 2013. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in PTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in U.S. federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a PTO proceeding sufficient for the PTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the PTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. It is not clear what, if any, impact the AIA will have on the operation of our business. However, the AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our or our licensors’ patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors’ issued patents. We may become involved in opposition, interference, derivation, inter partes review, post-grant review, or other proceedings challenging our or our licensors’ patent rights, and the outcome of any proceedings are highly uncertain. An adverse determination in any such proceeding could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our owned or in-licensed patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations, and there are other open questions under patent law that courts have yet to decisively address. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by Congress, the federal courts and the PTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways and could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. Any waiver of our patent or other intellectual property protection by the U.S. and other foreign governments could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, recent decisions raise questions regarding the award of PTA for patents in families where related patents have issued without PTA. Thus, it cannot be said with certainty how PTA will or will not be viewed in the future and whether patent expiration dates may be impacted. In addition, the European patent system is relatively stringent in the type of amendments that are allowed during prosecution, but, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws has also increased in recent years. For example, in Europe, a new unitary patent system took effect June 1, 2023, which will significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system, European applications have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unitary Patent Court (“UPC”). As the UPC is a relatively new court system, there is little precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. Complying with these laws and regulations could limit our ability to obtain new patents in the future that may be important for our business. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. The PTO and various foreign patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions to maintain patent applications and issued patents. For example, periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the PTO and other foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The PTO and various foreign 90 national or international patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of patent rights include, but are not limited to, failure to timely file national and regional stage patent applications based on our international patent application, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we or any of our licensors fail to maintain the patents or patent applications covering ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, our competitors may be able to enter the market, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Confidentiality agreements with employees may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which could limit our ability to compete. To help protect our proprietary know-how and our inventions for which patents may be unobtainable or difficult to obtain, or prior to seeking patent protection, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. To this end, we require all our employees to enter into agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information and, where applicable, require disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions important to our business. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information. We also typically obtain agreements from these parties that provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, current or former employees may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information to competitors, and confidentiality agreements may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. For example, on March 12, 2021, we filed the Former Employee Action, as described under the section titled “ Legal Proceedings ” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our competitive position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Enforcing a claim that a third party obtained illegally, and is using, trade secrets and/or confidential know-how is expensive, time-consuming and unpredictable, and the enforceability of confidentiality agreements may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information is disclosed, the value of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired and our business and competitive position would suffer. Moreover, our third-party licensing partners may retain rights in some of our proprietary or joint trade secrets, know-how, patented inventions or other proprietary information, including rights to sublicense and rights of publication, which may adversely impact our ability to obtain patents and protect trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. We may be subject to claims asserting that our employees, consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. Certain of our employees, consultants or advisors are currently, or were previously, employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors, as well as our academic partners. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these individuals or we have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual’s current or former employer. We may also be subject to claims that patents and applications that we may file to protect inventions of our employees or consultants are rightfully owned by their former employers or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. An inability to incorporate such technologies or features would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may prevent us from successfully commercializing ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved. Moreover, any such litigation or the threat of such litigation may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent contractors. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Moreover, even when we obtain agreements assigning intellectual property to us, the assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing or 91 the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. In addition, individuals executing agreements with us may have preexisting or competing obligations to a third party. Our position as a relatively small company may cause us to be at a significant disadvantage in defending our intellectual property rights and in defending against infringement claims by third parties. Litigation relating to the ownership and use of intellectual property is expensive, and our position as a relatively small company in an industry dominated by very large companies may cause us to be at a significant disadvantage in defending our intellectual property rights and in defending against claims that ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or any of our product candidates infringes or misappropriates third-party intellectual property rights. However, we may seek to use various post-grant administrative proceedings, including procedures created under the AIA, to invalidate potentially overly broad third-party rights. Even if we can defend our position, the cost of doing so may adversely affect our ability to grow, generate revenue or become profitable. In the course of the ongoing litigation or any future additional litigation to which we may be subject, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property at a reasonable cost, or at all. The outcome of litigation is always uncertain, and in some cases could include judgments against us that require us to pay damages, enjoin us from certain activities or otherwise affect our legal, contractual or intellectual property rights, which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our drug discovery and development efforts. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including PTO administrative proceedings, such as inter partes reviews, post-grant reviews, and reexamination proceedings before the PTO or oppositions and revocations and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that the development and/or commercialization of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Despite safe harbor provisions for products prior to commercial launch, third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents, of which we are currently unaware, with claims to materials, formulations, methods of doing research, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending unpublished patent applications which may later result in issued patents that ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that the use of our technologies infringes these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or any of our product candidates, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate unless we obtain a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidate unless we obtain a license, limit our uses, or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, or develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. For example, Takeda filed the GLOPERBA Patent Litigation against us and Scilex Pharma on November 6, 2023, alleging that our filing with the FDA of an application for approval of a proposed revision to the product label for our GLOPERBA product infringed the Colcrys Patents. Takeda sought an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of our labeling revision be no earlier than the expiration date of the Colcrys Patents, and such further and other relief as the court may deem appropriate. On March 7, 2024, we entered into a Settlement Agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) with Takeda to resolve the action and entered into a license agreement with Takeda pursuant to which Takeda granted a non-exclusive license to us and our affiliates of certain patents owned by Takeda. The Settlement Agreement was subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice, neither of which objected during the review period. After the expiration of the review period, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware entered a final consent judgment on May 3, 2024. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “ Legal Proceedings ” for additional information regarding such proceedings. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses 92 from third parties, cease marketing ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB, or developing our product candidates, limit our uses, pay royalties or redesign our infringing product candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB or our product candidates, if approved. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB, or develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any of our product candidates we are developing or may develop, our business may be materially harmed. Depending upon the timing, duration and conditions of any FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, and similar legislation in the European Union. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. Only one patent per approved product can be extended; the extension cannot extend the total patent term beyond 14 years from approval; and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we can enforce our patent rights for the applicable product candidate will be shortened, and our competitors may obtain approval to market competing products sooner. As a result, our revenue from applicable products could be reduced. Further, if this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, in addition to our employees, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of our product candidates. Many of these consultants, and many of our employees, were previously employed at, or may have previously provided or may be currently providing consulting services to, other pharmaceutical companies including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that we, our employees or a consultant inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to their former employers or their former or current clients. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely affect our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management team and other employees. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. The requirements for patentability and patent enforcement differ in many countries. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and all of our product candidates throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement in some countries is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates, if approved, in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions could significantly devalue our Ukrainian and Russian patent applications. Russian decrees may significantly limit our ability to enforce Russian patents. We cannot predict when or how this situation will change. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents 93 and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceuticals and methods of treatment of the human body, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. Furthermore, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents and limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors, and inventions agreements with employees, consultants and advisors, to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Despite these efforts, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. For example, in 2010, the FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, recommended steps that the FDA could take to increase transparency, including with respect to making additional information publicly available on a routine basis, which may include information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time how the FDA’s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. In addition, such security measures may not provide adequate protection for our proprietary information, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee, consultant, customer or third party with authorized access. Our security measures may not prevent an employee, consultant or customer from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and any recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider proprietary. Competitors and other third parties could attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, willfully infringe our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside of our intellectual property rights. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, trade secrets will over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic to industry scientific positions. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. If any of these events occur or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets, the value of this information may be greatly reduced, and our competitive position would be harmed. If we do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information may be jeopardized. Our reliance on third parties may require us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. Because we rely on third parties to help manufacture and supply our products and product candidates, and we expect to collaborate with third parties on the continuing development of future product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We also expect to conduct research and development programs that may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our partnerships or 94 agreements with CROs, research institutions and/or investigators. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into agreements containing confidentiality and use restrictions and obligations, including, material transfer agreements, consulting agreements, confidentiality agreements or other similar agreements with our advisors, contractors, service providers and consultants prior to disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements with third parties, independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Intellectual property rights and regulatory exclusivity rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, competitors may be able to use our product candidates and proprietary technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example: • Others may be able to make products that are similar to ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; • We or our licensors or strategic partners might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed; • We or our licensors or strategic partners might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; • Others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; • Our pending patent applications may not lead to issued patents; • Issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantage, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; • Our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; • We may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and • The patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope or requests for PTA. If we or our partners, collaborators, licensees or licensors, whether current or future, fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our partners, collaborators, licensees or licensors are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. If there are material defects in the form, preparation, prosecution or enforcement of our patents or patent applications, such patents may be invalid and/or unenforceable, and such applications may never result in valid, enforceable patents. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been and will continue to be the subject of litigation and new legislation. Publications in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our own patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result of these and other factors, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly 95 uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. If these changes were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue. For example, recent decisions raise questions regarding the award of PTA for patents in families where related patents have issued without PTA. Thus, it cannot be said with certainty how PTA will/will not be viewed in the future and whether patent expiration dates may be impacted. Similarly, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have also increased in recent years. In Europe, a new unitary patent system took effect on June 1, 2023, which will significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system, European applications have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the UPC. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the PTO or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. The costs of defending our patents or enforcing our proprietary rights in post-issuance administrative proceedings and litigation can be substantial and the outcome can be uncertain. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and potentially licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates. Generally, patents are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed non-provisional filing date. In certain instances, patent terms can be adjusted and increased to recapture a portion of delay incurred by the PTO in examining the patent application. The scope of patent protection may also be limited. Without patent protection for our current or future product candidates, we may be open to competition from generic versions of such products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Risks Related to Government Regulations The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be substantially harmed. Moreover, gaining approval for a product candidate in one country or jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain approval for or commercialize it in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize our full market potential. The time required to obtain marketing approval from the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities for a product candidate is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate’s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. For example, following our March 2022 announcement of the final results from our Phase 3 trial for SEMDEXA, we believed that we had sufficient data to support the safety and efficacy of SEMDEXA, which would provide us with a pathway for a 505(b)(2) NDA submission. In November 2023, we had a Type C meeting with the FDA to discuss the requirements for filing a 505(b)(2) NDA for SEMDEXA. In the Type C meeting, the FDA indicated that it did not agree that the clinical data collected from the single Phase 3 CLEAR-1 trial was sufficient to support the safety and efficacy of SEMDEXA, given the risks associated with interventional procedures. The FDA requested that a confirmatory trial be conducted, noting the absence of any existing FDA-approved epidural steroid product for the treatment of sciatica. The FDA provided guidance regarding expectations for this 96 additional trial needed prior to a 505(b)(2) NDA filing, including expectations for the size of the safety database and specific safety monitoring requirements. Specifically, the FDA requested that the confirmatory Phase 3 CLEAR-2 trial include a larger safety database to further validate the safety and efficacy of SEMDEXA.  In February 2024, we had a Type D meeting with the FDA to preview the newly designed trial with the FDA, in order to reduce the potential need for any other additional confirmatory trials prior to a 505(b)(2) NDA filing. During the Type D meeting, the FDA provided further guidance with respect to the requirements needed to help best position us to be able to satisfy the requirements for a 505(b)(2) pathway approval. Our future success depends on our ability to develop, receive regulatory approval for, and introduce new products or product enhancements that will be accepted by the market in a timely manner. The FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including: • it may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; • we may be unable to demonstrate to such authorities’ satisfaction that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; • negative or ambiguous results from our clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required for approval by the FDA; • it may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • it may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States, and such authorities may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; • it may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications of our product candidates; • such authorities may decline to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and • the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our product candidates, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. We have limited experience submitting applications for marketing authorization to the FDA, and we cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if our clinical trials are successful. There remains substantial uncertainty as to how, if at all, the current U.S. administration will seek or continue to modify or revise the requirements and policies of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over our product candidates. State governments may also attempt to address or react to changes at the federal level with changes to their own regulatory frameworks in a manner that is adverse to our operations. This uncertainty could present new challenges or potential opportunities as we navigate the clinical development and approval process for our product candidates. Furthermore, the U.S. Supreme Court’s June 2024 decision in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, which overturned the long-standing Chevron doctrine that required courts to give deference to regulatory agencies’ reasonable interpretations of ambiguous federal statutes, could result in additional legal challenges to regulations and guidance issued by federal agencies, including the FDA, on which we rely. The Loper decision may result in increased regulatory uncertainty, inconsistent judicial interpretations and other impacts to the agency rule-making process, any of which could adversely impact our business and operations. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action or as a result of legal challenges, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our business could be materially harmed. Moreover, in order to market any products in any particular jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval of a product candidate by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in any other country or jurisdiction outside the United States. In addition, the clinical trials conducted in one country, and the data generated therefrom, may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation, as well as additional administrative review periods. If we do not 97 receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be substantially harmed. If the FDA does not conclude that certain of our product candidates satisfy the requirements for the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or if the requirements for such product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway for those product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and entail significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in either case may not be successful. For our product candidates SEMDEXA, SP-103 and SP-104, we may seek FDA approval through the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. The Hatch-Waxman Act added Section 505(b)(2) to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the “FDCA”). Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from trials that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Section 505(b)(2) allows an NDA we submit to the FDA to rely in part on data in the public domain or the FDA’s prior conclusions regarding the safety and effectiveness of approved compounds, which could expedite the development program for our product candidates by potentially decreasing the amount of data that we would need to generate in order to obtain FDA approval. If the FDA does not agree that the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway is acceptable as we anticipated, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. Even if FDA accepts our plan to pursue the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, we cannot assure that our product candidates will receive the requisite approvals for commercialization. In addition, the pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and Section 505(b)(2) NDAs are subject to special requirements designed to protect the patent and market exclusivity rights of sponsors of previously approved drugs that are referenced in a Section 505(b)(2) NDA. These requirements may give rise to patent litigation against us and mandatory delays in approval of our NDAs for up to 30 months or longer depending on the outcome of any litigation. Further, a manufacturer of an approved product may file a citizen petition with the FDA seeking to delay approval of, or impose additional approval requirements for, pending competing products. FDA imposes strict requirements on such petitions in part to dissuade companies from improperly using these petitions to delay approval of competing drug products. Nonetheless, if successful, such petitions can significantly delay, or even prevent, the approval of the new product. However, even if the FDA ultimately denies such a petition, the FDA may delay approval while it considers and responds to the petition. In addition, even if we are able to utilize the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, there is no guarantee this would ultimately lead to accelerated product development or earlier approval. Any approved product candidate will be subject to ongoing and continued regulatory requirements, which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize such products. Even after a product is approved, we will remain subject to ongoing FDA and other regulatory requirements governing the manufacturing, testing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, import, export, record-keeping and reporting of safety and other post-market information. The holder of an approved NDA is obligated to monitor and report adverse events and, among other things, any failure of a distributed product to meet the specifications in the NDA. The holder of an approved NDA must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. In addition, the FDA may impose significant restrictions on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed. Other requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing, product tracking and tracing, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. The future discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated type, severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: • investigation or additional study obligations; • communications to prescribers or patients about specific information or issues; • restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; • refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; • product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 98 The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenue and could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. We may not be able to regain compliance, or we may only be able to regain compliance after a lengthy delay, significant expense, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. The FDA’s and other regulatory authorities’ policies may change, and additional laws or government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and achieve or sustain profitability. Changes in law or government regulations may also alter the competitive landscape, potentially to our disadvantage. Certain manufacturers in the market in which we compete distribute certain products without completing the FDA approval process. For example, we believe certain lidocaine topical patches, plaster or poultice products marketed OTC and without FDA approval, require approval and compete inappropriately with ZTlido. In December 2018, we filed a citizen’s petition asking the FDA to clarify its requirements and take enforcement action against such products. Furthermore, we believe the labeling and marketing of certain OTC lidocaine patches products are false and deceptive, which could cause significant damages to our business and a diminution of goodwill in our intellectual property. In addition, on March 7, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was signed into law, which included statutory provisions reforming FDA’s mechanisms for regulating OTC drugs. Under the CARES Act, the FDA considers a drug to be generally recognized as safe and effective (“GRASE”) if it meets certain requirements, including items such as the active ingredient, indication for use, dosage, route of administration, and labeling set forth in the OTC monograph and related rulemakings. Historically, the FDA was required to establish, revise, and amend an OTC monograph by notice-and-comment rulemaking, which was lengthy and resource-intensive. The CARES Act replaces the rulemaking process with a final administrative order process. Administrative orders may be initiated by the FDA or at the request of a drug manufacturer or any other person. After a period for public comment on the administrative order, the FDA is able to issue a final administrative order, rather than a regulation, permitting the drug to be marketed over the counter. In 2023, the FDA posted a final administrative order for external analgesic drug products for OTC human use. As this process is much more streamlined and less burdensome, this may benefit the manufacturers of lidocaine topical patches to obtain GRASE status from the FDA and thereby legally market these products over-the-counter and compete with ZTlido. The FDA ultimately denied our citizen’s petition in light of the new administrative order process under the CARES Act for considering OTC drug products. In February 2021, we filed a complaint against Sanofi and Hisamitsu, certain manufacturers of OTC lidocaine patches, to seek an award of damages and the entry of injunctive relief enjoining further dissemination of false and deceptive advertisement concerning claims about their lidocaine patches. On January 26 and February 2, 2024, Scilex Pharma entered into two separate settlement agreements and mutual releases with the two manufacturers that resolve the Action. The terms of those agreements are confidential. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. For example, certain policies of the current U.S. administration may impact our business and industry. Namely, recent U.S. administrations have taken several executive actions, including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders, that could impose significant burdens on, or otherwise materially delay, the FDA’s ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. It is difficult to predict how these executive actions, including the Executive Orders, will be implemented, and the extent to which they will impact the FDA’s ability to exercise its regulatory authority. If these executive actions impose constraints on FDA’s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected. In addition, three decisions from the U.S. Supreme Court in June and July 2024 may lead to an increase in litigation against regulatory agencies that could create uncertainty and thus negatively impact our business. The first decision overturned established precedent that required courts to defer to regulatory agencies’ interpretations of ambiguous statutory language. The second decision overturned a regulatory agency’s ability to impose civil penalties in administrative proceedings. The third decision extended the statute of limitations within which entities may challenge agency actions. These cases may result in increased litigation by industry against regulatory agencies and impact how such agencies choose to pursue enforcement and compliance actions. However, the specific, lasting effects of these decisions, which may vary within different judicial districts and circuits, is unknown. We also cannot predict the extent to which FDA and other agency regulations, policies, and decisions may become subject to increasing legal challenges, delays and changes. A fast-track product designation or other designation to facilitate product candidate development may not lead to faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 99 A product sponsor may apply for fast-track designation from the FDA if a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need for this condition. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation. We have received fast track designation for SEMDEXA for the treatment of sciatica and SP-103 for the treatment of chronic neck pain. Even though SEMDEXA and SP-103 have received fast track designation, we may not experience a faster process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. A fast-track designation does not expedite clinical trials or mean that regulatory requirements are less stringent or provide assurance of ultimate marketing approval by the FDA. Instead, fast track designation provides opportunities for frequent interactions with FDA review staff, as well as eligibility for priority review, if relevant criteria are met, and rolling review of individual sections of an NDA submitted to the FDA as they become finalized. The FDA may rescind the fast-track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. The FDA may also withdraw any fast-track designation at any time. Changes in funding for the FDA could hinder its ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel or otherwise prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products and conduct other regulatory activities can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other regulatory authorities may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, over the last several years, including for 43 days beginning on October 1, 2025, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA temporarily postponed routine surveillance inspections of manufacturing facilities in 2020. Additionally, the current administration announced plans to reduce the number of federal employees by establishing voluntary termination programs, by position eliminations or by involuntary terminations.  For example, on October 10, 2025, the U.S. government implemented substantial layoffs and workforce reductions in connection with the federal government shutdown, which resulted in the suspension or delay of various government-funded programs.  If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, if funding for the FDA or other federal agencies (including their workforce) is reduced or if future global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions and civil or criminal penalties, private litigation or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. We and our collaborators are subject to federal, state and foreign data protection laws and regulations. In the United States, such laws may include, but are not limited to, U.S. state personal data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, including Section 5 of the FTC Act, each of which govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. Although we are not subject to HIPAA, as we are neither a Covered Entity nor Business Associate (as such terms are defined in HIPAA), we may have access to very sensitive data regarding patients who participate in, or whose tissue samples or other biospecimens are used in, our clinical trials. The maintenance of this data imposes upon us administrative and financial burdens and litigation risks. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties, including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data that are subject to HIPAA and other privacy, data security and consumer protection laws. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly receive individually identifiable health information maintained by a Covered Entity in a manner that is not authorized by HIPAA, and we may be subject to other civil and/or criminal penalties if we obtain, use, or disclose information in a manner not permitted by other privacy and data security and consumer protection laws. Our ability to use or disclose information may be limited by the scope of an authorization signed by clinical trial subjects or the terms of the contract that we enter into with providers or other data sources. Furthermore, U.S. state laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security and consumer protection are constantly evolving. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, the “CCPA”) created new individual privacy rights for California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their data, the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information (including health information). The CCPA places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling certain personal data of California residents or households, limits data use and mandates audit requirements for 100 higher risk data. The CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data and some other health data under the CCPA, as currently written, the CCPA may impact our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and PHI. The CCPA is enforced by the California Privacy Protection Agency, a data protection authority, which has the power to issue substantive regulations resulting in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Several other states have implemented similar consumer privacy laws that took effect in the past year or will take effect in the near future and states have implemented or are considering laws that specifically focus on the processing of personal data related to individuals’ health, including California’s Confidentiality of Medical Information Act and Washington’s My Health My Data Act. In addition, all 50 U.S. states and territories and international jurisdictions have varying breach notification laws that may require us to notify patients, employees or regulators in the event of unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal or confidential data experienced by us or our service providers. We also may be contractually required to notify patients or other counterparties of a security breach. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. The state privacy laws vary from each other in many ways, which may complicate compliance efforts. The effects on our business of the state privacy laws and general consumer protection authorities are potentially significant, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to so comply. Privacy laws and regulations are constantly evolving and there are a number of legislative proposals at both the state and federal levels that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas affecting our business. The FTC also sets expectations for failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers’ personal information secure, or failing to provide a level of security commensurate to promises made to individuals about the security of their personal information (such as in a privacy notice) may constitute unfair or deceptive acts or practices in violation of Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. While we do not intend to engage in unfair or deceptive acts or practices, the FTC has the power to enforce promises as it interprets them, and events that we cannot fully control, such as data breaches, may result in FTC enforcement. Enforcement by the FTC under the FTC Act can result in civil penalties or enforcement actions. Additionally, the FTC’s Health Breach Notification Rule that clarified applies to health apps and other similar technologies and includes breach notification requirements, which adds complexity to compliance obligations. Further, the SEC implemented rules around incident reporting, requiring cybersecurity incidents to be reported 4 business days after determining that an incident is material. The U.S. Department of Justice issued a final rule entitled, “Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons,” codified at 28 CFR part 202 (the “Bulk Transfer Rule”). The Bulk Transfer Rule prohibits and restricts bulk transfers of sensitive personal data (including genetic and health data) to countries of concern, such as China, Russia, and Iran to prevent access by foreign adversaries. It restricts our ability to engage in certain cross-border transactions involving genomic or biological samples and related data, which may increase compliance costs, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, and may require additional contractual negotiations, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. International data protection laws, including the EU’s and UK’s GDPR, may also apply to health-related and other personal information obtained outside of the United States. The GDPR imposes several data protection requirements in the EU, as well as fines for violations that can reach up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of annual global revenue. The regulation imposes numerous requirements for the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information, including more stringent requirements relating to consent and the information that must be shared with data subjects about how their personal information is used, the obligation to notify regulators and affected individuals of personal data breaches, extensive new internal privacy governance obligations and obligations to honor expanded rights of individuals in relation to their personal information, including the right to access, correct and delete their data.  Such requirements may be subject to change in the near future as the European Commission announced proposed amendments to the GDPR in November 2025. In addition, on June 19, 2025, the UK’s Data (Use and Access) Act 2025, or the DUAA, was granted Royal Assent, implementing various measures concerning data usage in the UK and reforming data protection laws. The provisions within the DUAA will come into force through 2026, and it remains too soon to tell how the DUAA will be implemented and what impact it will have on our international activities. Further, other EU and member state laws and regulations may impose further obligations or restrictions on processing health information in the EEA, such as the European Health Data Space Regulation. Certain jurisdictions, including the EEA, have enacted laws and regulations governing cross-border personal information transfer and providing for data localization in certain cases. For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the GDPR and laws in Switzerland and the UK generally restrict the transfer of personal information to countries outside the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, such as the United States. Such safeguards include the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK and Swiss Data Protection Authorities as well as the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If we are unable to implement a valid solution to transfer personal data from the EEA to the United States or other countries that have not been deemed to provide an essentially equivalent level of data protection, we may face increased exposure to regulatory action, substantial fines, or injunction orders to stop processing personal data from EEA, Swiss, or UK residents. Any inability to import personal data to the United States may also restrict our clinical trials activities in the EU; limit our ability to collaborate with contract research organizations as well as other service providers, contractors and other companies subject to EU data privacy and security laws; and require us to increase our data processing 101 capabilities in the EU and the UK at a significant expense. Additionally, other countries outside of the EU have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and operating our business. The types of challenges we face in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK will likely also arise in other jurisdictions that adopt laws similar to the GDPR or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity. Compliance with international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, increase our compliance costs, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all applicable international regulations as they are enforced now or as they evolve. Claims that we have violated individual privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business may be impacted by actions of the current U.S. administration, including executive orders, policies, new legislation and judicial decisions. Actions of the current U.S. administration may cause us to change our business operations, with an unknown impact to our stakeholders, including patients, healthcare providers and employees. Failure to comply with new administration actions could expose us to litigation or other government actions. There can be no assurance that our compliance with new administration actions will provide sufficient mitigation. Our business involves the use of hazardous materials and we and third parties with whom we contract must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business. Our research and development activities involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials, including the components of our product candidates and other hazardous compounds. We and manufacturers and suppliers with whom we may contract are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. In some cases, these hazardous materials and various wastes resulting from their use are stored at our manufacturers’ facilities pending their use and disposal. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. We cannot guarantee that the safety procedures utilized by third-party manufacturers and suppliers with whom we may contract will comply with the standards prescribed by laws and regulations or will eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. We may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk of fraud, illegal activity or other misconduct by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by employees could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to comply with the laws and regulations of the FDA, EU Member States, EMA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, EMA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with federal and state health-care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, comply with laws and regulations, including, but not limited to the FCPA and internal policies restricting payments to government agencies and representatives, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission or contracting, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Misconduct by employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in 102 protecting us from governmental investigations, FDA debarment, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency and disclosure, or sunshine, laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, clinical sites and clinical investigators, consultants, customers, patient organizations and third-party payors may subject us to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act. These laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with clinical study investigators and research subjects, as well as our current and future sales, marketing, patient assistance or advocacy and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to physician payment transparency laws and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: • the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging for an item or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs — a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or special intent to violate the statute in order to have committed a violation; in addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act; • federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of government funds, or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The False Claims Act has been used to assert liability on the basis of kickbacks and other improper referrals, improperly reported government pricing metrics such as Best Price or Average Manufacturer Price, and improper promotion of off-label uses (i.e., uses not expressly approved by the FDA in a drug’s label); • the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), teaching hospitals and, beginning in 2022, certain other healthcare professionals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members; • federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; • the FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; • federal government price reporting laws, which require drug manufacturers to calculate and report complex pricing metrics to government agencies, including CMS and Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”), referred to as Government Program Statutory Price Reporting, where such reported prices are used in the calculation of reimbursement and/or discounts on marketed products paid by government healthcare programs. Participation in these programs and compliance with the applicable requirements may result in potentially significant discounts on products subject to reimbursement under federal healthcare programs and increased infrastructure costs, and may potentially limit a drug manufacturer’s ability to offer certain marketplace discounts. Additionally, if it is determined by the government, which could include a government agency such as CMS, Health Resources and Services Administration (“HRSA”), the VA, or by the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) or Department of Justice (“DOJ”), that the Statutory Price Reporting was incorrect, causing the government to essentially pay more than they should through the reimbursement and/or discount, the manufacturer may be subject to significant False Claims Act investigations, civil monetary penalties and/or additional fines; • the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, which restricts the manner in which manufacturers may disseminate complimentary drug samples to healthcare practitioners, requires physical and accounting controls, and establishes penalties for improper sample distribution; and • state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as licensing, anti-kickback, false claims, consumer protection and unfair competition laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government that 103 otherwise restricts payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to file reports with states regarding pricing information and marketing expenditures, such as the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensations and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. In addition, our current and future research and development of our product candidates outside the United States, and any future sales of our product or product candidates once commercialized outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Efforts to ensure that our business practices and arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to, without limitation, civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. If we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, or our product candidates, if approved, or if we are found to have improperly engaged in pre-approval promotion prior to the approval of such product candidates, we may become subject to significant liability. Such enforcement has become more common in the industry. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, and our product candidates, if approved. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product’s approved labeling. Physicians may use our products, and our product candidates if they receive marketing approval, for their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved labels, if the physicians believe in their professional medical judgment they could be used in such manner. However, if we are found to have promoted any of our products for any off-label uses, the federal government could levy civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, and seek fines against us. The FDA, Department of Justice or other regulatory authorities could also request that we enter into a consent decree or a corporate integrity agreement or corporate monitorship, or seek a permanent injunction against us under which specified promotional conduct is monitored, changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, or our product candidates, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Healthcare reform measures could hinder or prevent our product candidates’ commercial success. There have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to health care systems in the United States and abroad that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. The United States government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare reform. For example, in 2010, the ACA was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers in the United States. Healthcare reform measures like the ACA may adversely impact the pricing of healthcare products and services in the United States or internationally and the amount of reimbursement available from governmental agencies or other third-party payors. Since its enactment, there have been ongoing efforts to modify the ACA and its implementing regulations. For example, tax legislation enacted at the end of 2017 included provisions that, effective January 1, 2019, eliminated the tax penalty for individuals who do not maintain sufficient health insurance coverage, or the so-called “individual mandate.” It is unclear how healthcare reform measures enacted by Congress or implemented by the current administration or efforts, if any, to modify the ACA or its implementing regulations, 104 or portions thereof, will impact our business. Litigation and legislation over the ACA and other healthcare reform measures are likely to continue, with unpredictable and uncertain results. Further, additional legislative changes to and regulatory changes under or related to the ACA remain possible. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, led to aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of, on average, 2% per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect into 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020, through May 31, 2022, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The law provides for 1% Medicare sequestration in the second quarter of 2022 and allows the full 2% sequestration thereafter into 2032. To offset the temporary suspension during the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2030, the sequestration will be 2.25% for the first half of the year, and 3% in the second half of the year. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. presidential executive orders, U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under government payor programs, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, as addressed further in the risk factor below titled “ If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs applicable to our product or product candidates, if approved, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects . Furthermore, recently enacted legislation, future legislation and other healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval for and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set.” While any proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, Congress and recent presidential administrations have each indicated an intent to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted or implemented in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal health care programs and commercial payers will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved, or additional pricing pressures. Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally-mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third-party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. These or other reforms could reduce the ultimate demand for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved, or put pressure on our product pricing. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, ZTlido, GLOPERBA and/or ELYXYB may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs applicable to our product or product candidates, if approved, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  Furthermore, recently enacted legislation, future legislation and other healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval for and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs, are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by manufacturers, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts. Such interpretation can change and evolve over time. In the case of Medicaid pricing data, if a manufacturer becomes aware that its reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect, or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, the manufacturer is obligated to resubmit the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due. 105 Such restatements and recalculations increase costs for complying with the laws and regulations governing the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and could result in an overage or underage in rebate liability for past quarters. Price recalculations also may affect the ceiling price at which a manufacturer is required to offer its products under the 340B program. A failure to comply with reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program and other governmental programs could negatively affect financial results. CMS issued a final regulation, which became effective on April 1, 2016, to implement the changes under the ACA to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The final regulation has increased and will continue to increase costs and the complexity of compliance, has been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, particularly if CMS challenges the approach a manufacturer has taken in the implementation of the final regulation. Other regulations and coverage expansion by various governmental agencies relating to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program may have a similar impact. In addition, potential policy changes by the current administration may introduce additional uncertainty for our business, including changes to the level of scrutiny applied by the Health Resources and Services Administration (“HRSA”) to enforce non-compliance with the 340B program, new price restrictions on products we sell to Medicaid, Medicare or other government purchasers, or other regulatory changes impacting reimbursement or competitive dynamics in multisource markets. Any such policy shifts could significantly impact our business and operations. Manufacturers have obligations to report the average sales price for certain of drugs to the Medicare program as a part of the agreement to participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program. For calendar quarters beginning January 1, 2022, manufacturers are required to report the average sales price for certain drugs under the Medicare program regardless of whether they participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program. Statutory or regulatory changes or CMS guidance could affect the average sales price calculations for products and the resulting Medicare payment rate, and could negatively affect results of operations. Starting in 2023, manufacturers must pay refunds to Medicare for single source drugs or biologics, or biosimilar biological products, reimbursed under Medicare Part B and packaged in single-dose containers or single-use packages, for units of discarded drug reimbursed by Medicare Part B in excess of 10% of total allowed charges under Medicare Part B for that drug. Manufacturers that fail to pay refunds could be subject to civil monetary penalties of 125% of the refund amount. Congress further could enact a Medicare Part B inflation rebate, under which manufacturers would owe additional rebates if the average sales price of a drug were to increase faster than the pace of inflation. HRSA issued a final regulation regarding the calculation of the 340B ceiling price and the imposition of civil monetary penalties on manufacturers that knowingly and intentionally overcharge covered entities, which became effective on January 1, 2019. Implementation of this regulation has affected manufacturer obligations and potential liability under the 340B program. Manufacturers are also required to report the 340B ceiling prices for covered outpatient drugs to HRSA, which then publishes them to 340B covered entities. Any charge by HRSA that a manufacturer has violated the requirements of the program or the regulation could negatively affect financial results. Moreover, under a final regulation effective January 13, 2021, HRSA newly established an administrative dispute resolution (“ADR”) process for claims by covered entities that a manufacturer has engaged in overcharging, and by manufacturers that a covered entity violated the prohibitions against diversion or duplicate discounts. Such claims are to be resolved through an ADR panel of government officials rendering a decision that can be appealed to a federal court. An ADR proceeding could subject a manufacturer to onerous procedural requirements and could result in additional liability. Further, any additional future changes to the definition of average manufacturer price and the Medicaid rebate amount under the ACA or otherwise could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively affect results of operations. In recent years, two U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Third Circuit and District of Columbia Circuits (the “Third Circuit” and “D.C. Circuit,” respectively) have ruled that, under Section 340B, manufacturers are not required to provide the discounted drugs to an unlimited number of contract pharmacies, but can impose some contractual limitations on how products may be distributed. The Third Circuit also upheld the ADR rules. One other case is pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Various states have also enacted laws prohibiting manufacturers from placing conditions on covered entities’ use of contract pharmacies. At least two U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Fifth and Eighth Circuits have ruled in favor of state laws that prohibit drug manufacturers from interfering with how a 340B covered entity distributes 340B drugs to patients. Litigation continues related to the implementation of the 340B program. Civil monetary penalties can be applied if a manufacturer (i) is found to have knowingly submitted any false price or product information to the government, (ii) is found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of its average sales price, (iii) fails to submit the required price data on a timely basis, or (iv) is found to have knowingly and intentionally charged 340B covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price. CMS could also decide to terminate the Medicaid Drug Rebate Agreement, or HRSA, or to terminate the 340B program participation agreement, in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. In addition, manufacturers are required to provide to CMS a 70% discount on brand name prescription drugs utilized by Medicare Part D beneficiaries when those beneficiaries are in the coverage gap phase of the Part D benefit design. Congress could enact legislation that sunsets this discount program and replaces it with a new manufacturer discount program. Under either program, civil monetary penalties could be applied if a manufacturer fails to provide these discounts in the amount of 125% of the discount that was due. Furthermore, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”), PL 117-169, seeks to limit manufacturers’ price increases for drugs 106 reimbursed by Medicare, to not more than the rate of inflation, at least where those increases would otherwise affect payments under Medicare. Under the provisions, beginning in October 2022, if a manufacturer increases the price of a drug reimbursed under Medicare by more than the rate of inflation (as measured by the consumer price index), the manufacturer must pay rebates to the federal government, equal to the amount by which the increase exceeds the rate of inflation in the relevant period. Congress could also enact additional changes that affect our overall rebate liability and the information we report to the government as part of price reporting calculations. The IRA also requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to negotiate prices for a limited number of single-source brand-name drugs or biologics without generic or biosimilar competitors that are covered under Medicare Part D (starting in 2026) and Part B (starting in 2028). The number of drugs affected is limited to ten Part D drugs for 2026, another fifteen Part D drugs for 2027, another fifteen Part D and Part B drugs for 2028, and another twenty Part D and Part B drugs for 2029 and later years. On August 29, 2023, HHS announced the list of the ten drugs for which negotiations will occur. On August 15, 2024, HHS announced the agreed-upon reimbursement prices of the first ten drugs that were subject to price negotiations, the prices of which are scheduled to become effective January 1, 2026. On January 17, 2025, HHS announced its selection of 15 additional drugs covered by Part D for the second cycle of negotiations by February 1, 2025, the prices of which will be effective starting January 1, 2027. Each year thereafter, more Part B and Part D products will become subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program.  Drugs that are less than 9 years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their FDA approval or licensure date are excluded from the negotiation process. Small biotech drugs, defined as those which account for 1% or less of Part D or Part B spending and account for 80% or more of spending under each part on that manufacturer’s drugs, are also excluded until 2029. CMS has issued initial guidance on the implementation of the provisions.  On December 8, 2023, the National Institute of Standards and Technology published for comment a Draft Interagency Guidance Framework for Considering the Exercise of march-in rights, which for the first time includes the price of a product as one factor an agency can use when deciding to exercise march-in rights. While march-in rights have not generally been exercised, it is uncertain whether that will continue under the new framework. It is unclear whether or how much such rights may be exercised although the current Administration has indicated a willingness to explore the use of such rights. Pursuant to applicable law, knowing provision of false information in connection with price reporting or contract-based requirements under the VA Federal Supply Schedule and/or Tricare programs can subject a manufacturer to civil monetary penalties. These programs and contract-based obligations also contain extensive disclosure and certification requirements. If a manufacturer overcharges the government in connection with its arrangements with Federal Supply Schedule or Tricare, the manufacturer may be required to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures or to identify contract overcharges can result in allegations against us under the False Claims Act and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds to the government, and/or response to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. We will need to obtain prior FDA authorization for any proposed product brand names, and any failure or delay associated with such approval may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any brand name we intend to use for our product candidates will require authorization from the FDA regardless of whether we have secured a formal trademark registration from the PTO. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product brand names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. The FDA may also object to a product brand name if it believes the name inappropriately implies medical claims. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed product brand names, we may be required to adopt an alternative brand name for our product candidates. If we adopt an alternative brand name, we would lose the benefit of our existing trademark applications for such product candidate and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product brand name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. We may be unable to build a successful brand identity for a new trademark in a timely manner, or at all, which would limit our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. If we fail to comply with these laws, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, other remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are subject to certain anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we conduct business, including performing clinical trials. The FCPA and other anti-corruption laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to foreign government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We, our commercial partners and our affiliates operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a risk of potential FCPA violations, and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under the FCPA or local anti-corruption laws. In addition, we cannot predict 107 the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. There can be no assurance that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA or other legal requirements, such as trade control laws. Any investigation of potential violations of the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or trade control laws by U.S., European Union or other authorities could have an adverse impact on our reputation, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, should we be found not to be in compliance with the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or trade control laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, as well as the accompanying legal expenses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and liquidity, as well as on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may in the future conduct clinical trials for current or future product candidates outside the U.S., and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials. We expect to conduct clinical trials internationally in the future. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice and (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to GCP regulations. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials are subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S. or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in current or future product candidates that we may develop being delayed or not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly, and investors in our Common Stock may lose all or a part of their investment. The market prices for securities of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have historically been highly volatile, and the market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. For example, from November 11, 2022 (the first trading day following the closing of the Business Combination) to April 2, 2026, our closing stock price ranged from $3.99 to $518.03. The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as: • our ability to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates, if approved; • legal disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates, government investigations and the results of any proceedings or lawsuits, including, but not limited to, patent or stockholder litigation; • announcements of the introduction of new products by our company and our competitors; • issuances of debt or equity securities; • market conditions and trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; • overall performance of the equity markets and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors, including changes in market valuations of similar companies; • trading volume of our Common Stock; • ineffectiveness of our internal controls; and • other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. See the risk factor below titled “ If our operations and performance do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline ” for more factors affecting the trading price of our securities. The realization of any of the 108 above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in these “

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials used in our product candidates from sole or single source suppliers and manufacturers. In the event of a loss of one of these suppliers or manufacturers, or a failure by any such supplier or manufacturer to comply with FDA regulations, we may not be able to find an alternative source on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. • We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and intend to rely on third parties to conduct all of our future clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. • Interim “top-line” and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. • ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB may have undesirable properties that could result in significant negative consequences, and our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval. Risks Related to our Business and Operations • If we are unable to retain our key executives, it may delay our development efforts and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Any disruption in our research and development facilities could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 57 Risks Related to our Intellectual Property • We are substantially dependent on the intellectual property we in-license from Oishi and Itochu, and if we lose the right to license such intellectual property or if the Product Development Agreement is terminated for any reason, our ability to commercialize ZTlido and develop and commercialize SP-103 would be harmed. • We are party to the Romeg License Agreement for the in-licensing of certain intellectual property rights from Romeg with respect to the commercialization of GLOPERBA, and if we lose the right to license such intellectual property or if the Romeg License Agreement is terminated for any reason, our ability to commercialize GLOPERBA would be harmed. • If we are unable to maintain patent protection for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. Risks Related to Government Regulations • The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be substantially harmed. Moreover, gaining approval for a product candidate in one country or jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain approval for or commercialize it in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize our full market potential. • Any approved product candidate will be subject to ongoing and continued regulatory requirements, which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize such products. Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock • If our operations and performance do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. • We are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. Risks Related to Cryptocurrency • Our cryptocurrency treasury strategy has not been tested. • Absent federal regulations, there is a possibility that certain cryptocurrencies may be classified as “securities” or be determined to be offered and sold as a “security.” Any such classification of a cryptocurrency would subject us to additional regulation and could materially impact the operation of our business. • If we were deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act, applicable restrictions likely would make it impractical for us to continue segments of our business as currently contemplated. • We may be subject to regulatory developments related to crypto assets and crypto asset markets, including the corresponding risk of enforcement actions against us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • Changes in the accounting treatment of cryptocurrency holdings could have significant accounting impacts, including increasing the volatility of our results. • Our management will rely upon the advice of an asset manager through an asset management agreement to assist in executing a narrowly focused investment strategy, which may not yield the desired return. • Cryptocurrency price volatility may materially depress asset valuations, necessitating substantial cash reserves or liquidity buffers to maintain operational resilience. These risks are compounded by the lack of comprehensive regulation governing cryptocurrency trading platforms, which face material exposure to fraud, market manipulation, security breaches, and operational failures that could materially and adversely affect the value of our cryptocurrency holdings. • We are not subject to legal and regulatory obligations that apply to investment companies such as mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, or to obligations applicable to investment advisers. • If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our cryptocurrency, or if our private keys are lost or destroyed, or other similar circumstances or events occur, we may 58 lose some or all of our cryptocurrency and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to our Limited Operating History, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements We currently have three commercial products, ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA; but we are currently heavily dependent on the commercial success of ZTlido, as ELYXYB and GLOPERBA are in the initial stages of commercialization, and we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to support our operations. We currently have three commercial products, ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA; but we are currently heavily dependent upon ZTlido sales to generate revenue, as ELYXYB and GLOPERBA are in the initial stages of commercialization. In February 2018, we obtained FDA regulatory approval for ZTlido for the relief of neuropathic pain associated with post-herpetic neuralgia (“PHN”) in adults, which is a form of post-shingles nerve pain, and we began commercializing ZTlido in the United States in October 2018. In late February 2023, we acquired ELYXYB, a potential first-line treatment and the only FDA-approved, ready-to-use oral solution for the acute treatment of migraine, with or without aura, in adults, in the U.S. We launched ELYXYB in April of 2023. In June 2022, we acquired certain rights to GLOPERBA, the first and only liquid oral version of the anti-gout medicine colchicine indicated for the prophylaxis of painful gout flares in adults. We launched GLOPERBA in June 2024. In January 2025, we received approval from Health Canada’s Pharmaceutical Drugs Directorate, Bureau of Cardiology, Allergy and Neurological Sciences for ELYXYB for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in Canada and in-licensed the rights to commercialize GLOPERBA outside the U.S. As a result, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future prospects. We cannot assure that ZTlido, ELYXYB or GLOPERBA will gain market acceptance among physicians, health care payors, patients and the medical community, which is critical to our commercial success. We have limited experience engaging in commercial activities and limited relationships with physicians, hospitals and payors. Market acceptance of ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA depends on a number of factors, including: • acceptance by physicians, major operators of clinics and patients of ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA as a safe and effective treatment for the relief of neuropathic pain associated with PHN (ZTlido), acute migraine pain (ELYXYB), and prevention of gout flares (GLOPERBA); • the availability, cost and potential advantages of alternative treatments, including less expensive generic products; • the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts; • the availability of coverage, adequacy of reimbursement and favorability of pricing policies by third-party payors and government authorities; • the timing of market introduction of other competitive products; • the product labeling or any product inserts required by the FDA; and • the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects. To successfully commercialize ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA, we will need to expand our marketing efforts to develop new relationships and expand existing relationships. Physicians may decide not to prescribe ZTlido, ELYXYB or GLOPERBA for a variety of reasons, including changes in available offerings, adverse publicity, perceived safety issues, inadequate coverage or reimbursement for ZTlido, ELYXYB or GLOPERBA or the utilization of products developed by other parties, all of which are circumstances outside of our control. Demand for ZTlido may not increase, or may not develop for ELYXYB or GLOPERBA, as quickly as we predict, and we may be unable to increase our revenue to the level that we currently expect. Even if we succeed in increasing market acceptance of ZTlido or developing market acceptance of ELYXYB and GLOPERBA, and maintaining and creating relationships with physicians, we may be unable to reach or sustain a level of profitability. Our ability to effectively promote ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA will also depend on pricing and cost-effectiveness, including our ability to produce and market our products at a competitive price. In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA may require significant resources, may be constrained by FDA rules and policies on product promotion and may never be successful. We have a limited operating history and have incurred significant losses since our inception. We anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future. We have a limited operating history. Prior to March 2019, our operations were conducted through Scilex Pharma, which was formed in September 2012 and is now our wholly owned subsidiary. In March 2019, we effected a corporate reorganization and acquired Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc., then a majority-owned subsidiary of our company (“Legacy Semnur”), which was formed in June 2013. Since our inception, we have focused on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, identifying potential non-opioid pain therapy candidates, undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates and establishing research and development and manufacturing collaborations. Most of our revenue to date is attributable to sales of ZTlido, and we expect that 59 sales of ZTlido will account for most of our revenue for at least the near term. Our relatively short operating history as a company makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to overcome such risks and difficulties successfully. Our ability to execute on our business model and generate revenues depends on a number of factors including our ability to: • successfully complete ongoing clinical trials and obtain regulatory approvals for our current and future product candidates; • identify new acquisition or in-licensing opportunities; • successfully identify new product candidates and advance those product candidates into pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; • raise additional funds when needed and on terms acceptable to us; • attract and retain experienced management and advisory teams; • add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support clinical, manufacturing and planned future commercialization efforts and operations; • launch commercial sales of our product candidates, whether alone or in collaboration with others; • initiate and continue relationships with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and have commercial quantities of product candidates manufactured at acceptable cost and quality levels and in compliance with the FDA, and other regulatory requirements; • set acceptable prices for product candidates and obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; • achieve market acceptance of product candidates in the medical community and with third-party payors and consumers; and • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio. If we cannot successfully execute any one of the foregoing, our business may not succeed or become profitable. Since our inception, we have incurred significant net losses, with net losses of $374.1 million and $72.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, and 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $921.8 million and $563.1 million , respectively. For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the commercialization of ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB and the research and development of our product candidates, SP-102 (10 mg dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel) (“SEMDEXA”), SP-103 (lidocaine topical system) 5.4% (“SP-103”), and SP-104 (4.5 mg, low-dose naltrexone hydrochloride delayed-release capsules) (“SP-104”). We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially due to any future trials related to SEMDEXA and SP-103 and initiation of the Phase 2 clinical trial for SP-104. Consequently, we expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. We are subject to risks incidental to the development of new biopharmaceutical products, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. If we are unable to raise capital through a registered offering, we would be required to conduct our equity financing transactions on a private placement basis, which may be subject to pricing, size and other limitations imposed under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, or seek other sources of capital. The terms of the Oramed Note and the Tranche B Notes impose certain operating and financial covenants that restrict our operating and financial flexibility. and any failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. On September 21, 2023 (the “Oramed Closing Date”), we issued and sold to Oramed a senior secured promissory note due 18 months from the date of issuance, in the principal amount of $101,875,000 (the “Oramed Note”) pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement we entered into with Oramed, dated as of September 21, 2023 (the “Scilex-Oramed SPA”). Interest under the Oramed Note accrues at a fluctuating per annum interest rate equal to the sum of (1) greater of (x) four percent (4%) and (y) Term SOFR (as defined in the Oramed Note) and (2) eight and one-half percent (8.5%), payable in-kind on a monthly basis. Pursuant to the Oramed Note, since the outstanding principal of the Oramed Note was not repaid in full on or prior to March 21, 2024, an exit fee of $3,056,250 has been earned with respect to the Oramed Note, which shall be due and payable on the date the outstanding 60 principal amount of the Oramed Note is paid in full. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the Oramed Note, holders of more than 50% of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Oramed Notes may elect to cause all outstanding amounts under the Oramed Note to accrue interest at a default rate equal to the lesser of (i) Term SOFR plus fifteen percent (15%) or (ii) the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. The make-whole amount was waived by Oramed for our voluntary prepayments in March 2024. If the Oramed Note is accelerated upon an event of default, we are required to repay the principal amount of the Oramed Note at a mandatory default rate of 125% of such principal amount (together with 100% of accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts due in respect of the Oramed Note). The Oramed Note contains mandatory prepayment provisions requiring us and our subsidiaries to, following the earlier of (x) April 1, 2024, and (y) the date on which the Acceptable Indebtedness (as defined in the Oramed Note) is repaid in full, use 70% of the net cash proceeds of any Cash Sweep Financing (as defined in the Oramed Note) or advance under the ELOCs (as defined in the Oramed Note) to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Oramed Note (the “Mandatory Prepayment Sweep”). Following each of the April 2024 RDO, the receipt of the FSF Deposit and the ATM Sales Agreement (each as defined below), we made mandatory prepayments of $9,578,835, $7,000,000 and $1,760,796, respectively, to Oramed, which equals 70% of the net cash proceeds we received from each of the April 2024 RDO, the FSF Deposit and the sale of shares pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement. Given such payment was not a voluntary prepayment, such prepayment did not trigger the make-whole amount under the Oramed Note. On October 8, 2024 (the “Issuance Date”), we issued and sold in a registered offering to certain institutional investors (collectively, the “Tranche B Investors”) and Oramed (together with the Tranche B Investors, the “Tranche B Noteholders”) senior secured convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $50,000,000 (the “Tranche B Notes”), which notes are convertible into shares of Common Stock, pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement we entered into with the Tranche B Noteholders, dated as of October 7, 2024 (the “Tranche B Securities Purchase Agreement”). In consideration for Tranche B Notes issued to Oramed, the outstanding principal balance of the Oramed Note was reduced by $22,500,000, and an additional principal payments of an aggregate amount of $15,000,000 were made in November and December 2024. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding principal amount, as well as the accrued interest and fees, of the Oramed Note was $28,192,316.82, with the remaining amount due on March 21, 2025, which maturity date was extended to December 31, 2025 pursuant to an amendment letter we entered into with Oramed, dated as of January 21, 2025 , and subsequently extended to March 31, 2026 pursuant to the Option Agreement (as defined and described in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Tranche B Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.5% per annum, payable in arrears on the first trading day of each calendar quarter, beginning January 2, 2025, payable, at our option, either in cash or in shares of Common Stock, subject to certain conditions. The Oramed Note and the Tranche B Notes contain affirmative and negative covenants binding on us and our subsidiaries which restrict, among other things, us and our subsidiaries from incurring indebtedness or liens, repaying certain indebtedness, or declaring or paying any cash dividends or distribution, selling or otherwise disposing of any assets, entering into transactions with affiliates, in each case as more fully set forth in, and subject to certain qualifications, exceptions, and “baskets” set forth in the Oramed Note and the Tranche B Notes. The Oramed Note also contains covenants requiring us to maintain a segregated bank account under specific terms and conditions, for purposes of receiving the Mandatory Prepayment Sweep, requiring SCLX Stock Acquisition JV LLC, our indirect wholly owned subsidiary (“SCLX JV”), to comply with the separateness representations and covenants in its organizational documents, and requiring our subsidiary, SCLX DRE Holdings LLC, to maintain its status as a passive holding company. The Tranche B Notes also require us to, at the request of the holder, not more frequently than once per fiscal year, hire an independent, reputable investment bank to investigate whether any breach of the Tranche B Notes has occurred if an event constituting an event of default has occurred and is continuing or any holder reasonably believes that an event constituting an event of default has occurred or is continuing. In addition, the Tranche B Notes prohibit us from entering into specified fundamental transactions unless the successor entity assumes all of our obligations under the Tranche B Notes under a written agreement approved by the required holders of the Tranche B Notes before the transaction is completed. Upon consummation of specified fundamental transactions, the successor entity must confirm that upon conversion or redemption of the Tranche B Notes thereafter, shares of the successor entity will be issuable 60 upon such conversion or redemption. The holders of the Tranche B Notes also have certain redemption rights upon a fundamental transaction constituting a change of control. The Oramed Note and the Tranche B Notes contain certain customary events of default, including, without limitation, a cross-default to other specified indebtedness or any other indebtedness involving an obligation of a certain amount, a failure in payment of principal, as well as any bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization event. In addition, failure to comply with the covenants under the Oramed Note or Tranche B Notes could result in an event of default. The events of default under the Oramed Note include, among others, a change of control of our company and under the Tranche B Notes include, among others, any material adverse effect on our business, properties, assets, liabilities, operation, condition or prospects. Upon an event of default under the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes, subject to notice requirements in the case of certain events of default, all amounts outstanding under the Oramed Note may become immediately due and payable and the holders of the Tranche B Notes are entitled to certain conversion and redemption rights, respectively. We may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for 61 additional financing to repay such indebtedness or to make any accelerated or redemption payments, and Oramed and/or the Tranche B Noteholders could seek to enforce their security interests in the collateral securing such indebtedness or other remedies available to them under the Oramed Note or Tranche B Notes, respectively, or as provided by applicable law. Oramed could also seek to enforce the guaranty under the Subsidiary Guarantee entered into by us and each of our subsidiaries, dated as of September 21, 2023, to carry out our payment obligations under the Oramed Note. Any failure by us to comply with the obligations under the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our outstanding indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur, combined with our other financial obligations, could increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and market conditions, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry and impose a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or better debt servicing options. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, the terms of any new debt could further restrict our ability to operate our business. The Oramed Note and Tranche B Notes impose certain operating and financial covenants and any failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If an event of default occurs under the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes (collectively, the “Existing Notes”), the holder of the Oramed Note could elect to immediately accelerate the due date of such note and, in the case of the Tranche B Notes, all of the holders thereof could require that we redeem such notes in accordance with the terms thereof, including any default interest rates, liquidated damages or similar penalties that would arise pursuant to the terms of such Existing Notes upon an event of default that is not cured within the applicable periods set forth in the Existing Notes. We may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for additional financing to repay our indebtedness under the Existing Notes or to make any accelerated or redemption payments, and the lenders could seek to enforce their respective security interests in the collateral securing such indebtedness or other remedies available to such lenders under the Existing Notes or as provided by applicable law. The lenders could also seek to enforce the guaranty under the Subsidiary Guarantee entered into by us and each of our subsidiaries, dated as of September 21, 2023 and amended as of October 8, 2024, to carry out our payment obligations under the Existing Notes. Any failure by us to comply with the obligations under the Existing Notes could cause our stock price to decrease significantly, result in substantial dilution or cause us to be unable to raise additional capital, which could have a material negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See the risk factor titled “ We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes in cash upon a change of control or other event of default, and any future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion of the Tranche B Notes ” for additional information. We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes in cash upon a change of control or other event of default, and any future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion of the Tranche B Notes. A change of control transaction triggers an event of default under the Oramed Note, which will result in the full unpaid principal amount of the Oramed Note, together with interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, to the date of acceleration becoming, at the election of the holder of the Oramed Note, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount (as defined in the Oramed Note). Similarly, a change of control transaction (including any fundamental transaction in which our successor is not a public company) triggers the redemption rights of the holders under the Tranche B Notes. If the Tranche B Notes are not retired in connection with such change of control transaction, each holder may require us to redeem in cash all, or any portion, of the Tranche B Notes at a 30% redemption premium to the greater of (i) the amounts then outstanding under the Tranche B Notes to be redeemed; (ii) the equity value of our Common Stock underlying such Tranche B Notes; and (iii) the equity value of the change of control consideration payable to the holders of our Common Stock underlying such Tranche B Notes. In such events or in the event of any other redemption event or event of default under the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes , we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to pay cash with respect to the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes. In addition, our ability to pay cash upon default of the Oramed Note or the Tranche B Notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority, or any agreement governing our future indebtedness . We may be unable to comply with the covenants of our debt agreements with The St. James Bank. We must comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants under our debt agreements with The St. James Bank. On December 1, 2025, we entered into that certain Non-Recourse Loan and Securities Pledge Agreement (as amended, the “Scilex-St. James Loan Agreement”) with The St. James Bank & Trust Company Ltd. (“St. James”), and on December 15, 2025, SCLX JV, our independently managed subsidiary, entered into  that certain Non-Recourse Loan and Securities Pledge Agreement with St. James (the “SCLX JV-St. James Loan Agreement”, and together with the Scilex-St. James Loan Agreement, the “St. James Loan Agreements”). We may not be 62 able to satisfy all such covenants or obtain any required waiver or amendment, in which event St. James could refuse to make further extensions of credit to us and could require all amounts borrowed under the St. James Loan Agreements, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition to allowing St. James to accelerate the repayment of amounts borrowed, several events of default under the St. James Loan Agreements could require us to pay interest at a rate higher than the interest rate effective immediately before the event of default. Following an event of default, if St. James accelerates the repayment of all amounts borrowed, together with accrued interest and other fees, we may not have sufficient cash available to repay the amounts due, and we may be forced to seek to amend the terms of the St. James Loan Agreements or obtain alternative financing, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, if we fail to pay amounts when due under the St. James Loan Agreements or upon the occurrence of another event of default, St. James could proceed against the collateral granted to it pursuant to the St. James Loan Agreements.  As of March 31, 2026, we have nil shares of common stock of Datavault AI Inc. pledged as collateral under the Scilex-St. James Loan Agreement, and under the SCLX JV-St. James Loan Agreement, SCLX JV currently has nil shares of our Common Stock pledged as collateral. If St. James proceeds against the collateral, such assets would no longer be held by us or SCLX JV, respectively, which would have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. On March 11, 2026, we filed a lawsuit (the "Scilex-St. James Loan Complaint") against St. James, certain affiliates thereof (collectively with St. James, the "Wade Defendants") and Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ("BNY") in connection with the St. James Loans and certain treatment of the shares pledged as collateral therefor, asserting (1) federal securities fraud (against all defendants); (2) state securities fraud (against the Wade Defendants); (3) fraudulent inducement (against the Wade Defendants); (4) unlawful conversion (against all defendants); and (5) negligence (against BNY). There can be no assurance that we will be successful in litigating such claims against St. James, the Wade Defendants or BNY. Following the filing of the Scilex-St. James Loan Complaint, St. James sent us a notice of default asserting, inter alia, that the filing of the Scilex-St. James Loan Complaint constituted an event of default under the Scilex-St. James Loan. We may be required to make milestone payments to the former stockholders of Semnur in connection with our development and commercialization of SEMDEXA, which could adversely affect the overall profitability of SEMDEXA, if approved. Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger we entered into with Semnur, Sigma Merger Sub, Inc., our prior wholly owned subsidiary, Fortis Advisors LLC, solely as representative of the “Semnur Equityholders”, and Sorrento, for limited purposes, we are obligated to pay the Semnur Equityholders up to an aggregate of $280.0 million in contingent cash consideration based on the achievement of certain milestones. A $40.0 million payment will be due upon obtaining the first approval of a new drug application by the FDA (“NDA”) of any Semnur product, which includes SEMDEXA. Additional payments will be due upon the achievement of certain cumulative net sales of Semnur products, as follows: • a $20.0 million payment upon the achievement of $100.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product; • a $20.0 million payment upon the achievement of $250.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product; • a $50.0 million payment upon the achievement of $500.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product; and • a $150.0 million payment upon the achievement of $750.0 million in cumulative net sales of a Semnur product. These milestone obligations could impose substantial additional costs on us, divert resources from other aspects of our business, and adversely affect the overall profitability of SEMDEXA, if approved. We may need to obtain additional financing to satisfy these milestone payments, and cannot be sure that any additional funding, if needed, will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. We will require substantial additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to significantly increase our spending to continue our commercialization efforts for ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, advance development of our current product candidates and launch and commercialize any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. We will also require additional capital to fund our other operating expenses and capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2025, our cash and cash equivalents were approximately $5.0 million, and we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $921.8 million. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, some of which are outside of our control, including but not limited to: • the costs and expenses associated with our ongoing commercialization efforts for ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB; • the degree of success we experience in commercializing ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB; • the revenue generated by sales of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and other products that may be approved, if any; • the scope, progress, results and costs of conducting studies and clinical trials for our product candidates, SEMDEXA, SP-103 and SP-104; 63 • the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates; • the costs of manufacturing ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates; • the timing and amount of any milestone, royalty or other payments we are required to make pursuant to any current or future collaboration or license agreements; • our ability to maintain existing, and establish new, strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of any such agreements, including the timing and amount of any future milestone, royalty or other payments due under any such agreement; • the extent to which ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or any of our product candidates, if approved for commercialization, is adopted by the physician community; • our need to expand our research and development activities; • the costs of acquiring, licensing or investing in businesses, product candidates and technologies; • the effect of competing products and product candidates and other market developments; • the number and types of future products we develop and commercialize; • any product liability or other lawsuits related to our products; • the expenses needed to attract, hire and retain skilled personnel; • the costs associated with being a public company; • our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; • the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications and maintaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property-related claims; • the costs related to servicing of our debt; • the costs of financing additional clinical, regulatory and commercial activities; and • the extent and scope of our general and administrative expenses. Until we are able to generate significant revenue, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, government contracts or other strategic transactions. We cannot be sure that any additional funding, if needed, will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. Furthermore, any additional equity or equity-related financing may be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt or equity financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest costs. If we raise additional funds through collaborations or strategic alliances with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, future revenue streams, research programs or technologies, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to raise additional financing on acceptable terms, we may be required to significantly reduce or cease our operations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and other liquidity needs. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our other obligations, planned capital expenditures and other strategic investments will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and we cannot assure you that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we do not generate cash flow from operations sufficient to pay our debt service or other obligations, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital. Our ability to refinance our debt and fund other obligations will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at that time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. See Note 2 titled “ Liquidity and Going Concern ” of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a discussion regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows and substantial cumulative net losses raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In Note 2 titled “ Liquidity and Going Concern ” of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we disclose that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, which stated that management has concluded that substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date our consolidated financial statements are issued. We have negative working capital and have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows and expect to continue incurring losses for the 64 foreseeable future. Further, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $921.8 million as of December 31, 2025 and approximately $563.1 million as of December 31, 2024. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our ability to become a profitable operating company is dependent upon our ability to generate revenue and obtain financing adequate to fulfill our development and commercialization activities and achieving a level of revenue adequate to support our cost structure. We have plans to obtain additional resources to fund our currently planned operations and expenditures through additional debt and equity financing. We will need to seek additional financing to fund our current operations, including the commercialization of ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, as well as the development of our other material product candidates for the next 12 months. Our plans are substantially dependent upon the success of future sales of ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB among which ELYXYB and GLOPERBA are still in the early stages of commercialization, and are dependent upon, among other things, the success of our marketing of ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA and our ability to secure additional payor contracts with terms that are consistent with our business plan. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, our financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. Future financial statements may disclose substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We have previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to timely and accurately report our financial results, and such material weaknesses may result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2023, we have remediated the previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and we have not identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2025. If we identify additional material weaknesses or deficiencies in internal controls in the future and we are unable to correct them in a timely manner, our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, will be adversely affected. Any such failure could negatively affect the market price and trading liquidity of our Common Stock, lead to delisting, causing investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, subject us to civil and criminal investigations and penalties, and generally materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. If, in the future, we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting or fail to meet the demands that will be placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or report them within the timeframe required by law or stock exchange regulations. Failure to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could also potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. If additional material weaknesses exist or are discovered in the future, and we are unable to remediate any such material weakness, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. Risks Related to our Commercial Operations and Product Development We obtain, or historically have obtained, our commercial supply of certain of our products, the clinical supply of our product candidates and certain of the raw materials used in our product candidates from sole or single source suppliers and manufacturers. In the event of a loss of one of these suppliers or manufacturers, or a failure by any such supplier or manufacturer to comply with FDA regulations, we may not be able to find an alternative source on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We rely on a number of sole or single source suppliers and manufacturers, including: • the manufacturer and supplier for the commercial supply of ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA; • the manufacturer and supplier for the clinical supply of SP-103; • the manufacturer and supplier for the clinical supply of SP-104; • the supplier of sodium hyaluronate, one of the excipients for SEMDEXA; and • the manufacturer for the clinical supply of SEMDEXA. Under the Product Development Agreement and the Commercial Supply Agreement, we license the rights to ZTlido from, and rely exclusively on, Oishi and Itochu for the manufacturing and supply of ZTlido and SP-103. Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement and the Commercial Supply Agreement under certain circumstances, including, among other things: (1) if we are in material breach of the agreement and the breach is not curable or if the breach is curable and we fail to cure such material breach within 180 days after notice requesting to cure; (2) if, at any time during the term of the Product Development Agreement 65 and the Commercial Supply Agreement, the market conditions are such that (a) our total net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 are equal to or less than five percent of our net sales of ZTlido and SP-103 for a period of four or more consecutive quarters, or (b) the economic viability of ZTlido and SP-103 is affected significantly as evidenced by documentation and substantial information by any external circumstances deemed detrimental to all parties as agreed to by us, on the one hand, and Oishi and Itochu, on the other hand, and the parties are unable to resolve the concerns under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) after 30 days of good-faith discussion; and (3) in the event of our bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors. As of December 31, 2025, our net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 have not exceeded five percent of net sales. Accordingly, Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement and Commercial Supply Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, neither Oishi nor Itochu has exercised its right of termination. If the Product Development Agreement and the Commercial Supply Agreement are terminated, we would lose access to the intellectual property and proprietary manufacturing process upon which ZTlido and SP-103 depend. We expect our third-party manufacturers and suppliers of both GLOPERBA and ELYXYB are capable of providing sufficient quantities of these products to meet anticipated commercial demands; however, if third parties with whom we currently work are unable to meet our manufacturing and supply requirements, we will need to secure alternate manufacturers and suppliers or face potential delays or shortages. While we believe that there are other contract manufacturers and suppliers with the technical capabilities to manufacture and supply these products, we cannot be certain that identifying and establishing relationships with such sources would not result in significant delay or material additional costs. Historically, we have purchased our clinical supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate, one of the excipients for SP-102, solely from Genzyme Corporation (“Genzyme”) pursuant to a supply agreement, which terminated as of May 31, 2024. We anticipate that our current supply of sodium hyaluronate will be sufficient to satisfy our clinical supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate. Although we are currently in the process of identifying and certifying new suppliers to fulfill our future clinical and commercial supply requirements for sodium hyaluronate, we may not be able to find an alternative supplier of sodium hyaluronate on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Under the “Lifecore Master Services Agreement”, we depend on Lifecore to manufacture clinical supplies of SEMDEXA. Lifecore has the right to terminate the Lifecore Master Services Agreement under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to: (1) if we are in material breach of the agreement and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of written notice; (2) if we (a) become insolvent, (b) cease to function as a going concern, (c) become convicted of or plead guilty to a charge of violating any law relating to either party’s business, or (d) engage in any act which materially impairs goodwill associated with SEMDEXA or materially impairs the terminating party’s trademark or trade name; (3) if we fail to pay past due invoices upon 30 days’ written notice, or (4) if we reject or fail to respond to a major change proposed by Lifecore that does not change Legacy Semnur’s written and approved acceptance criteria in its product specifications. In the event that Lifecore decides to terminate the Lifecore Master Services Agreement, finding an alternative manufacturer on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, may be difficult. On June 6, 2023, Legacy Semnur entered into the Second Amendment to Lifecore Master Services Agreement with Lifecore, which extended the term of the agreement until December 31, 2028. Under the "Tulex Master Services Agreement" and Tulex Statement of Work, we depend on Tulex to develop, test and manufacture clinical supplies of SP-104. Tulex has the right to terminate the Tulex Master Services Agreement under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to: (1) if we are in material breach of the agreement or a statement of work and fail to cure such breach within 15 days after receipt of notice of such breach (or such other time period expressly stated in the applicable statement of work) or (2) in the event of our insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership, or a failure to remove any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings within ten days from the date of institution of such proceedings. In addition, we may terminate the agreement or any statement of work (a) without cause upon 30 days prior written notice to Tulex or (b) immediately upon written notice in the event Tulex is dissolved or undergoes a change in control. In the event that the Tulex Master Services Agreement or a statement of work is terminated, we may not be able to find an alternative manufacturer and supplier on commercially reasonable terms. Additionally, the manufacturing facilities used by our third-party suppliers and manufacturers must continue to comply with FDA requirements and, when located outside the U.S., applicable foreign requirements, and are subject to periodic announced or unannounced inspections. We have limited control over the ability of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If our third-party suppliers and manufacturers fail to comply with FDA requirements, the FDA may not authorize the manufacture of our products and product candidates at these facilities, and we may be unable to find alternative manufacturing facilities in a timely manner or at all. The failure by such third parties to comply with applicable requirements could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, delays in obtaining product approvals, fines, injunctions, import detention, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of our product, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions. In addition, our product candidates may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities and other supplies. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under current Good Manufacturing Practice ("cGMP") 66 regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. Also, prior to the approval of our product candidates, we would need to identify a contract manufacturer that could produce our products on a commercial scale and that could successfully complete FDA pre-approval inspection and inspections by other health authorities. Agreements with such manufacturers or suppliers may not be available to us at the time we would need to have that capability and capacity. If the commercial supply of our commercial products, clinical supply of our product candidates and certain of the raw materials used in our product candidates are disrupted or delayed, there can be no assurance that alternative sources can serve as adequate replacements or that supplies will be available on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Any disruption in supply could affect the profitability of ZTlido, the commercialization of GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, and the development of SEMDEXA, SP-103 and SP-104. We rely on a single third-party logistics distribution provider for ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA. We currently rely on Cardinal Health 105, LLC (“Cardinal Health 105”) as our third-party logistics distribution provider for ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA in the United States. Cardinal Health 105 also performs the following services on our behalf: customer service, credit checks, invoicing, chargebacks, distributor fee for service, government reporting, customer returns, accounts receivable, inventory control, product security (DSCSA serialization) inquiries and recall assistance. If we are unable to maintain a favorable relationship with Cardinal Health 105, we expect that our revenue would decline and our business would be harmed as a result. We may be unable to control the timing of the delivery of ZTlido, ELYXYB and GLOPERBA to distributors, and any financial uncertainty or loss of key logistic employees of Cardinal Health 105, as our only third-party logistics provider, may negatively impact our sales. If we fail to achieve certain milestones in our Product Development Agreement with Itochu and Oishi, we could lose rights that are important to our business. Certain of our existing license and supply agreements impose various milestones and other obligations on us. For example, under our Product Development Agreement with Itochu and Oishi, if our total net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 are equal to or less than five percent of our net sales of ZTlido and SP-103 for a period of four or more consecutive quarters, Itochu and Oishi have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement if the parties are unable to resolve the concerns after 30 days of good-faith negotiation. As of December 31, 2025, our net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 have not exceeded five percent of net sales. Accordingly, Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement and Commercial Supply Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, neither Oishi nor Itochu has exercised its right of termination. If we fail to achieve the milestones under the Product Development Agreement, we may lose our exclusivity rights or the counterparty may have the right to terminate the agreement, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and intend to rely on third parties to conduct all of our future clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. We currently do not have the ability to independently conduct any clinical trials. The FDA and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions require us to comply with regulations and standards, commonly referred to as GCP requirements for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials, in order to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and accurate and that the trial subjects are adequately protected, including being sufficiently informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials. We rely on medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories and other third parties, such as contract research organizations (“CROs”), to conduct GCP-compliant clinical trials of our product candidates properly and on time. While we have agreements governing their activities, we control only certain aspects of their activities and have limited influence over their actual performance. The third parties with whom we contract for execution of our GCP-compliant clinical trials play a significant role in the conduct of these studies and trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. These third parties are not our employees and, except for restrictions imposed by our contracts with such third parties, we have limited ability to control the amount and timing of resources that they devote to our programs. Although we rely on these third parties to conduct our GCP-compliant clinical trials, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with our investigational plan and protocol and applicable laws and regulations, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For any violations of laws and regulations in the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, we could be subject to warning letters or enforcement actions that may include civil penalties up to and including criminal prosecution. Many of the third parties with whom we contract may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities that could harm our competitive position. We face the risk of potential unauthorized disclosure or infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property by 67 CROs, which may reduce our trade secret and intellectual property protection and allow our potential competitors to access and exploit our proprietary technology. Further, any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us or be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. If the third parties conducting our clinical trials do not adequately perform their contractual duties or obligations, experience significant business challenges, disruptions or failures, do not meet expected deadlines, terminate their agreements with us or need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our protocols or to GCPs, or for any other reason, we may need to enter into new arrangements with alternative third parties. This could be difficult, costly or impossible, and our clinical trials may need to be extended, delayed, terminated or repeated. As a result, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval or successful commercialization in a timely fashion, or at all, for the applicable product candidate. Our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. We may in the future enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties that may not result in the development of commercially viable products or the generation of significant future revenues. Our business is substantially dependent upon the intellectual property licensed from Oishi and Itochu. In the ordinary course of our business, we may enter into collaborations, additional in-licensing arrangements (such as, for example, the Romeg License Agreement), joint ventures, or strategic alliances to develop proposed products and to pursue new markets. Proposing, negotiating and implementing collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. Other companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology or other business resources, may compete with us for these opportunities or arrangements. We may not identify, secure or complete any such transactions or arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, and may not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transactions or arrangements. Additionally, with respect to current and future collaborations, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the transaction or arrangement, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our collaborators may have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals. It is possible that conflicts may arise with our collaborators, such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, such as those related to financial obligations or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. If any conflicts arise with our current or future collaborators, they may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to our best interest, and they may breach their obligations to us. In addition, we have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our current collaborators or any future collaborators devote to our collaborators’ or our future products. Disputes between us and our collaborators may result in litigation or arbitration which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. Further, these transactions and arrangements are contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the applicable agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to have rights to the products relating to such transaction or arrangement or may need to purchase such rights at a premium. Delays in clinical trials could result in increased costs for us and delay our ability to obtain commercial approval and generate additional revenue. Before obtaining marketing approval for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates for their intended indications. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: • delays in obtaining regulatory authorizations to commence a clinical trial or reaching a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; • delays in identifying prospective clinical investigators or clinical trial sites that have necessary qualifications, interest and capacity to perform a requested protocol; • delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; • delays in obtaining approval from one or more institutional review boards (“IRBs”); • IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the trial at the investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing their approval of the trial; • changes to the clinical trial protocol; • delays in recruiting suitable subjects to participate in our clinical trials; 68 • failure by us, any CROs we engage or any other third parties to adhere to clinical trial requirements; • failure to perform in accordance with GCPs; • delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of our product candidates to the clinical sites, including delays by third parties with whom we have contracted to perform certain of those functions; • delays in subjects completing participation in a trial or returning for post-treatment follow-up; • clinical trial sites or subjects dropping out of a trial; • key investigators departing their clinical sites; • lack of adequate funding to continue the trial; • selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or analysis of the resulting data; • subjects experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; • imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory authorities as a result of a serious adverse event, after an inspection of our clinical trial operations, trial sites or manufacturing facilities, or for other reasons; • occurrence of serious adverse events in our trials or in trials of the same class of agents conducted by other sponsors; • changes in regulatory requirements or guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; • a facility manufacturing our product candidates or any of their components being ordered by the FDA to temporarily or permanently shut down or conduct significant remediation due to violations of cGMP regulations or other applicable requirements; • any changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; • third-party clinical investigators losing the licenses or permits necessary to perform our clinical trials and/or not performing our clinical trials on our anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, GCP, or other regulatory requirements; • third-party contractors not performing data collection or analysis in a timely or accurate manner; or • third-party contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or all of the data produced by subcontractors in support of our marketing applications. We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, participants being exposed to unacceptable health risks, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to comply with these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. Our product development costs will increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals. The FDA and other regulatory agencies may impose new or refined testing expectations based on experience and increased knowledge over time. In addition, if we make manufacturing or other changes to our product candidates, we may need to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. We do not know whether any of our clinical trials, including our planned clinical trials of SP-103, SP-104 and SEMDEXA, will begin or continue as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. We may not have the necessary capabilities, including adequate staffing, to successfully manage the execution and completion of any clinical trials we initiate in a way that leads to our obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates in a timely manner, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 69 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or other health crises, which could cause significant disruptions in our operations and those of our CMOs, CROs and other third parties upon whom we rely. Health pandemics or other health crises, including COVID-19, have in the past and could again in the future result in a disruption of our businesses, delay our research and development programs and timelines, negatively impact our productivity and increase risks associated with cybersecurity. More specifically, these types of events may negatively impact personnel at third-party manufacturing facilities or the availability or cost of materials, which could disrupt our supply chain. Moreover, our clinical trials may be negatively affected. Clinical site initiation and patient enrollment may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources. Some patients may not be able or willing to comply with trial protocols if wide-spread health crisis impedes patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Our ability to recruit and retain patients, principal investigators and site staff (who as healthcare providers may have heightened exposure) may be hindered, which would adversely affect our trial operations. In addition, we rely on independent clinical investigators, CROs and other third-party service providers to assist us in managing, monitoring and otherwise carrying out our clinical trials, including the collection of data from our trials, and the effects of health pandemics or other health crises may affect their ability to devote sufficient time and resources to our programs. As a result, the expected timeline for data readouts, including incompleteness in data collection and analysis and other related activities, and certain regulatory filings may be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, the impact of such health pandemics or other health crises on the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities could negatively affect our planned trials and approval processes. Even if we complete the necessary clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, and the approval may be for a more narrow indication than we seek. We cannot commercialize our product candidates until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state and local statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources and we may not be able to obtain the required regulatory approvals. Even if our product candidates meet the safety and efficacy endpoints in clinical trials, the data may not be considered sufficient by regulatory authorities, those regulatory authorities may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval. Additional delays may result if an FDA advisory committee is convened, including if such advisory committee recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action or changes in regulatory authority policy or data requirements during the period of product development, clinical trials and the regulatory review process. Even if we receive regulatory approval, the FDA may approve a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or they may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, black box warnings or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”). The FDA may require labeling that includes warnings and precautions or contra-indications with respect to conditions of use or may grant approval subject to the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, the FDA may not approve the labeling claims that are considered necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. Additionally, if the results of any clinical trials are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or serious adverse events associated with our product candidates, we may: • be delayed or fail in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; • obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as we intended or desired; • obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; • be subject to changes in the way the products are administered; • be required to perform additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; • have regulatory authorities withdraw, or suspend, their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified REMS; • be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; or • experience damage to our reputation. 70 We may find it difficult to enroll or maintain patients in our clinical trials, which could delay or prevent us from proceeding with clinical trials of our product candidates. Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in any clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of any clinical trials depends on our ability to recruit patients and to complete required follow-up periods. If patients are unwilling to participate in our clinical trials due to negative publicity from adverse events, competitive clinical trials for similar patient populations, or for other reasons, the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting trials and potentially obtaining regulatory approval may be delayed. We may also experience delays if patients withdraw from a clinical trial or do not complete the required monitoring period. These delays could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product candidates, delays in testing the effectiveness of our product candidates or termination of clinical trials altogether. Patient enrollment is affected by many factors, including: • the size and nature of the patient population; • the proximity of patients to clinical sites; • the eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial; • the design of the clinical trial; • competing clinical trials; • the risk that enrolled patients will not complete a clinical trial; • ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; • potential disruptions caused by COVID-19 (or other similar disruptions), including difficulties in initiating clinical sites, enrolling and retaining participants, diversion of healthcare resources away from clinical trials, travel or quarantine policies that may be implemented and other factors; • our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; and • clinicians’ and patients’ perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate in relation to other available products. The conditions for which we currently plan to evaluate our product candidates are common, but the eligibility criteria of our clinical trials limit the pool of available trial participants. For example, we experienced a delay in the enrollment of our now completed SEMDEXA Phase 3 clinical trial in sciatica due to the selective eligibility criteria in place to reduce the placebo effect and the impacts of COVID-19 and may experience similar issues with enrollment of our other planned clinical trials. In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to it, because some patients who have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by a competitor. We may conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. The incidence and prevalence for target patient populations of our product candidates are based on estimates and third-party sources. If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we estimate or if any approval that we obtain is based on a narrower definition of the patient population, our revenue and ability to achieve profitability might be materially and adversely affected. Periodically, we make estimates regarding the incidence and prevalence of target patient populations of our product candidates based on various third-party sources and internally generated analyses and use such estimates in making decisions regarding our product development strategy, including acquiring or in-licensing product candidates and determining indications on which to focus in preclinical studies or clinical trials. These estimates may be inaccurate or based on imprecise data. For example, the total addressable market opportunities will depend on, among other things, acceptance by the medical community and patient access, drug pricing and reimbursement. The number of patients in the addressable markets may turn out to be lower than expected, patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our product candidates, or new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, all of which may significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We face significant competition and our competitors may discover, develop or commercialize products faster or more successfully than us. 71 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by intense competition and rapid technological advances. In addition, the competition in the pain management market, and other relevant markets, is intense. ZTlido and our product candidate, SP-103, face and will likely face competition from other prescription patches, generic topical lidocaine patches, and OTC lidocaine patches, including Lidoderm ® , generic lidocaine patches manufactured by Mylan N.V., Teva and Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., and various OTC patches. Additionally, SP-103, if approved, will likely compete with various opioid pain medications, NSAIDs, muscle relaxants, antidepressants and anticonvulsants particularly as we seek approval for the treatment of chronic neck pain. SEMDEXA, if approved, has the potential to become the first FDA-approved epidural steroid product for the treatment of sciatica. While there are currently no FDA approved epidural steroid injections indicated for the treatment of sciatica, we are aware of certain non-steroid product candidates in development. SEMDEXA, if approved, also will compete with various opioid pain medications, NSAIDs, muscle relaxants, antidepressants, anticonvulsants and surgical procedures. Procedures may include nerve blocks and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulations. We may also face indirect competition from the off-label and unapproved use of branded and generic injectable steroids. While there are currently no formulations containing naltrexone in clinical development for the treatment of fibromyalgia, we are aware of certain non-opioid therapeutics currently in a late-stage phase 3 pipeline containing two 505(b)(2) development programs. Our product candidate, SP-104, will likely face direct competition from these candidates. We expect that the market will become increasingly competitive in the future. Many of our competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, operate larger research and development programs and have substantially greater financial resources than we do, as well as significantly greater experience in developing product candidates and technologies, undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of product candidates, formulating and manufacturing product candidates, and launching, marketing and selling product candidates. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. As a result, these companies may obtain regulatory approval more rapidly than we are able to and may be more effective in selling and marketing their products as well. Smaller or early-stage companies or generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical manufacturers may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis, products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we are currently developing or that we may develop. If approved, our product candidates will face competition from commercially available drugs as well as drugs that are in the development pipelines of our competitors and later enter the market. Established pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make our product candidates less competitive. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA approval or discovering, developing and commercializing medicines before we do, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The third-party payor coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates, if approved, could decrease our ability to generate product revenue. There is significant uncertainty related to the third-party coverage and reimbursement of existing and newly approved products. Market acceptance and sales of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved, in domestic markets will depend significantly on the availability of coverage and adequacy of reimbursement from third-party payors, including government programs (such as Medicare and Medicaid) and private payor healthcare and insurance programs. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. Coverage and reimbursement for ZTlido can differ significantly from payor to payor, and we may not be able to maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement in the future. Further, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products to each third-party payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained or applied consistently. We may not be able to provide sufficient data to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement. Additionally, 72 coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States. Assuming that coverage is obtained for a given product, the resulting reimbursement rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments or co-insurance that patients find unacceptably high. Patients, physicians, and other healthcare providers may be less likely to prescribe, dispense or use, as applicable, any approved product unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost. The market for our products will depend significantly on access to third-party payors’ drug formularies for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such formularies often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded product in their formularies or otherwise restrict patient access to a branded product when a less costly generic equivalent or other alternative is available. In addition, even if we obtain adequate levels of reimbursement, third-party payors carefully review and increasingly question the coverage of, and challenge the prices charged for, products. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that pharmaceutical companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices for products. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. If coverage and reimbursement of our product candidates are unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability. Furthermore, the requirements governing medical product pricing vary widely from country to country. In some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a prescription device must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Our product candidate SEMDEXA is expected to be a physician-administered injectable viscous gel and as such, separate reimbursement for the product itself may not be available. Instead, if SEMDEXA receives regulatory approval, the administering physician may be reimbursed only for providing the treatment or procedure in which SEMDEXA is used. To the extent separate coverage and reimbursement should become available for SEMDEXA, we anticipate that it will be sold to physicians on a “buy and bill” basis. Buy and bill products must be purchased by healthcare providers before they can be administered to patients. Healthcare providers subsequently must seek reimbursement for the product from the applicable third-party payor, such as Medicare or a health insurance company. Healthcare providers may be reluctant to administer our product candidates, if approved, because they would have to fund the purchase of the product and then seek reimbursement, which may be lower than their purchase price, or because they do not want the additional administrative burden required to obtain reimbursement for the product. Further, the codes used by providers to bill for SEMDEXA, if approved, could also affect reimbursement. J-Codes are codes maintained by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”), which are a component of the Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System and are typically used to report injectable drugs that ordinarily cannot be self-administered. We do not have a specific J-Code for any of our product candidates. If our product candidates are approved, we may apply for one but cannot guarantee that a J-Code will be granted. To the extent separate coverage or reimbursement is available for any product candidate, if approved, and a specific J-Code is not available, physicians would need to use a non-specific miscellaneous J-Code to bill third-party payors for these physician-administered drugs. Because miscellaneous J-Codes may be used for a wide variety of products, health plans may have more difficulties determining the actual product used and billed for the patient. These claims must often be submitted with additional information and manually processed, which can create delays in claims processing times as well as increasing the likelihood for claim denials and claim errors. Because we have multiple programs and product candidates in our development pipeline and are pursuing a variety of target indications and treatment approaches, we may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate and fail to capitalize on development opportunities or product candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. Apart from our FDA-approved products, ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, we currently have several product candidates that are at various stages of development. We have limited financial and management resources. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with potential target indications or product candidates that later prove to have greater commercial potential than our current and planned development programs and product candidates. We strive to progress product candidates that can address unmet or underserved medical needs and favor those candidates with large market opportunities. However, our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial product candidates or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and other future product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable future product candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights 73 to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such future product candidates. Additionally, we may pursue additional in-licenses or acquisitions of product candidates or programs, which entails additional risk to us. Identifying, selecting and acquiring promising product candidates requires substantial technical, financial and human resources expertise. Efforts to do so may not result in the actual acquisition or license of a successful product candidate, potentially resulting in a diversion of our management’s time and the expenditure of our resources with no resulting benefit. For example, if we are unable to identify programs that ultimately result in approved products, we may spend material amounts of our capital and other resources evaluating, acquiring and developing products that ultimately do not provide a return on our investment. Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, and can take many years to complete, in part because it is subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may not agree with the proposed analysis plans or trial design for the clinical trials of our product candidates. They may also not agree with the scope of our proposed investigational plan. In addition, the outcome of our clinical trials is risky and uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. It is not uncommon for companies in the pharmaceutical industry to suffer significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be successful. This product candidate development risk is heightened by any changes in the planned clinical trials compared to the completed clinical trials. As product candidates are developed through preclinical to early and late stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is customary that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing and methods of administration, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. While these types of changes are common and are intended to optimize the product candidates for late stage clinical trials, approval and commercialization, such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve their intended objectives. A Phase 3 trial was completed for SEMDEXA for the treatment of sciatica, a Phase 2 trial was completed for SP-103 in 2023, and multiple Phase 1 trials were completed in the first half of 2022 for SP-104. We may not have the necessary capabilities, including adequate staffing, to successfully manage the execution and completion of such clinical trials in a way that leads to our obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates in a timely manner, or at all. Our clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and, in the future, we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials and preclinical studies in addition to those we have planned. In March 2022, we announced final results from our Phase 3 trial for SEMDEXA, which reflect positive results with respect to primary and secondary endpoints, and we intend to use the results to support a NDA submission seeking approval for the treatment of sciatica. In November 2023, we had a Type C meeting with the FDA to discuss the requirements for filing a 505(b)(2) NDA for SEMDEXA. In the Type C meeting, the FDA indicated that it disagreed with us that the clinical data we had collected was sufficient to support the safety and efficacy of SEMDEXA. The FDA provided guidance regarding expectations for the additional confirmatory trial needed prior to a 505(b)(2) NDA filing and the circumstances under which one adequate and well-controlled trial would be sufficient for product registration. In February 2024, we had a Type D meeting with the FDA to preview a newly designed trial, in order to reduce the potential need for any other additional trials prior to a 505(b)(2) NDA filing. During the Type D meeting, the FDA provided further guidance with respect to efficacy requirements and expectations on the size of safety database needed to help best position us to be able to satisfy the requirements for a 505(b)(2) pathway approval. Our failure to adequately demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of our product candidates would prevent regulatory approval and, ultimately, the commercialization of that product for the proposed indication for use. Interim “top-line” and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publish interim “top-line” or preliminary data from our clinical trials, which are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data. Preliminary or interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or interim data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials or clinical trial sites for the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes 74 in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial procedures and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. Data disclosures must be carefully managed to conform to limitations on preapproval promotion and laws related to clinical trial registration and posting of results. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and stockholders may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug, product, product candidate or our business. If the “top-line” data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of product candidates that we may identify and pursue for their intended uses, which would prevent, delay or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive non-clinical studies, pre-clinical studies and clinical trials that the applicable product candidate is both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Each product candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended use. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical development process. Most product candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. We cannot be certain that our current clinical trials or any other future clinical trials will be successful. Additionally, any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of our product candidates in those and other indications, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, even if such clinical trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities for support of a marketing approval, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for a product candidate, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use of the specific product candidate, which may also limit its commercial potential. Even if we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates in the United States, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize any of them in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. In order to market any products in any particular jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval by the FDA in the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. However, the failure to obtain approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our ability to obtain approval elsewhere. In addition, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. In cases where data from United States clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the foreign countries, the standards for clinical trials and approval may be different. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in difficulties and increased costs for us and require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, which could be costly and time-consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of any product we develop will be impeded. Our business may suffer reputational harm due to failures of our product candidates. 75 The failure of any of our product candidates could have a lasting negative impact on our reputation, which could, in turn, impact our ability to successfully enter into future licensing arrangements or other transactions with potential counterparties, raise future capital or attract key personnel to join us. As a result, our business and prospects would be materially harmed, and our results of operations and financial condition would likely suffer materially. ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB may have undesirable properties that could result in significant negative consequences, and our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval. As is the case with pharmaceuticals generally, it is likely that there may be side effects and adverse events associated with ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. In the event that ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB is identified to have undesirable side effects, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could occur. Regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product, or we may withdraw the product from the market or suspend distribution or initiate product recalls. Restrictions may be imposed on the manufacturing or marketing of ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB or any component thereof, including the imposition of a REMS plan that may require creation of a Medication Guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, as well as elements to assure safe use of the product, such as a patient registry and training and certification of prescribers. Any of these events could damage our reputation and prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB. In the clinical trials we conduct with our product candidates, patients may experience changes in their health, including illnesses, injuries, discomforts or a fatal outcome. Often, it is not possible to determine whether the product candidate being studied caused or was associated with these conditions. In addition, it is possible that as we test our clinical products in larger, longer and more extensive clinical programs, or as use of these product candidates becomes more widespread if they receive regulatory approval, illnesses, injuries, discomforts and other adverse events that were observed in earlier clinical trials, as well as conditions that did not occur or went undetected in previous clinical trials, will be reported by subjects. Many times, side effects are only detectable after investigational products are tested in large-scale, Phase 3 clinical trial. In the event that our product candidates reveal an unacceptable severity and prevalence of these or other side effects, the clinical trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates, for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates are complex and difficult to manufacture. We could experience delays in satisfying regulatory authorities or manufacturing problems that result in delays in our development or commercialization programs, limit the supply of our product candidates, or otherwise harm our business. We currently depend on contract manufacturers to conduct the manufacturing and supply activities for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. Manufacturing these product candidates require facilities specifically designed for and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures are necessary. Several factors could cause production interruptions, including equipment malfunctions, facility contamination, raw material shortages or contamination, natural disasters, disruption in utility services, human error or disruptions in the operations of our suppliers. If contamination or other quality defects are discovered in our supply of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the defects. We may not be successful in securing additional sources at all or on a timely basis, which could materially harm our development timelines. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. In addition, there are risks associated with large scale manufacturing for clinical trials or commercial scale including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems with process scale-up, process reproducibility, product testing, stability issues, compliance with cGMP, lot consistency and timely availability of raw materials. Slight deviations in the manufacturing process, including those affecting quality attributes and stability, may result in unacceptable changes in the product that could result in lot failures or product recalls. Lot failures or product recalls could cause us to delay clinical trials or product launches, which could be costly to us and otherwise harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our manufacturers may encounter problems hiring and retaining the experienced scientific, quality assurance, quality-control and manufacturing personnel needed to operate our complex manufacturing processes, which could result in delays in production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Any problems in our manufacturing process or 76 facilities could make us a less attractive collaborator for potential partners, including larger biotechnology companies and academic research institutions, which could limit our access to additional attractive development programs. Problems in our manufacturing process could restrict our ability to meet potential future market demand for products, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any replacement of our manufacturers could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified replacements. In some cases, the technology required to manufacture our product candidates may be unique to the original manufacturer and we may have difficulty transferring such skills or technology to another third party. The process of changing manufacturers is extensive and time-consuming and could cause delays or interruptions in our product candidate supply. Further, if we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with all applicable regulations and guidelines, including cGMPs, and that the post-change material is comparable to pre-change. The delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates in a timely manner or within budget. Risks Related to our Business and Operations If we are unable to retain our key executives, it may delay our development efforts and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. If we are not able to attract, retain and motivate key executives to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our overall business strategy. In particular, and following the resignation of our former Chief Executive Officer and President, Jaisim Shah, we are highly dependent upon our executive officers, including Henry Ji, Ph.D., our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairperson, and Stephen Ma, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. The loss of services of these executive officers could delay or prevent the successful development of our product pipeline, completion of our planned clinical trials and the successful commercialization of ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB. We do not carry “key person” insurance on any of our executive officers or other employees. Competition for key executives in the biotechnology and pharmaceuticals field is intense, due to the limited number of individuals who possess the skills and experience required by our industry. Many of the pharmaceutical companies against which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. They may also provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to qualified candidates than what we have to offer. In addition, regulation or legislation impacting the workforce, such as the proposed rule published by the Federal Trade Commission which would, if issued, generally prevent employers from entering into non-compete agreements with employees and require employers to rescind existing non-compete agreements, may lead to increased uncertainty in hiring and competition for talent. Further, we may experience employee turnover as a result of the ongoing “great resignation” occurring throughout the U.S. economy, which has impacted job market dynamics. New hires require training and take time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. Moreover, we conduct our operations in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region that is home to many other biopharmaceutical companies as well as many academic and research institutions, resulting in fierce competition for qualified personnel. As such, we could have difficulty attracting and retaining experienced executives and may be required to expend significant financial resources in our recruitment and retention efforts. We may need to increase the size of our company and may not effectively manage our growth. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 34 full-time employees, which reflects the transition of our sales force to a third-party agency (see Note 13 titled “ Commitments and Contingencies ” to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information). We may need to continue to expand our managerial, operational, sales and marketing, finance and other resources in order to manage our operations, clinical trials, research and development activities, regulatory filings, manufacturing and supply activities, and any marketing and commercialization activities, including co-promotion activities. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: • identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; • managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical, FDA and internal regulatory review process for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and • improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, if any, which may cause a significant strain on our management, and our operational, financial 77 and other resources. Our ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to implement and improve our operational, financial and management systems and to expand, train, manage and motivate our employees. These demands may require the hiring of additional management personnel and the development of additional expertise by management. Any increase in resources devoted to research and product development without a corresponding increase in our operational, financial and management systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that the Semnur Business Combination will actually maximize the value of Legacy Semnur and/or the SP-102 asset for us or our stockholders. As previously announced, our Board authorized our management to explore ways in which to maximize the value of Legacy Semnur, and SP-102 (SEMDEXA), the product candidate held by Legacy Semnur, for us and our stockholders, including by way of conducting a spin-off, merger, dividend, reclassification or other similar transaction. On August 30, 2024, Legacy Semnur entered into an agreement and plan of merger (as may be amended or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms, including by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of April 16, 2025, and Amendment No.2 thereto, dated as of July 22, 2025, the “Semnur Business Combination Agreement”) with Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. (“Denali”) and Denali Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Denali (“Denali Merger Sub”), in connection with a business combination (the “Semnur Business Combination”). The Semnur Business Combination was completed on September 22, 2025, pursuant to the Semnur Business Combination Agreement, and Denali Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Semnur, the separate corporate existence of Denali Merger Sub ceased, and Legacy Semnur became the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Denali. In connection with the consummation of the Semnur Business Combination, Denali changed its name to “Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc.” (“Semnur”) and Scilex became a majority owner thereof upon consummation of the Semnur Business Combination. There is no assurance the Semnur Business Combination will actually maximize the value of Legacy Semnur and/or the SP-102 assets for us or our stockholders. In addition, we remain liable for significant transaction costs, including legal, accounting and financial advisory fees. Our insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. Although we endeavor to obtain appropriate insurance coverage for insurable risks that we identify, we do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive. We have observed rapidly changing conditions in the insurance markets relating to nearly all areas of traditional corporate insurance. Such conditions have resulted in higher premium costs, higher policy deductibles and lower coverage limits. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost, or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. While we maintain property, casualty and general liability coverage, we do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended. We do not know if we will be able to maintain existing insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Manufacturing and marketing of ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB and clinical testing of our product candidates may expose us to individual product liability claims, class action lawsuits or actions, and other individual or mass tort claims. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. In addition, physicians may misuse our products with their patients if they are not adequately trained, potentially leading to injury and increased risk of product liability. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of risks inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates, if approved. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 78 • loss of revenue from product sales; • decreased demand for our product candidates or products that we develop; • injury to our reputation; • withdrawal of clinical trial participants; • initiation of investigations by regulators; • restrictions on labeling, the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • costs to defend the related litigation; • a diversion of management’s time and our resources; • substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; and • the inability to commercialize our product candidates. Our inability to obtain and maintain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost and scope of coverage to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of any products we develop. We currently carry product liability insurance covering use in our clinical trials in the amount of $10.0 million in the aggregate. Although we maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions and deductibles, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We will have to pay any amount awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceeds our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Moreover, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. Any disruption in our research and development facilities could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our principal executive offices are in the San Francisco Bay Area, California. Our facilities may be affected by natural or man-made disasters. Earthquakes are of particular significance since our facilities are located in an earthquake-prone area. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, attacks from extremist organizations, fires, floods and similar events. If our facilities are affected by a natural or man-made disaster, we may be forced to curtail our operations and/or rely on third parties to perform some or all of our research and development activities. Although we believe we possess adequate insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business from casualties, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. In the future, we may choose to expand our operations in either our existing facilities or in new facilities. If we expand our worldwide manufacturing locations, there can be no assurance that this expansion will occur without implementation difficulties, or at all. We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions and may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, and acquisitions can be costly and dilutive. Our success depends on our ability to continually enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing customer demands, competitive pressures, technologies and market pressures. Accordingly, from time to time we may expand our business and intellectual property portfolio through the acquisition of new businesses and technologies. We cannot be sure that we will achieve anticipated benefits from any acquisition to justify the transaction. Competition within our industry for acquisitions of businesses, technologies and assets may become intense. Even if we are able to identify an acquisition that we would like to consummate, we may not be able to complete the acquisition on commercially reasonable terms, or the target may be acquired by another company. We may enter into negotiations for acquisitions that are not ultimately consummated. Those negotiations could result in diversion of management time and significant out-of-pocket costs. The success of any acquisition depends on, among other things, our ability to combine our business with an acquired business in a manner that does not materially disrupt existing relationships and that allows us to achieve development and operational synergies. If we are unable to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of an acquisition may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. If we are obligated to make any milestone payments in connection with an acquisition or licensing agreement, such obligations could impose substantial additional costs on us and divert resources from other aspects of our business. In addition, if we undertake such a transaction, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses or acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expenses. As a result, an acquisition may not be accretive to our stock value or development pipeline in the near or long term. 79 We expect to incur higher development and regulatory costs, and additional costs integrating the operations and personnel of any companies we acquire, which cannot be estimated accurately at this time. If the total costs of the integration of our companies and advancement of acquired product candidates and technologies exceed the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. International components of our business expose us to business, legal, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks associated with conducting business outside of the United States. We currently collaborate with international manufacturing partners and may potentially expand our business internationally in the future. The purchase and shipment of components from international sources subjects us to U.S. and foreign governmental trade, import and export, and customs regulations and laws. Compliance with these regulations and laws is costly and exposes us to penalties for non-compliance. Other laws and regulations that can significantly impact us include various anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), as well as export controls laws. Any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could impact us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export privileges, seizure of shipments, restrictions on certain business activities and exclusion or debarment from government contracting. Moreover, the current administration has substantially altered prior U.S. government international trade policy and has commenced activities to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries. In addition, the current administration has initiated or is considering imposing tariffs on certain foreign goods. Related to this action, certain foreign governments, including China, have instituted or are considering imposing tariffs on certain U.S. goods. It remains unclear what the current administration or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs or other international trade agreements and policies. Although the current administration has not yet implemented tariffs on pharmaceuticals, there can be no assurance that it will not implement such tariffs in the future.  A trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies has the potential to disrupt our research activities, affect our suppliers, increase the cost of materials purchased to manufacture our products, impact our ability to sell our products outside the United States or to sell our products outside the United States at competitive prices and/or to affect the United States or global economy or certain sectors thereof and, thus, could adversely impact our business. Conducting business internationally involves a number of risks, including: • multiple, sometimes conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; • difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights and in defending against third-party threats and intellectual property enforcement actions against us, our distributors or any of our third-party suppliers; • failure by us or our distributors to obtain appropriate licenses or regulatory approvals for the sale or use of our product candidates, if approved, in various countries; • difficulties in managing foreign operations; • cost and availability of shipping and other means of product transportation; • foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; • changes in duties and tariffs, license obligations and other non-tariff barriers to trade; • the imposition of new trade restrictions; • difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; • complexities associated with managing multiple payor-reimbursement regimes or self-pay systems; • natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; and • failure to comply with the FCPA, including its books and records provisions and its anti-bribery provisions, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, for example, by failing to maintain accurate information and control over sales or distributors’ activities. Any of these risks, if encountered, could significantly harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increasing use of social media platforms presents new risks and challenges. 80 Social media is increasingly being used to communicate about our research, product candidates, investigational medicines and the diseases our product candidates and investigational medicines are being developed to treat. Social media practices in the biopharmaceutical industry continue to evolve and regulations relating to such use are not always clear. This evolution creates uncertainty and risk of non-compliance with regulations applicable to our business, resulting in potential regulatory actions against us. For example, patients may use social media to comment on their experience in an ongoing blinded clinical study or to report an alleged adverse event. When such disclosures occur, there is a risk that we may fail to monitor and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations or we may not be able to defend our business or the public’s legitimate interests in the face of the political and market pressures generated by social media due to restrictions on what we may say about our product candidates. There is also a risk of inappropriate disclosure of sensitive information or negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website. Furthermore, our employees, affiliates and/or business partners may use social media for their personal use, and their activities on social media or in other forums could result in adverse publicity for us. Any negative publicity as a result of social media posts, whether or not such claims are accurate, could adversely impact us. If any of these events were to occur or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face regulatory actions, or incur other harm to our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business and operations would suffer in the event of a system failure. While we have implemented and maintain security measures, our computer systems and those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to, and have experienced, computer viruses, unauthorized access, cybersecurity attacks, and other security incidents, including as perpetrated by hackers, or as the result of natural disasters, terrorism, war, or telecommunications or electrical failures. For example, there was a cyberattack on Change Healthcare in March 2024. We worked diligently with our co-pay savings card adjudicators to resolve the breakdown of processing of insurance claims by Change Healthcare and restored the co-pay savings card processing for ZTlido and ELYXYB, which has been restored to normal operations. This incident did not have a material impact on the Company as a whole. A material system failure or security breach, if such an event were to occur, could result in a material disruption of our product development programs or a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing, or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce such data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in the loss of or damage to our data or applications, or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, including personal data, we could incur material legal liability or be the subject of legal claims, suffer damage to our reputation, lose or harm our intellectual property rights, and delay the continued research, development and commercial efforts of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved. If we are held liable for a claim against which we are not insured or for damages exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage, whether arising out of cybersecurity matters or some other matter, that claim could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, a security incident or privacy violation of the Company, those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants that leads to the unauthorized acquisition, interruption, modification, loss, theft, corruption, interference, or other unauthorized disclosure of, or prevents access to, personal data, including patient data or other protected health information, could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal or state breach notification laws and foreign equivalents, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Our ability, and the ability of our CROs and other contractors and consultants, to effectively manage and maintain our internal business information, and to ship products to customers and invoice them on a timely basis, depends significantly on our enterprise resource planning system and other information systems. Portions of our information technology systems and those of our CROs’ and other contractors’ and consultants may experience, and have experienced, interruptions, delays, or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with ongoing systems implementation work. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are continually evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data under our custody or control, and other electronic security breaches that could lead, and have led to disruptions in systems, misappropriation of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. If we, our CROs and other contractors and consultants are unable to prevent such cybersecurity attacks or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures, our operations could be disrupted, we may suffer loss of reputation, we may be the subject of governmental investigations, legal claims, or litigation, or we may incur financial loss or other regulatory penalties, each of which may not be covered by our insurance and may be material to our Company as a whole. In addition, these breaches and other unauthorized access to our systems can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying any such event may lead to increased harm of the type described above. 81 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As widely reported, global credit and financial markets have experienced volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability, as well as the continued hostilities between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel and Hamas. More recently, the escalating conflict with Iran and related military actions throughout the Middle East have caused significant uncertainty, including increased fuel prices and shipping channel disruptions, adding to disruptions to global economic conditions caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and sanctions against Russia. U.S. military intervention in Venezuela also could cause disruptions to global economic conditions and affect the stability of those regions. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of these ongoing conflicts. It is also not possible to predict with certainty these ongoing conflicts and additional adverse effects on existing U.S. macroeconomic conditions and financial markets, all of which could impact the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company as well as our ability to raise capital. There can be no assurances that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. In addition, the closure of any additional national or regional commercial banks could lead to further economic instability. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and price of our Common Stock, and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property We are substantially dependent on the intellectual property we in-license from Oishi and Itochu, and if we lose the right to license such intellectual property or if the Product Development Agreement is terminated for any reason, our ability to commercialize ZTlido and develop and commercialize SP-103 would be harmed. Our business is substantially dependent upon the intellectual property licensed from Oishi and Itochu. Pursuant to the Product Development Agreement, we have been granted an exclusive, worldwide license (except with respect to Japan) under current and future intellectual property rights relating to ZTlido and SP-103 lidocaine tape products and the lidocaine in such products, including, among other things: (1) any patent applications, continuation applications, any issued or issuing patents, as well as any foreign patent applications; (2) all know-how, work product, trade secrets, inventions, data, processes, techniques, procedures, compositions, devices, methods, formulas, protocols and information, whether patentable or not; (3) copyrightable works, copyrights and applications, registrations and renewals; (4) logos, trademarks, service marks, and all applications and registrations relating thereto; (5) other proprietary rights; (6) abbreviated new drug applications or other applications to market; and (7) any regulatory exclusivities or supplemental protection certificates. Our ability to commercialize ZTlido and develop SP-103 depends on the effectiveness and continuation of the Product Development Agreement. If we lose the right to license the intellectual property rights granted by the Product Development Agreement, our ability to develop ZTlido and SP-103 as well as new product candidates based on the licensed intellectual property would be harmed. The Product Development Agreement imposes various development, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, payments and other obligations. Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement under certain circumstances, including, among other things: (1) if we are in material breach of the agreement and the breach is not curable or if the breach is curable and we fail to cure such material breach within 180 days after notice requesting to cure; (2) if, at any time during the term of the Product Development Agreement, the market conditions are such that (a) our total net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 are equal to or less than five percent of our net sales of ZTlido and SP-103 for a period of four or more consecutive quarters, or (b) the economic viability of ZTlido and SP-103 is affected significantly as evidenced by documentation and substantial information by any external circumstances deemed detrimental to all parties as agreed to by us, on the one hand, and Oishi and Itochu, on the other hand, and the parties are unable to resolve the concerns under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) after 30 days of good-faith discussion; and (3) in the event of our bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors. As of December 31, 2025, Scilex’s net profits for ZTlido and SP-103 have not exceeded five percent of net sales. Accordingly, Oishi and Itochu have the right to terminate the Product Development Agreement and Commercial Supply Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, neither Oishi nor Itochu has exercised its right of termination. If the Product Development Agreement is terminated for certain reasons, such as our material breach of the agreement, our bankruptcy, or lack of economic viability, we will be required to transfer all licensed intellectual property rights, including those relating to ZTlido and 82 SP-103, to Oishi and Itochu or their designee, at our own cost and expense. The loss of such licenses could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are party to the Romeg License Agreement for the in-licensing of certain intellectual property rights from Romeg with respect to the commercialization of GLOPERBA, and if we lose the right to license such intellectual property or if the Romeg License Agreement is terminated for any reason, our ability to commercialize GLOPERBA would be harmed. On June 14, 2022 (the “Original Signing Date”), we entered into the Romeg License Agreement for the in-licensing of certain intellectual property rights from Romeg with respect to the commercialization of GLOPERBA, which was amended by that First Amendment to License and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2025. Under the Romeg License Agreement, among other things, Romeg granted us (1) a license, with the right to sublicense, under the patents and know-how specified therein to (a) commercialize a pharmaceutical product comprising liquid formulations of colchicine for the prophylactic treatment of gout in adult humans (the “Initial Licensed Product”) in the United States (including its territories) (the “Romeg U.S. Territory”), (b) develop other products comprising the Initial Licensed Product as an active pharmaceutical ingredient (together with the Initial Licensed Product, the “Licensed Products”) and commercialize any such products in the Romeg U.S. Territory and (c) manufacture Licensed Products anywhere in the world, solely for commercialization in the Romeg U.S. Territory; (2) an exclusive license, with right to sublicense, to use the trademark “GLOPERBA” and logos, designs, translations, and modifications thereof (collectively, the “Licensed Trademark”) in connection with the commercialization of the Initial Licensed Product solely in the Romeg U.S. Territory; and (3) pursuant to the amendment thereto, a license, with the right to (a) sublicense under the know-how and, if any, patents existing worldwide other than the Romeg U.S. Territory (the “Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory”), as specified therein, to develop, manufacture and commercialize Licensed Products in the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory and (b) to use the Licensed Trademark in connection with the commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory. With respect to the foregoing clause (1), the license to know-how is exclusive for purposes of developing and commercializing Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory during the Romeg U.S. Territory Royalty Term, but is otherwise non-exclusive, and the license to patents is exclusive for purposes of developing and commercializing Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory until July 1, 2027 and, thereafter, is co-exclusive with Granules Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the royalty term for such purposes. The Romeg U.S. Territory begins on the Original Signing Date and ends on the later of (i) expiration of the last-to-expire of the patents that covers the manufacture or commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Romeg U.S. Territory or (ii) the tenth anniversary of the Original Signing Date. With respect to the foregoing clause (3), the license to know-how patents (if any) is exclusive during the Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory Royalty Term but is otherwise non-exclusive. The Romeg Ex-U.S. Territory Royalty Term begins on the date of the amendment agreement and ends on the tenth anniversary of such date. Our ability to commercialize GLOPERBA and develop Licensed Products depends on the effectiveness and continuation of the Romeg License Agreement. If we lose the right to license the intellectual property rights granted by the Romeg License Agreement, our ability to develop GLOPERBA as well as new product candidates based on the licensed intellectual property would be harmed. The Romeg License Agreement imposes various developments, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, payments and other obligations. Romeg has the right to terminate the Romeg License Agreement under certain circumstances, including, among other things: (a) in the event we are in material breach of the Romeg License Agreement, unless we have cured any such breach within 60 days after any notice thereof was provided; (b) upon notice to us, if we fail to timely pay any milestone payment, percentage royalties or minimum quarterly royalties or fail to timely deliver the requisite quarterly report, which termination will be effective 30 days after the date of such notice, unless we have made such payment in full or delivered such quarterly report within such 30 day period; (c) immediately, if we challenge the licensed patents under any court action or proceeding or before any patent office or assist any third party to conduct any of these activities; (d) by written notice to us if sales of the Licensed Products do not commence or continue within specified periods agreed to by the parties; or (e) in the event of our bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors. If the Romeg License Agreement is terminated for certain reasons, such as our material breach of the agreement, our bankruptcy, or our failure to timely pay milestone payments, we will be required upon Romeg’s request to transfer all licensed intellectual property rights, including those relating to GLOPERBA and the Licensed Products, to Romeg or its designee, within thirty days after the termination of the Romeg License Agreement at a price to be agreed upon by the parties. The loss of such licenses could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will successfully develop or commercialize the technology in-licensed pursuant to the Datavault License Agreement or the Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement. On November 3, 2025, we entered into a license agreement with Datavault (the “Datavault License Agreement”), pursuant to which Datavault granted us a worldwide, exclusive, non-transferable license, with the right to sublicense, under the patents and know-how specified therein to among other things, research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, export, register, market, promote, advertise, commercialize and distribute the Proprietary Materials (as defined in the Datavault License Agreement). We plan to use the technology under the Datavault License Agreement to develop a real-world-asset-tokenization (RWA) in the biotech 83 and pharmaceutical industry, on which our products and product candidates data will potentially be centralized and tokenized for monetization purposes. On December 20, 2025, Vivasor entered into a license agreement with Datavault (the “Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement”). Pursuant to the Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement, Datavault granted us a worldwide, exclusive, non-transferable license, with the right to sublicense, under certain patents and know-how to, among other things, research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, export, market, promote, commercialize and distribute products incorporating the licensed technology (the “Vivasor Licensed Product”) within a defined target market. There is no assurance that we will ever successfully tokenize our products or product candidates or that we will experience market reception for our products in development or increased market reception for our existing products or the acceptance of RWA pathway/technologies in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry, or that we will ever generate revenue from the Vivasor Licensed Products. To date, we have paid approximately $2.5 million for the Datavault license  and, as of December 31, 2025, the $20.0 million license fee under the Vivasor-Datavault License Agreement remains payable. We plan to devote resources to the development and commercialization of the real-world-asset-tokenization and of the Vivasor Licensed Products. Our efforts to develop and commercialize such technology and products may require significant resources and may never be successful. Potential disputes over intellectual property rights that we have licensed may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms. Licensing of intellectual property rights is of high importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property rights subject to a license agreement, including: • the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; • our financial or other obligations under the license agreement; • whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property rights of the licensor that are not subject to the licensing agreement; • our right to sublicense intellectual property rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; • our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and • the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. If disputes over intellectual property rights that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We may enter into additional licenses in the future and if we fail to comply with obligations under those agreements, we could suffer adverse consequences. Furthermore, if our licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical or competitive to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates, if approved. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we license prevent or impair our ability to maintain other licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to maintain patent protection for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. We rely upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret protection, and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States for GLOPERBA, in the United States and Canada for ELYXYB, and in the United States and other countries with respect to ZTlido and our product candidates. We seek to protect our proprietary position by filing and/or in-licensing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our development programs and product candidates. The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. The patents and patent applications that we own, or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that protect ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates in the United States or in other foreign countries. There is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which can prevent a patent from issuing 84 from a pending patent application, or be used to invalidate a patent. Even if patents do successfully issue and even if such patents cover ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product candidate under patent protection could be reduced. The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our potential future collaborators will be successful in protecting our product candidates by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: • the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“PTO”) and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process, the non-compliance with which can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, and partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction; • patent applications may not result in any patents being issued; • patents may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; • our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with or block our ability to make, use and sell our product candidates; • there may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; • countries other than the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing products; • other parties may have designed around our claims or developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our platform, may have filed or may file patent applications and may have received or may receive patents that overlap or conflict with our patent applications, either by claiming the same methods or devices or by claiming subject matter that could dominate our patent position; • any successful intellectual property challenge to any patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the practice of our technologies or the successful commercialization of any products or product candidates that we may develop; • because patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses; and • an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the PTO to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications for any application with an effective filing date before March 16, 2013. The patent prosecution process is also expensive and time-consuming, and we and our licensors may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or in all jurisdictions where protection may be commercially advantageous. It is also possible that we and our licensors will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. If the patent applications we hold or in-license with respect to our development programs and product candidates fail to issue, if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, it could dissuade other companies from collaborating with us to develop product candidates, and threaten our ability to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. Any such outcome could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes and brands for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. Presently we have intellectual property rights, through acquisitions and licenses from third parties, related to ZTlido, SP-103 and GLOPERBA. Because our programs for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, SP-103 and SP-104 may require the use of additional proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. In addition, our product candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently, and 85 these rights may be held by others. It may also be commercially advantageous to use trademarks held by others. We may be unable to acquire, or in-license proprietary rights related to any compositions, formulations, methods of use, processes or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as being necessary for our product candidates. Even if we are able to obtain a license to such proprietary rights, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. Where we obtain licenses from or collaborate with third parties, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent and trademark applications, or to maintain the patents covering technology that we license from third parties and associated trademark registrations, or such activities, if controlled by us, may require the input of such third parties. We may also require the cooperation of our licensors and collaborators to enforce any licensed patent rights, and such cooperation may not be provided. Therefore, these patents, trademarks and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which may affect the validity and enforceability of such patents and trademarks, or any patents and trademark registrations that may issue from such applications. Moreover, if we do obtain necessary licenses, we will likely have obligations under those licenses, including making royalty and milestone payments, and any failure to satisfy those obligations could give our licensor the right to terminate the license. Termination of a necessary license, or expiration of licensed patents or patent applications, or loss of trademark rights, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our business would suffer if any such licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents or trademarks against infringing third parties, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if any licenses terminate, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties may gain the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor’s rights. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of royalty obligations we would be required to pay on sales of future products, if any, the amounts may be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in products that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize products, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. The licensing and acquisition of third-party proprietary rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party proprietary rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. We may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified time frame or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the third-party may offer, on an exclusive basis, their proprietary rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us, either on reasonable terms, or at all. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment, or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to commercialize our products, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. We may become subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. We may be subject to claims that former employees (including former employees of our licensors), collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. The failure to name the proper inventors on a patent application can result in the patents issuing thereon being unenforceable. Inventorship disputes may arise from conflicting views regarding the contributions of different individuals named as inventors, the effects of foreign laws where foreign nationals are involved in the development of the subject matter of the patent, conflicting obligations of third parties involved in developing our product candidates or as a result of questions regarding co-ownership of potential joint inventions. Litigation may be necessary to resolve these and other claims challenging inventorship and/or ownership. Alternatively, or additionally, we may enter into agreements to clarify the scope of our rights in such intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Claims that we infringe, misappropriate, or violate the intellectual property rights of third parties may give rise to costly and lengthy litigation, and we could be prevented from selling products, forced to pay damages, and defend against litigation. Third parties may assert patent or other intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims against us or our strategic partners, licensors or licensees with respect to ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates. If ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB 86 or any of our product candidates, methods, processes and other technologies are alleged to infringe on or be improperly based on the proprietary rights of other parties, we could face adverse consequences. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. We cannot assure that any of our current or future product candidates will not infringe existing or future patents. We may not be aware of patents that have already issued that a third party might assert are infringed by one of our current or future product candidates. There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and may be confidential for 18 months or more after filing, there may be currently pending third-party patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates or our technologies may infringe, or which such third parties claim are infringed by the use of our technologies. Parties making claims against us for infringement or misappropriation of their intellectual property rights may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial expenses and could be a substantial diversion of our valuable management and employee resources from our business. If we collaborate with third parties in the development of technology in the future, our collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability. Further, collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability. In the future, we may agree to indemnify our commercial collaborators against certain intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time-consuming and could: • result in costly litigation; • divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; • cause development delays; • prevent us from commercializing our product candidates until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; • require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis; • require us to pay damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing, which may include treble damages if we are found to have been willfully infringing such intellectual property; • require us to pay the attorney’s fees and costs of litigation to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing; and/or • require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do either. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management’s time and attention in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may be required to seek a license, which may not be available, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patents in court. Patent litigation is costly and time-consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition, if we do not obtain a license, develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an infringement action successfully or have infringed patents declared invalid, we may incur substantial monetary damages, encounter significant delays in bringing our product candidates to market and be precluded from manufacturing or selling our product candidates. We cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology, because: • some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued; • patent applications in the United States and elsewhere can be pending for many years before issuance, or unintentionally abandoned patents or applications can be revived; • pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our product candidates or the use of our product candidates; 87 • identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims; • patent applications in the United States are typically not published until 18 months after the priority date; and • publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries. Furthermore, the scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent’s prosecution history and can involve other factors such as expert opinion. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of claims in a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our products. Further, we may incorrectly determine that our technologies, products, or product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party’s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or internationally that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our products or product candidates. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours, and others may have or obtain patents or proprietary rights that could limit our ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import our product candidates and future approved products or impair our competitive position. Numerous third-party U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications exist in the fields in which we are developing product candidates. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Any such patent application may have priority over our patent applications, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the PTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful if, unbeknownst to us, the other party had independently arrived at the same or similar invention prior to our own invention, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. Other countries have similar laws that permit secrecy of patent applications and may be entitled to priority over our applications in such jurisdictions. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. Even if we were to prevail, any litigation or administrative proceeding could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Furthermore, as a result of a patent infringement suit brought against us or our strategic partners or licensees, we or our strategic partners or licensees may be forced to stop or delay developing, manufacturing or selling technologies, product candidates or potential products that are claimed to infringe a third party’s intellectual property unless that party grants us or our strategic partners’ or licensees’ rights to use its intellectual property. Ultimately, we may be unable to develop some of our product candidates or may have to discontinue development of a product candidate or cease some of our business operations as a result of patent infringement claims, which could severely harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and key personnel. For example, on June 22, 2022, we filed a complaint against Aveva and Apotex in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida alleging infringement of certain Orange Book patents covering ZTlido. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “ Legal Proceedings ” for additional information regarding such proceedings. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. In any patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent’s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 88 Even if we establish infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. Because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we may conclude that even if a third party is infringing our issued patent, any patents that may be issued as a result of our pending or future patent applications or other intellectual property rights, the risk-adjusted cost of bringing and enforcing such a claim or action may be too high or not in the best interest of our company or our stockholders. In such cases, we may decide that the more prudent course of action is to simply monitor the situation or initiate or seek some other non-litigious action or solution. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our intellectual property rights are invalidated or circumvented, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development and capital as well as other expenditures required to bring new product candidates to the market and for commercialization. Intellectual property protection varies throughout the world and is subject to change over time. In the United States, for small molecule drug products, such as ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, the Hatch-Waxman Act provides generic companies powerful incentives to seek to invalidate our pharmaceutical patents. As a result, we expect that our U.S. patents on major pharmaceutical products will be routinely challenged, and there can be no assurance that our patents will be upheld. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a distraction to management and other employees. We face generic manufacturer challenges to our patents outside the United States as well. In addition, competitors or other third parties may claim that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them. If successful, such claims could result in our being unable to market a product in a particular territory, or being required to pay damages for past infringement or royalties on future sales. If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have registered trademarks with the PTO for the mark “ZTlido,” “SCILEX,” “ELYXYB,” and “RESPONSIBLE BY DESIGN,” and we have filed trademark applications for the marks “SEMNUR PHARMACEUTICALS,” “SCILEX BIO,” and “SEMDEXA” in the United States. We also have trademark registrations for ZTlido in the UK and Greece, and we have a pending trademark application for ZTlido in China. In China, we were involved in an ongoing dispute regarding third-party trademarks for ZTlido filed in the name of 秦皇島恆駿商貿有限公司 (Qinhuangdao Hengjun Trading Co., Ltd.). The China National Intellectual Property Administration issued a decision in our favor in February 2025, which has now become final. Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, diluted, tarnished, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement, dilution or tarnishment claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Changes in patent laws or patent jurisprudence could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 89 As is the case with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries involve both technological and legal complexity. Therefore, obtaining and enforcing biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the America Invents Act (the “AIA”), which was passed in September 2011, resulted in significant changes to the U.S. patent system. An important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned from a “first-to-invent” to a “first-to-file” system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. Under a “first-to-file” system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. A third party that files a patent application in the PTO after that date but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we made the invention before it was made by the third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application and diligent in filing patent applications, but circumstances could prevent us from promptly filing patent applications on our inventions. Among some of the other changes introduced by the AIA are changes that limit where a patentee may file a patent infringement suit and providing opportunities for third parties to challenge any issued patent in the PTO. This applies to all of our U.S. patents, even those issued before March 16, 2013. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in PTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in U.S. federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a PTO proceeding sufficient for the PTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the PTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. It is not clear what, if any, impact the AIA will have on the operation of our business. However, the AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our or our licensors’ patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors’ issued patents. We may become involved in opposition, interference, derivation, inter partes review, post-grant review, or other proceedings challenging our or our licensors’ patent rights, and the outcome of any proceedings are highly uncertain. An adverse determination in any such proceeding could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our owned or in-licensed patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations, and there are other open questions under patent law that courts have yet to decisively address. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by Congress, the federal courts and the PTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways and could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. Any waiver of our patent or other intellectual property protection by the U.S. and other foreign governments could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, recent decisions raise questions regarding the award of PTA for patents in families where related patents have issued without PTA. Thus, it cannot be said with certainty how PTA will or will not be viewed in the future and whether patent expiration dates may be impacted. In addition, the European patent system is relatively stringent in the type of amendments that are allowed during prosecution, but, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws has also increased in recent years. For example, in Europe, a new unitary patent system took effect June 1, 2023, which will significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system, European applications have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unitary Patent Court (“UPC”). As the UPC is a relatively new court system, there is little precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. Complying with these laws and regulations could limit our ability to obtain new patents in the future that may be important for our business. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. The PTO and various foreign patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions to maintain patent applications and issued patents. For example, periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the PTO and other foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The PTO and various foreign 90 national or international patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of patent rights include, but are not limited to, failure to timely file national and regional stage patent applications based on our international patent application, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we or any of our licensors fail to maintain the patents or patent applications covering ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, our competitors may be able to enter the market, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Confidentiality agreements with employees may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which could limit our ability to compete. To help protect our proprietary know-how and our inventions for which patents may be unobtainable or difficult to obtain, or prior to seeking patent protection, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. To this end, we require all our employees to enter into agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information and, where applicable, require disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions important to our business. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information. We also typically obtain agreements from these parties that provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, current or former employees may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information to competitors, and confidentiality agreements may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. For example, on March 12, 2021, we filed the Former Employee Action, as described under the section titled “ Legal Proceedings ” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our competitive position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Enforcing a claim that a third party obtained illegally, and is using, trade secrets and/or confidential know-how is expensive, time-consuming and unpredictable, and the enforceability of confidentiality agreements may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information is disclosed, the value of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired and our business and competitive position would suffer. Moreover, our third-party licensing partners may retain rights in some of our proprietary or joint trade secrets, know-how, patented inventions or other proprietary information, including rights to sublicense and rights of publication, which may adversely impact our ability to obtain patents and protect trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. We may be subject to claims asserting that our employees, consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. Certain of our employees, consultants or advisors are currently, or were previously, employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors, as well as our academic partners. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these individuals or we have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual’s current or former employer. We may also be subject to claims that patents and applications that we may file to protect inventions of our employees or consultants are rightfully owned by their former employers or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. An inability to incorporate such technologies or features would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may prevent us from successfully commercializing ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved. Moreover, any such litigation or the threat of such litigation may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent contractors. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Moreover, even when we obtain agreements assigning intellectual property to us, the assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing or 91 the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. In addition, individuals executing agreements with us may have preexisting or competing obligations to a third party. Our position as a relatively small company may cause us to be at a significant disadvantage in defending our intellectual property rights and in defending against infringement claims by third parties. Litigation relating to the ownership and use of intellectual property is expensive, and our position as a relatively small company in an industry dominated by very large companies may cause us to be at a significant disadvantage in defending our intellectual property rights and in defending against claims that ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or any of our product candidates infringes or misappropriates third-party intellectual property rights. However, we may seek to use various post-grant administrative proceedings, including procedures created under the AIA, to invalidate potentially overly broad third-party rights. Even if we can defend our position, the cost of doing so may adversely affect our ability to grow, generate revenue or become profitable. In the course of the ongoing litigation or any future additional litigation to which we may be subject, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property at a reasonable cost, or at all. The outcome of litigation is always uncertain, and in some cases could include judgments against us that require us to pay damages, enjoin us from certain activities or otherwise affect our legal, contractual or intellectual property rights, which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our drug discovery and development efforts. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including PTO administrative proceedings, such as inter partes reviews, post-grant reviews, and reexamination proceedings before the PTO or oppositions and revocations and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that the development and/or commercialization of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Despite safe harbor provisions for products prior to commercial launch, third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents, of which we are currently unaware, with claims to materials, formulations, methods of doing research, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending unpublished patent applications which may later result in issued patents that ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that the use of our technologies infringes these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or any of our product candidates, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate unless we obtain a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidate unless we obtain a license, limit our uses, or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA and ELYXYB, or develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. For example, Takeda filed the GLOPERBA Patent Litigation against us and Scilex Pharma on November 6, 2023, alleging that our filing with the FDA of an application for approval of a proposed revision to the product label for our GLOPERBA product infringed the Colcrys Patents. Takeda sought an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of our labeling revision be no earlier than the expiration date of the Colcrys Patents, and such further and other relief as the court may deem appropriate. On March 7, 2024, we entered into a Settlement Agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) with Takeda to resolve the action and entered into a license agreement with Takeda pursuant to which Takeda granted a non-exclusive license to us and our affiliates of certain patents owned by Takeda. The Settlement Agreement was subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice, neither of which objected during the review period. After the expiration of the review period, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware entered a final consent judgment on May 3, 2024. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “ Legal Proceedings ” for additional information regarding such proceedings. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses 92 from third parties, cease marketing ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB, or developing our product candidates, limit our uses, pay royalties or redesign our infringing product candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB or our product candidates, if approved. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA or ELYXYB, or develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any of our product candidates we are developing or may develop, our business may be materially harmed. Depending upon the timing, duration and conditions of any FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, and similar legislation in the European Union. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. Only one patent per approved product can be extended; the extension cannot extend the total patent term beyond 14 years from approval; and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we can enforce our patent rights for the applicable product candidate will be shortened, and our competitors may obtain approval to market competing products sooner. As a result, our revenue from applicable products could be reduced. Further, if this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, in addition to our employees, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of our product candidates. Many of these consultants, and many of our employees, were previously employed at, or may have previously provided or may be currently providing consulting services to, other pharmaceutical companies including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that we, our employees or a consultant inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to their former employers or their former or current clients. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely affect our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management team and other employees. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. The requirements for patentability and patent enforcement differ in many countries. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and all of our product candidates throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement in some countries is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates, if approved, in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions could significantly devalue our Ukrainian and Russian patent applications. Russian decrees may significantly limit our ability to enforce Russian patents. We cannot predict when or how this situation will change. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents 93 and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceuticals and methods of treatment of the human body, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. Furthermore, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents and limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors, and inventions agreements with employees, consultants and advisors, to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Despite these efforts, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. For example, in 2010, the FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, recommended steps that the FDA could take to increase transparency, including with respect to making additional information publicly available on a routine basis, which may include information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time how the FDA’s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. In addition, such security measures may not provide adequate protection for our proprietary information, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee, consultant, customer or third party with authorized access. Our security measures may not prevent an employee, consultant or customer from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and any recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider proprietary. Competitors and other third parties could attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, willfully infringe our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside of our intellectual property rights. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, trade secrets will over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic to industry scientific positions. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. If any of these events occur or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets, the value of this information may be greatly reduced, and our competitive position would be harmed. If we do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information may be jeopardized. Our reliance on third parties may require us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. Because we rely on third parties to help manufacture and supply our products and product candidates, and we expect to collaborate with third parties on the continuing development of future product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We also expect to conduct research and development programs that may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our partnerships or 94 agreements with CROs, research institutions and/or investigators. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into agreements containing confidentiality and use restrictions and obligations, including, material transfer agreements, consulting agreements, confidentiality agreements or other similar agreements with our advisors, contractors, service providers and consultants prior to disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements with third parties, independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Intellectual property rights and regulatory exclusivity rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, competitors may be able to use our product candidates and proprietary technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example: • Others may be able to make products that are similar to ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; • We or our licensors or strategic partners might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed; • We or our licensors or strategic partners might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; • Others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; • Our pending patent applications may not lead to issued patents; • Issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantage, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; • Our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; • We may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and • The patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope or requests for PTA. If we or our partners, collaborators, licensees or licensors, whether current or future, fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our partners, collaborators, licensees or licensors are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. If there are material defects in the form, preparation, prosecution or enforcement of our patents or patent applications, such patents may be invalid and/or unenforceable, and such applications may never result in valid, enforceable patents. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been and will continue to be the subject of litigation and new legislation. Publications in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our own patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result of these and other factors, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly 95 uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. If these changes were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue. For example, recent decisions raise questions regarding the award of PTA for patents in families where related patents have issued without PTA. Thus, it cannot be said with certainty how PTA will/will not be viewed in the future and whether patent expiration dates may be impacted. Similarly, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have also increased in recent years. In Europe, a new unitary patent system took effect on June 1, 2023, which will significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system, European applications have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the UPC. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the PTO or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. The costs of defending our patents or enforcing our proprietary rights in post-issuance administrative proceedings and litigation can be substantial and the outcome can be uncertain. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and potentially licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates. Generally, patents are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed non-provisional filing date. In certain instances, patent terms can be adjusted and increased to recapture a portion of delay incurred by the PTO in examining the patent application. The scope of patent protection may also be limited. Without patent protection for our current or future product candidates, we may be open to competition from generic versions of such products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Risks Related to Government Regulations The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be substantially harmed. Moreover, gaining approval for a product candidate in one country or jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain approval for or commercialize it in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize our full market potential. The time required to obtain marketing approval from the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities for a product candidate is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate’s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. For example, following our March 2022 announcement of the final results from our Phase 3 trial for SEMDEXA, we believed that we had sufficient data to support the safety and efficacy of SEMDEXA, which would provide us with a pathway for a 505(b)(2) NDA submission. In November 2023, we had a Type C meeting with the FDA to discuss the requirements for filing a 505(b)(2) NDA for SEMDEXA. In the Type C meeting, the FDA indicated that it did not agree that the clinical data collected from the single Phase 3 CLEAR-1 trial was sufficient to support the safety and efficacy of SEMDEXA, given the risks associated with interventional procedures. The FDA requested that a confirmatory trial be conducted, noting the absence of any existing FDA-approved epidural steroid product for the treatment of sciatica. The FDA provided guidance regarding expectations for this 96 additional trial needed prior to a 505(b)(2) NDA filing, including expectations for the size of the safety database and specific safety monitoring requirements. Specifically, the FDA requested that the confirmatory Phase 3 CLEAR-2 trial include a larger safety database to further validate the safety and efficacy of SEMDEXA.  In February 2024, we had a Type D meeting with the FDA to preview the newly designed trial with the FDA, in order to reduce the potential need for any other additional confirmatory trials prior to a 505(b)(2) NDA filing. During the Type D meeting, the FDA provided further guidance with respect to the requirements needed to help best position us to be able to satisfy the requirements for a 505(b)(2) pathway approval. Our future success depends on our ability to develop, receive regulatory approval for, and introduce new products or product enhancements that will be accepted by the market in a timely manner. The FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including: • it may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; • we may be unable to demonstrate to such authorities’ satisfaction that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; • negative or ambiguous results from our clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required for approval by the FDA; • it may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • it may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States, and such authorities may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; • it may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications of our product candidates; • such authorities may decline to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and • the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our product candidates, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. We have limited experience submitting applications for marketing authorization to the FDA, and we cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if our clinical trials are successful. There remains substantial uncertainty as to how, if at all, the current U.S. administration will seek or continue to modify or revise the requirements and policies of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over our product candidates. State governments may also attempt to address or react to changes at the federal level with changes to their own regulatory frameworks in a manner that is adverse to our operations. This uncertainty could present new challenges or potential opportunities as we navigate the clinical development and approval process for our product candidates. Furthermore, the U.S. Supreme Court’s June 2024 decision in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, which overturned the long-standing Chevron doctrine that required courts to give deference to regulatory agencies’ reasonable interpretations of ambiguous federal statutes, could result in additional legal challenges to regulations and guidance issued by federal agencies, including the FDA, on which we rely. The Loper decision may result in increased regulatory uncertainty, inconsistent judicial interpretations and other impacts to the agency rule-making process, any of which could adversely impact our business and operations. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action or as a result of legal challenges, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our business could be materially harmed. Moreover, in order to market any products in any particular jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval of a product candidate by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in any other country or jurisdiction outside the United States. In addition, the clinical trials conducted in one country, and the data generated therefrom, may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation, as well as additional administrative review periods. If we do not 97 receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be substantially harmed. If the FDA does not conclude that certain of our product candidates satisfy the requirements for the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or if the requirements for such product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway for those product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and entail significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in either case may not be successful. For our product candidates SEMDEXA, SP-103 and SP-104, we may seek FDA approval through the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. The Hatch-Waxman Act added Section 505(b)(2) to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the “FDCA”). Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from trials that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Section 505(b)(2) allows an NDA we submit to the FDA to rely in part on data in the public domain or the FDA’s prior conclusions regarding the safety and effectiveness of approved compounds, which could expedite the development program for our product candidates by potentially decreasing the amount of data that we would need to generate in order to obtain FDA approval. If the FDA does not agree that the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway is acceptable as we anticipated, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. Even if FDA accepts our plan to pursue the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, we cannot assure that our product candidates will receive the requisite approvals for commercialization. In addition, the pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and Section 505(b)(2) NDAs are subject to special requirements designed to protect the patent and market exclusivity rights of sponsors of previously approved drugs that are referenced in a Section 505(b)(2) NDA. These requirements may give rise to patent litigation against us and mandatory delays in approval of our NDAs for up to 30 months or longer depending on the outcome of any litigation. Further, a manufacturer of an approved product may file a citizen petition with the FDA seeking to delay approval of, or impose additional approval requirements for, pending competing products. FDA imposes strict requirements on such petitions in part to dissuade companies from improperly using these petitions to delay approval of competing drug products. Nonetheless, if successful, such petitions can significantly delay, or even prevent, the approval of the new product. However, even if the FDA ultimately denies such a petition, the FDA may delay approval while it considers and responds to the petition. In addition, even if we are able to utilize the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, there is no guarantee this would ultimately lead to accelerated product development or earlier approval. Any approved product candidate will be subject to ongoing and continued regulatory requirements, which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize such products. Even after a product is approved, we will remain subject to ongoing FDA and other regulatory requirements governing the manufacturing, testing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, import, export, record-keeping and reporting of safety and other post-market information. The holder of an approved NDA is obligated to monitor and report adverse events and, among other things, any failure of a distributed product to meet the specifications in the NDA. The holder of an approved NDA must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. In addition, the FDA may impose significant restrictions on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed. Other requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing, product tracking and tracing, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. The future discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated type, severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: • investigation or additional study obligations; • communications to prescribers or patients about specific information or issues; • restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; • refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; • product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 98 The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenue and could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. We may not be able to regain compliance, or we may only be able to regain compliance after a lengthy delay, significant expense, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. The FDA’s and other regulatory authorities’ policies may change, and additional laws or government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and achieve or sustain profitability. Changes in law or government regulations may also alter the competitive landscape, potentially to our disadvantage. Certain manufacturers in the market in which we compete distribute certain products without completing the FDA approval process. For example, we believe certain lidocaine topical patches, plaster or poultice products marketed OTC and without FDA approval, require approval and compete inappropriately with ZTlido. In December 2018, we filed a citizen’s petition asking the FDA to clarify its requirements and take enforcement action against such products. Furthermore, we believe the labeling and marketing of certain OTC lidocaine patches products are false and deceptive, which could cause significant damages to our business and a diminution of goodwill in our intellectual property. In addition, on March 7, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was signed into law, which included statutory provisions reforming FDA’s mechanisms for regulating OTC drugs. Under the CARES Act, the FDA considers a drug to be generally recognized as safe and effective (“GRASE”) if it meets certain requirements, including items such as the active ingredient, indication for use, dosage, route of administration, and labeling set forth in the OTC monograph and related rulemakings. Historically, the FDA was required to establish, revise, and amend an OTC monograph by notice-and-comment rulemaking, which was lengthy and resource-intensive. The CARES Act replaces the rulemaking process with a final administrative order process. Administrative orders may be initiated by the FDA or at the request of a drug manufacturer or any other person. After a period for public comment on the administrative order, the FDA is able to issue a final administrative order, rather than a regulation, permitting the drug to be marketed over the counter. In 2023, the FDA posted a final administrative order for external analgesic drug products for OTC human use. As this process is much more streamlined and less burdensome, this may benefit the manufacturers of lidocaine topical patches to obtain GRASE status from the FDA and thereby legally market these products over-the-counter and compete with ZTlido. The FDA ultimately denied our citizen’s petition in light of the new administrative order process under the CARES Act for considering OTC drug products. In February 2021, we filed a complaint against Sanofi and Hisamitsu, certain manufacturers of OTC lidocaine patches, to seek an award of damages and the entry of injunctive relief enjoining further dissemination of false and deceptive advertisement concerning claims about their lidocaine patches. On January 26 and February 2, 2024, Scilex Pharma entered into two separate settlement agreements and mutual releases with the two manufacturers that resolve the Action. The terms of those agreements are confidential. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. For example, certain policies of the current U.S. administration may impact our business and industry. Namely, recent U.S. administrations have taken several executive actions, including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders, that could impose significant burdens on, or otherwise materially delay, the FDA’s ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. It is difficult to predict how these executive actions, including the Executive Orders, will be implemented, and the extent to which they will impact the FDA’s ability to exercise its regulatory authority. If these executive actions impose constraints on FDA’s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected. In addition, three decisions from the U.S. Supreme Court in June and July 2024 may lead to an increase in litigation against regulatory agencies that could create uncertainty and thus negatively impact our business. The first decision overturned established precedent that required courts to defer to regulatory agencies’ interpretations of ambiguous statutory language. The second decision overturned a regulatory agency’s ability to impose civil penalties in administrative proceedings. The third decision extended the statute of limitations within which entities may challenge agency actions. These cases may result in increased litigation by industry against regulatory agencies and impact how such agencies choose to pursue enforcement and compliance actions. However, the specific, lasting effects of these decisions, which may vary within different judicial districts and circuits, is unknown. We also cannot predict the extent to which FDA and other agency regulations, policies, and decisions may become subject to increasing legal challenges, delays and changes. A fast-track product designation or other designation to facilitate product candidate development may not lead to faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 99 A product sponsor may apply for fast-track designation from the FDA if a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need for this condition. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation. We have received fast track designation for SEMDEXA for the treatment of sciatica and SP-103 for the treatment of chronic neck pain. Even though SEMDEXA and SP-103 have received fast track designation, we may not experience a faster process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. A fast-track designation does not expedite clinical trials or mean that regulatory requirements are less stringent or provide assurance of ultimate marketing approval by the FDA. Instead, fast track designation provides opportunities for frequent interactions with FDA review staff, as well as eligibility for priority review, if relevant criteria are met, and rolling review of individual sections of an NDA submitted to the FDA as they become finalized. The FDA may rescind the fast-track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. The FDA may also withdraw any fast-track designation at any time. Changes in funding for the FDA could hinder its ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel or otherwise prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products and conduct other regulatory activities can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other regulatory authorities may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, over the last several years, including for 43 days beginning on October 1, 2025, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA temporarily postponed routine surveillance inspections of manufacturing facilities in 2020. Additionally, the current administration announced plans to reduce the number of federal employees by establishing voluntary termination programs, by position eliminations or by involuntary terminations.  For example, on October 10, 2025, the U.S. government implemented substantial layoffs and workforce reductions in connection with the federal government shutdown, which resulted in the suspension or delay of various government-funded programs.  If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, if funding for the FDA or other federal agencies (including their workforce) is reduced or if future global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions and civil or criminal penalties, private litigation or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. We and our collaborators are subject to federal, state and foreign data protection laws and regulations. In the United States, such laws may include, but are not limited to, U.S. state personal data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, including Section 5 of the FTC Act, each of which govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. Although we are not subject to HIPAA, as we are neither a Covered Entity nor Business Associate (as such terms are defined in HIPAA), we may have access to very sensitive data regarding patients who participate in, or whose tissue samples or other biospecimens are used in, our clinical trials. The maintenance of this data imposes upon us administrative and financial burdens and litigation risks. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties, including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data that are subject to HIPAA and other privacy, data security and consumer protection laws. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly receive individually identifiable health information maintained by a Covered Entity in a manner that is not authorized by HIPAA, and we may be subject to other civil and/or criminal penalties if we obtain, use, or disclose information in a manner not permitted by other privacy and data security and consumer protection laws. Our ability to use or disclose information may be limited by the scope of an authorization signed by clinical trial subjects or the terms of the contract that we enter into with providers or other data sources. Furthermore, U.S. state laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security and consumer protection are constantly evolving. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, the “CCPA”) created new individual privacy rights for California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their data, the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information (including health information). The CCPA places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling certain personal data of California residents or households, limits data use and mandates audit requirements for 100 higher risk data. The CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data and some other health data under the CCPA, as currently written, the CCPA may impact our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and PHI. The CCPA is enforced by the California Privacy Protection Agency, a data protection authority, which has the power to issue substantive regulations resulting in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Several other states have implemented similar consumer privacy laws that took effect in the past year or will take effect in the near future and states have implemented or are considering laws that specifically focus on the processing of personal data related to individuals’ health, including California’s Confidentiality of Medical Information Act and Washington’s My Health My Data Act. In addition, all 50 U.S. states and territories and international jurisdictions have varying breach notification laws that may require us to notify patients, employees or regulators in the event of unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal or confidential data experienced by us or our service providers. We also may be contractually required to notify patients or other counterparties of a security breach. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. The state privacy laws vary from each other in many ways, which may complicate compliance efforts. The effects on our business of the state privacy laws and general consumer protection authorities are potentially significant, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to so comply. Privacy laws and regulations are constantly evolving and there are a number of legislative proposals at both the state and federal levels that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas affecting our business. The FTC also sets expectations for failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers’ personal information secure, or failing to provide a level of security commensurate to promises made to individuals about the security of their personal information (such as in a privacy notice) may constitute unfair or deceptive acts or practices in violation of Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. While we do not intend to engage in unfair or deceptive acts or practices, the FTC has the power to enforce promises as it interprets them, and events that we cannot fully control, such as data breaches, may result in FTC enforcement. Enforcement by the FTC under the FTC Act can result in civil penalties or enforcement actions. Additionally, the FTC’s Health Breach Notification Rule that clarified applies to health apps and other similar technologies and includes breach notification requirements, which adds complexity to compliance obligations. Further, the SEC implemented rules around incident reporting, requiring cybersecurity incidents to be reported 4 business days after determining that an incident is material. The U.S. Department of Justice issued a final rule entitled, “Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons,” codified at 28 CFR part 202 (the “Bulk Transfer Rule”). The Bulk Transfer Rule prohibits and restricts bulk transfers of sensitive personal data (including genetic and health data) to countries of concern, such as China, Russia, and Iran to prevent access by foreign adversaries. It restricts our ability to engage in certain cross-border transactions involving genomic or biological samples and related data, which may increase compliance costs, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, and may require additional contractual negotiations, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. International data protection laws, including the EU’s and UK’s GDPR, may also apply to health-related and other personal information obtained outside of the United States. The GDPR imposes several data protection requirements in the EU, as well as fines for violations that can reach up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of annual global revenue. The regulation imposes numerous requirements for the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information, including more stringent requirements relating to consent and the information that must be shared with data subjects about how their personal information is used, the obligation to notify regulators and affected individuals of personal data breaches, extensive new internal privacy governance obligations and obligations to honor expanded rights of individuals in relation to their personal information, including the right to access, correct and delete their data.  Such requirements may be subject to change in the near future as the European Commission announced proposed amendments to the GDPR in November 2025. In addition, on June 19, 2025, the UK’s Data (Use and Access) Act 2025, or the DUAA, was granted Royal Assent, implementing various measures concerning data usage in the UK and reforming data protection laws. The provisions within the DUAA will come into force through 2026, and it remains too soon to tell how the DUAA will be implemented and what impact it will have on our international activities. Further, other EU and member state laws and regulations may impose further obligations or restrictions on processing health information in the EEA, such as the European Health Data Space Regulation. Certain jurisdictions, including the EEA, have enacted laws and regulations governing cross-border personal information transfer and providing for data localization in certain cases. For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the GDPR and laws in Switzerland and the UK generally restrict the transfer of personal information to countries outside the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, such as the United States. Such safeguards include the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK and Swiss Data Protection Authorities as well as the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If we are unable to implement a valid solution to transfer personal data from the EEA to the United States or other countries that have not been deemed to provide an essentially equivalent level of data protection, we may face increased exposure to regulatory action, substantial fines, or injunction orders to stop processing personal data from EEA, Swiss, or UK residents. Any inability to import personal data to the United States may also restrict our clinical trials activities in the EU; limit our ability to collaborate with contract research organizations as well as other service providers, contractors and other companies subject to EU data privacy and security laws; and require us to increase our data processing 101 capabilities in the EU and the UK at a significant expense. Additionally, other countries outside of the EU have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and operating our business. The types of challenges we face in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK will likely also arise in other jurisdictions that adopt laws similar to the GDPR or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity. Compliance with international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, increase our compliance costs, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all applicable international regulations as they are enforced now or as they evolve. Claims that we have violated individual privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business may be impacted by actions of the current U.S. administration, including executive orders, policies, new legislation and judicial decisions. Actions of the current U.S. administration may cause us to change our business operations, with an unknown impact to our stakeholders, including patients, healthcare providers and employees. Failure to comply with new administration actions could expose us to litigation or other government actions. There can be no assurance that our compliance with new administration actions will provide sufficient mitigation. Our business involves the use of hazardous materials and we and third parties with whom we contract must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business. Our research and development activities involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials, including the components of our product candidates and other hazardous compounds. We and manufacturers and suppliers with whom we may contract are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. In some cases, these hazardous materials and various wastes resulting from their use are stored at our manufacturers’ facilities pending their use and disposal. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. We cannot guarantee that the safety procedures utilized by third-party manufacturers and suppliers with whom we may contract will comply with the standards prescribed by laws and regulations or will eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. We may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk of fraud, illegal activity or other misconduct by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by employees could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to comply with the laws and regulations of the FDA, EU Member States, EMA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, EMA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with federal and state health-care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, comply with laws and regulations, including, but not limited to the FCPA and internal policies restricting payments to government agencies and representatives, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission or contracting, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Misconduct by employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in 102 protecting us from governmental investigations, FDA debarment, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency and disclosure, or sunshine, laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, clinical sites and clinical investigators, consultants, customers, patient organizations and third-party payors may subject us to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act. These laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with clinical study investigators and research subjects, as well as our current and future sales, marketing, patient assistance or advocacy and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to physician payment transparency laws and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: • the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging for an item or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs — a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or special intent to violate the statute in order to have committed a violation; in addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act; • federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of government funds, or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The False Claims Act has been used to assert liability on the basis of kickbacks and other improper referrals, improperly reported government pricing metrics such as Best Price or Average Manufacturer Price, and improper promotion of off-label uses (i.e., uses not expressly approved by the FDA in a drug’s label); • the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), teaching hospitals and, beginning in 2022, certain other healthcare professionals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members; • federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; • the FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; • federal government price reporting laws, which require drug manufacturers to calculate and report complex pricing metrics to government agencies, including CMS and Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”), referred to as Government Program Statutory Price Reporting, where such reported prices are used in the calculation of reimbursement and/or discounts on marketed products paid by government healthcare programs. Participation in these programs and compliance with the applicable requirements may result in potentially significant discounts on products subject to reimbursement under federal healthcare programs and increased infrastructure costs, and may potentially limit a drug manufacturer’s ability to offer certain marketplace discounts. Additionally, if it is determined by the government, which could include a government agency such as CMS, Health Resources and Services Administration (“HRSA”), the VA, or by the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) or Department of Justice (“DOJ”), that the Statutory Price Reporting was incorrect, causing the government to essentially pay more than they should through the reimbursement and/or discount, the manufacturer may be subject to significant False Claims Act investigations, civil monetary penalties and/or additional fines; • the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, which restricts the manner in which manufacturers may disseminate complimentary drug samples to healthcare practitioners, requires physical and accounting controls, and establishes penalties for improper sample distribution; and • state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as licensing, anti-kickback, false claims, consumer protection and unfair competition laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government that 103 otherwise restricts payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to file reports with states regarding pricing information and marketing expenditures, such as the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensations and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. In addition, our current and future research and development of our product candidates outside the United States, and any future sales of our product or product candidates once commercialized outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Efforts to ensure that our business practices and arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to, without limitation, civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. If we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, or our product candidates, if approved, or if we are found to have improperly engaged in pre-approval promotion prior to the approval of such product candidates, we may become subject to significant liability. Such enforcement has become more common in the industry. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, and our product candidates, if approved. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product’s approved labeling. Physicians may use our products, and our product candidates if they receive marketing approval, for their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved labels, if the physicians believe in their professional medical judgment they could be used in such manner. However, if we are found to have promoted any of our products for any off-label uses, the federal government could levy civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, and seek fines against us. The FDA, Department of Justice or other regulatory authorities could also request that we enter into a consent decree or a corporate integrity agreement or corporate monitorship, or seek a permanent injunction against us under which specified promotional conduct is monitored, changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB, or our product candidates, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Healthcare reform measures could hinder or prevent our product candidates’ commercial success. There have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to health care systems in the United States and abroad that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. The United States government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare reform. For example, in 2010, the ACA was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers in the United States. Healthcare reform measures like the ACA may adversely impact the pricing of healthcare products and services in the United States or internationally and the amount of reimbursement available from governmental agencies or other third-party payors. Since its enactment, there have been ongoing efforts to modify the ACA and its implementing regulations. For example, tax legislation enacted at the end of 2017 included provisions that, effective January 1, 2019, eliminated the tax penalty for individuals who do not maintain sufficient health insurance coverage, or the so-called “individual mandate.” It is unclear how healthcare reform measures enacted by Congress or implemented by the current administration or efforts, if any, to modify the ACA or its implementing regulations, 104 or portions thereof, will impact our business. Litigation and legislation over the ACA and other healthcare reform measures are likely to continue, with unpredictable and uncertain results. Further, additional legislative changes to and regulatory changes under or related to the ACA remain possible. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, led to aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of, on average, 2% per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect into 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020, through May 31, 2022, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The law provides for 1% Medicare sequestration in the second quarter of 2022 and allows the full 2% sequestration thereafter into 2032. To offset the temporary suspension during the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2030, the sequestration will be 2.25% for the first half of the year, and 3% in the second half of the year. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. presidential executive orders, U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under government payor programs, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, as addressed further in the risk factor below titled “ If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs applicable to our product or product candidates, if approved, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects . Furthermore, recently enacted legislation, future legislation and other healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval for and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set.” While any proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, Congress and recent presidential administrations have each indicated an intent to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted or implemented in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal health care programs and commercial payers will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved, or additional pricing pressures. Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally-mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third-party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. These or other reforms could reduce the ultimate demand for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB and our product candidates, if approved, or put pressure on our product pricing. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, ZTlido, GLOPERBA and/or ELYXYB may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs applicable to our product or product candidates, if approved, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  Furthermore, recently enacted legislation, future legislation and other healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval for and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs, are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by manufacturers, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts. Such interpretation can change and evolve over time. In the case of Medicaid pricing data, if a manufacturer becomes aware that its reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect, or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, the manufacturer is obligated to resubmit the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due. 105 Such restatements and recalculations increase costs for complying with the laws and regulations governing the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and could result in an overage or underage in rebate liability for past quarters. Price recalculations also may affect the ceiling price at which a manufacturer is required to offer its products under the 340B program. A failure to comply with reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program and other governmental programs could negatively affect financial results. CMS issued a final regulation, which became effective on April 1, 2016, to implement the changes under the ACA to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The final regulation has increased and will continue to increase costs and the complexity of compliance, has been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, particularly if CMS challenges the approach a manufacturer has taken in the implementation of the final regulation. Other regulations and coverage expansion by various governmental agencies relating to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program may have a similar impact. In addition, potential policy changes by the current administration may introduce additional uncertainty for our business, including changes to the level of scrutiny applied by the Health Resources and Services Administration (“HRSA”) to enforce non-compliance with the 340B program, new price restrictions on products we sell to Medicaid, Medicare or other government purchasers, or other regulatory changes impacting reimbursement or competitive dynamics in multisource markets. Any such policy shifts could significantly impact our business and operations. Manufacturers have obligations to report the average sales price for certain of drugs to the Medicare program as a part of the agreement to participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program. For calendar quarters beginning January 1, 2022, manufacturers are required to report the average sales price for certain drugs under the Medicare program regardless of whether they participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program. Statutory or regulatory changes or CMS guidance could affect the average sales price calculations for products and the resulting Medicare payment rate, and could negatively affect results of operations. Starting in 2023, manufacturers must pay refunds to Medicare for single source drugs or biologics, or biosimilar biological products, reimbursed under Medicare Part B and packaged in single-dose containers or single-use packages, for units of discarded drug reimbursed by Medicare Part B in excess of 10% of total allowed charges under Medicare Part B for that drug. Manufacturers that fail to pay refunds could be subject to civil monetary penalties of 125% of the refund amount. Congress further could enact a Medicare Part B inflation rebate, under which manufacturers would owe additional rebates if the average sales price of a drug were to increase faster than the pace of inflation. HRSA issued a final regulation regarding the calculation of the 340B ceiling price and the imposition of civil monetary penalties on manufacturers that knowingly and intentionally overcharge covered entities, which became effective on January 1, 2019. Implementation of this regulation has affected manufacturer obligations and potential liability under the 340B program. Manufacturers are also required to report the 340B ceiling prices for covered outpatient drugs to HRSA, which then publishes them to 340B covered entities. Any charge by HRSA that a manufacturer has violated the requirements of the program or the regulation could negatively affect financial results. Moreover, under a final regulation effective January 13, 2021, HRSA newly established an administrative dispute resolution (“ADR”) process for claims by covered entities that a manufacturer has engaged in overcharging, and by manufacturers that a covered entity violated the prohibitions against diversion or duplicate discounts. Such claims are to be resolved through an ADR panel of government officials rendering a decision that can be appealed to a federal court. An ADR proceeding could subject a manufacturer to onerous procedural requirements and could result in additional liability. Further, any additional future changes to the definition of average manufacturer price and the Medicaid rebate amount under the ACA or otherwise could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively affect results of operations. In recent years, two U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Third Circuit and District of Columbia Circuits (the “Third Circuit” and “D.C. Circuit,” respectively) have ruled that, under Section 340B, manufacturers are not required to provide the discounted drugs to an unlimited number of contract pharmacies, but can impose some contractual limitations on how products may be distributed. The Third Circuit also upheld the ADR rules. One other case is pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Various states have also enacted laws prohibiting manufacturers from placing conditions on covered entities’ use of contract pharmacies. At least two U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Fifth and Eighth Circuits have ruled in favor of state laws that prohibit drug manufacturers from interfering with how a 340B covered entity distributes 340B drugs to patients. Litigation continues related to the implementation of the 340B program. Civil monetary penalties can be applied if a manufacturer (i) is found to have knowingly submitted any false price or product information to the government, (ii) is found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of its average sales price, (iii) fails to submit the required price data on a timely basis, or (iv) is found to have knowingly and intentionally charged 340B covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price. CMS could also decide to terminate the Medicaid Drug Rebate Agreement, or HRSA, or to terminate the 340B program participation agreement, in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. In addition, manufacturers are required to provide to CMS a 70% discount on brand name prescription drugs utilized by Medicare Part D beneficiaries when those beneficiaries are in the coverage gap phase of the Part D benefit design. Congress could enact legislation that sunsets this discount program and replaces it with a new manufacturer discount program. Under either program, civil monetary penalties could be applied if a manufacturer fails to provide these discounts in the amount of 125% of the discount that was due. Furthermore, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”), PL 117-169, seeks to limit manufacturers’ price increases for drugs 106 reimbursed by Medicare, to not more than the rate of inflation, at least where those increases would otherwise affect payments under Medicare. Under the provisions, beginning in October 2022, if a manufacturer increases the price of a drug reimbursed under Medicare by more than the rate of inflation (as measured by the consumer price index), the manufacturer must pay rebates to the federal government, equal to the amount by which the increase exceeds the rate of inflation in the relevant period. Congress could also enact additional changes that affect our overall rebate liability and the information we report to the government as part of price reporting calculations. The IRA also requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to negotiate prices for a limited number of single-source brand-name drugs or biologics without generic or biosimilar competitors that are covered under Medicare Part D (starting in 2026) and Part B (starting in 2028). The number of drugs affected is limited to ten Part D drugs for 2026, another fifteen Part D drugs for 2027, another fifteen Part D and Part B drugs for 2028, and another twenty Part D and Part B drugs for 2029 and later years. On August 29, 2023, HHS announced the list of the ten drugs for which negotiations will occur. On August 15, 2024, HHS announced the agreed-upon reimbursement prices of the first ten drugs that were subject to price negotiations, the prices of which are scheduled to become effective January 1, 2026. On January 17, 2025, HHS announced its selection of 15 additional drugs covered by Part D for the second cycle of negotiations by February 1, 2025, the prices of which will be effective starting January 1, 2027. Each year thereafter, more Part B and Part D products will become subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program.  Drugs that are less than 9 years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their FDA approval or licensure date are excluded from the negotiation process. Small biotech drugs, defined as those which account for 1% or less of Part D or Part B spending and account for 80% or more of spending under each part on that manufacturer’s drugs, are also excluded until 2029. CMS has issued initial guidance on the implementation of the provisions.  On December 8, 2023, the National Institute of Standards and Technology published for comment a Draft Interagency Guidance Framework for Considering the Exercise of march-in rights, which for the first time includes the price of a product as one factor an agency can use when deciding to exercise march-in rights. While march-in rights have not generally been exercised, it is uncertain whether that will continue under the new framework. It is unclear whether or how much such rights may be exercised although the current Administration has indicated a willingness to explore the use of such rights. Pursuant to applicable law, knowing provision of false information in connection with price reporting or contract-based requirements under the VA Federal Supply Schedule and/or Tricare programs can subject a manufacturer to civil monetary penalties. These programs and contract-based obligations also contain extensive disclosure and certification requirements. If a manufacturer overcharges the government in connection with its arrangements with Federal Supply Schedule or Tricare, the manufacturer may be required to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures or to identify contract overcharges can result in allegations against us under the False Claims Act and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds to the government, and/or response to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. We will need to obtain prior FDA authorization for any proposed product brand names, and any failure or delay associated with such approval may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any brand name we intend to use for our product candidates will require authorization from the FDA regardless of whether we have secured a formal trademark registration from the PTO. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product brand names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. The FDA may also object to a product brand name if it believes the name inappropriately implies medical claims. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed product brand names, we may be required to adopt an alternative brand name for our product candidates. If we adopt an alternative brand name, we would lose the benefit of our existing trademark applications for such product candidate and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product brand name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. We may be unable to build a successful brand identity for a new trademark in a timely manner, or at all, which would limit our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. If we fail to comply with these laws, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, other remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are subject to certain anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we conduct business, including performing clinical trials. The FCPA and other anti-corruption laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to foreign government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We, our commercial partners and our affiliates operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a risk of potential FCPA violations, and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under the FCPA or local anti-corruption laws. In addition, we cannot predict 107 the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. There can be no assurance that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA or other legal requirements, such as trade control laws. Any investigation of potential violations of the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or trade control laws by U.S., European Union or other authorities could have an adverse impact on our reputation, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, should we be found not to be in compliance with the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or trade control laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, as well as the accompanying legal expenses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and liquidity, as well as on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may in the future conduct clinical trials for current or future product candidates outside the U.S., and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials. We expect to conduct clinical trials internationally in the future. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice and (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to GCP regulations. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials are subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S. or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in current or future product candidates that we may develop being delayed or not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly, and investors in our Common Stock may lose all or a part of their investment. The market prices for securities of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have historically been highly volatile, and the market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. For example, from November 11, 2022 (the first trading day following the closing of the Business Combination) to April 2, 2026, our closing stock price ranged from $3.99 to $518.03. The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as: • our ability to commercialize ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates, if approved; • legal disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for ZTlido, GLOPERBA, ELYXYB or our product candidates, government investigations and the results of any proceedings or lawsuits, including, but not limited to, patent or stockholder litigation; • announcements of the introduction of new products by our company and our competitors; • issuances of debt or equity securities; • market conditions and trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; • overall performance of the equity markets and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors, including changes in market valuations of similar companies; • trading volume of our Common Stock; • ineffectiveness of our internal controls; and • other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. See the risk factor below titled “ If our operations and performance do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline ” for more factors affecting the trading price of our securities. The realization of any of the 108 above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in these “

