TICKER: SEGG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply Chain, LLC (“Astra”) McTurk, Rutherford, SJB and Astra (collectively, “Plaintiffs”) alleging
fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation, aiding and abetting, and conspiracy by Defendants. On July 2, 2024, McGahan filed his
Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Personal Jurisdiction and Defendants filed their Motion to Dismiss for Failure to State a Claim and
Supporting Memorandum of Law (“Motions to Dismiss”). On July 19, 2024, Plaintiffs filed their response to the Motions to
Dismiss. On October 29, 2024, the Court denied Defendants’ Motion to Stay Discovery Pending Resolution of Defendants’
Rule 12(b)(6) Motion to Dismiss. On February 25, 2025, the Court entered an Order granting Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss for
Failure to State a Claim (the “Order”). Accordingly, Plaintiffs’ complaint was dismissed with prejudice. All
pending deadlines and hearings were terminated, and any other pending motions were denied as moot. Plaintiffs filed a notice of
appeal as to the Order. Honey
Tree On
September 4, 2024, Honey Tree Trading, LLC (“Honey Tree” or “Plaintiff”) filed a verified original complaint
(the “Complaint”) against Lottery.com (“Lottery.com” or the “Company”) and directors Matthew
Howard McGahan (“McGahan”), Christopher Gooding (“Gooding”), Paul Jordan (“Jordan”), Tamer
Hassan (“Hassan”) and Warran Macal (“Macal” together with McGahan, Gooding, Jordan and Hassan, the
“Individual Defendants” and, collectively Lottery.com, the “Defendants”) in Delaware Chancery Court
alleging, amongst other things, breach of contract by the Company with respect to certain notes and warrants and breach of fiduciary
duties by the Individual Defendants. (CA. No. 2024-0921-NAC: styled Honey Tree Trading, LLC v. Lottery.com Inc., et al. ). On
October 10,2024, Honey Tree amended its Complaint by filing an amended verified complaint (the “Amended Complaint”) and
a motion to expedite proceedings (the “Motion”). On November 6, 2024, at a hearing on Plaintiff’s Motion (the
“Hearing”) and on the issue of breach of fiduciary duties against the Individual Defendants, Honey Tree’s counsel
informed the Court that, “[t]here is no question that Honey Tree is presently a shareholder and was a shareholder at the time
it presented its pleading.” On November 12, 2024, Plaintiff’s counsel informed the Court that “Honey Tree did own
shares prior to the filing of the Amended Complaint but sold them prior to that filing; and (ii) Honey Tree did not subsequently
purchase shares of Lottery.com until November 7, 2024, the day after the [H]earing,” (Plaintiff’s Admission”).
Following Plaintiff’s Admission on November 13, 2024, Plaintiff dismissed without prejudice its claims against Hassan and
Macal (the “Dismissal”). The Court ordered the Dismissal on November 15, 2024. On January 13, 2025, the Company and Individual Defendants timely filed
their Answer to the Second Amended Complaint, an Opposition to Motion to Expedite and a Partial Motion to Dismiss. On March 6, 2025, Plaintiff
notified the Court that it withdraws its Motion to Expedite. PR Fire Limited On April 22, 2024, the
Company, by and through its outside legal counsel, issued a cease and desist notice to PR Fire Limited, a U.K. based firm and Mr.
Samuel Allcock, its CEO, for unlawful attempts to manipulate the public markets by disseminating false and misleading statements
about the Company, its current officers and directors in certain articles caused to be published by PR Fire Limited. The
Company’s outside legal counsel reported the matter to the proper authorities. On April 24, 2024, the Company, by and through its outside legal counsel,
issued a cease-and-desist notice to certain individuals and entities in participation with a common scheme and acting in concert to financial
harm to the Company by privately and publicly disseminating false and misleading statements about the Company, its current officers and
directors. The Company’s outside legal counsel reported the matter to the proper authorities. Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not
applicable. 59 PART
II Item
5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market
Information Our
common stock and warrants trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols “LTRY” and “LTRYW,” respectively.
Our failure to remain in full compliance with these requirements may result in our securities being delisted from Nasdaq. On
September 11, 2024, the Staff notified the Company that the bid price of its common stock had closed at less than $1 per share over the
previous 30 consecutive business days, and, as a result, did not comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(1). Therefore, in accordance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company was provided 180 calendar days to regain compliance with such rule. As
reported on form 8-K filed on November 1, 2024, on October 28, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that based upon
its review of the Company’s Market Value of Publicly Held Shares (“MVPHS”) for the last 30 consecutive business days,
the Company no longer met the minimum requirement of $5,000,000 in MVPHS set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(C). However, under
the Listing Rules, the Company was provided a 180-calendar day grace period to regain compliance. If
at any time during the compliance period the Company’s MVPHS closed at $5,000,000 or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business
days, Nasdaq would provide written confirmation of compliance and the matter would be closed. The Company met this requirement, notified
Nasdaq and on March 6, 2025 received written notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has regained compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(C) and the matter is now closed . The notification also stated that the Company had
regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(1) and that matter was also closed. Furthermore,
the requirement that we maintain a majority of independent directors and at least three members on our audit committee are Nasdaq requirements
that we currently meet but have not met from time to time. If
the Company’s securities are delisted from Nasdaq, it could be more difficult to buy and sell the Company’s common stock
and warrants or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of the Company’s common stock and warrants could suffer a material
decline. Delisting could also impair the Company’s ability to raise capital or trigger defaults and penalties under its outstanding
agreements or securities. Further, there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our listing for any period of time. Delisting
from Nasdaq could also result in negative publicity. Further, if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue
sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock
or warrants and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock or warrants in the secondary market. If our common stock
or warrants are delisted by Nasdaq, our common stock or warrants may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system,
such as the OTCQB Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market
value of our common stock or warrants. In the event our common stock or warrants are delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market,
we may not be able to list our common stock or warrants on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the
counter quotation system. AutoLotto
$30,000,000 Business Loan On
January 4, 2022, AutoLotto entered into a Business Loan Agreement (the “Business Loan”) with bank prov, pursuant to which
the Company borrowed $30,000,000 from bank prov, which was evidenced by a $30,000,000 Promissory Note. The Promissory Note accrued interest
at the rate of 2.750% per annum (7.750% upon the occurrence of an event of default) and had a maturity date of January 4, 2024. Monthly
interest payments were due under the Promissory Note beginning February 4, 2022. The Promissory Note could be repaid at any time without
penalty. The Promissory Note included customary events of default for a debt obligation of the size of the Promissory Note. The Business
Loan included representations and warranties of AutoLotto and covenants (both positive and negative) which were customary for a transaction
of this nature and size, including rights to set off. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, Provident could declare the entire
amount owed immediately due and payable. We were required to pay a 1% commitment fee at the time of our entry into the Business Loan,
and another 1% annual loan fee would have been due on the first anniversary thereof. 60 In
accordance with the terms of the Business Loan, upon entering into the agreement, $30,000,000 in a separate account with bank prov was
pledged as security for the amount outstanding under the loan (“Collateral Security”). The $30,000,000 Collateral Security
became restricted and remained restricted until October 12, 2022, when AutoLotto defaulted on its obligations under the Business Loan
and bank prov foreclosed on the $30,000,000 of Collateral Security. The Collateral Security, which was in the form of restricted cash,
was presented as a contingent liability on the Company’s balance sheet from March 31, 2022 until the obligation was satisfied in
October of 2022. See Note 3i to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Loan
Agreement with Woodford Eurasia Assets, Limited On December 7, 2022, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with Woodford Eurasia Assets, Ltd. (“Woodford”), (the “Woodford Loan Agreement”)
pursuant to which Woodford agreed to provide the Company with up to $52.5 million, subject to certain conditions and requirements, of
which, per the Company’s books and records $798,351 was received by December 31, 2024 and is owed pursuant to the terms of the Woodford
Loan Agreement. Amounts borrowed accrue interest at the rate of 12% per annum (or 22% per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default)
and are due within 12 months of the date of each loan advance. Amounts borrowed can be repaid at any time without penalty. Amounts
borrowed pursuant to the Woodford Loan Agreement are convertible, at Woodford’s option, into shares of the Company’s common
stock, beginning 60 days after the first loan date at the rate of 80% of the lowest publicly available price per share of common stock
within 10 business days of the date of the Loan Agreement (which was equal to $5.60 per share), subject to a 4.99% beneficial ownership
limitation and a separate limitation preventing Woodford from holding more than 19.99% of the issued and outstanding common stock of
the Company, without the Company obtaining shareholder approval for such issuance. Conditions
to the Loan Agreement included the resignation of four prior members of the Board (Lisa Borders, Steven M. Cohen, Lawrence Anthony DiMatteo
and William Thompson, all of whom resigned from the Board in September 2022), and the appointment of two new independent directors. Subsequent
loans under the Woodford Loan Agreement also required the Company to comply with all listing requirements, unless waived by Woodford.
The Woodford Loan Agreement also allows Woodford to nominate another director to the Board of Directors, in the event any independent
member of the Board of Directors resigns. Proceeds
of the loans can only be used by to restart the Company’s operations and for general corporate purposes agreed to by Woodford. The
Woodford Loan Agreement includes confidentiality obligations, representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default, which are
customary for a transaction of this size and nature. Included in the Loan Agreement are covenants prohibiting us from (a) making any
loan in excess of $1 million or obtaining any loan in an amount exceeding $1 million without the consent of Woodford, which consent may
not be unreasonably withheld; (b) selling more than $1 million in assets; (c) maintaining less than enough assets to perform our obligations
under the Loan Agreement; (d) encumbering any assets, except in the normal course of business, and not in an amount to exceed $1 million;
(e) amending or restating our governing documents; (f) declaring or paying any dividend; (g) issuing any shares which negatively affects
Woodford; and (h) repurchasing any shares. The
Company also agreed to grant warrants to purchase shares of common stock to Woodford (the “Woodford Warrants”) in an amount
equal to 15% of the Company’s then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Each Woodford Warrant has an exercise price equal
to the average of the closing price of the Company’s common stock for each of the ten days prior to the first amount being debited
from the bank account of Woodford, which equates to an exercise price of $5.60 per share. In the event the Company fails to repay the
amounts borrowed when due or Woodford fails to convert the amount owed into shares, the exercise price of the warrants may be offset
by amounts owed to Woodford, and in such case, the exercise price of the warrants will be subject to a further 25% discount. 61 In
connection with our entry into the Woodford Loan Agreement, the Company also entered into a Loan Agreement Deed, Debenture Deed and Securitization,
with Woodford (the “Security Agreement”), which provides Woodford with a first floating charge security interest over all
present and future assets of the Company in order to secure the repayment of amounts owed under the Loan Agreement. On
June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of the Woodford Loan Agreement (the “Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment”).
The Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment provides that Woodford shall henceforth be able to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding
balance of its loan into the conversion shares at a conversion price that represents a further 25% discount to the original conversion
price of 20%. The validity and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. Despite
requests from the Company, Woodford has repeatedly amongst other things: failed to prove the amounts borrowed by the Company or claimed
to have been advanced by Woodford to the Company; failed to indicate if it would accept accelerated payment of those verified amounts;
failed to provide an anti-money laundering acceptable account to which payment could be made by the Company and failed to explain failure
to respond to requests for other funding to be accepted in the context of the Woodford Loan Agreement; failed to respond to requests
for funding under the accordion facility of the Woodford Loan Agreement; and failed to respond to allegations of money laundering and
conspiracy to defraud the Company and others. Information
regarding ongoing legal proceedings with Woodford can be found in the “Legal Proceedings” section of this form. Business
Combination On
October 29, 2021, we, as AutoLotto, Inc. (“AutoLotto”), consummated the Business Combination with Trident Acquisitions Corp.
(“TDAC” and after the Business Combination described herein, the “Company”), pursuant to the terms of that certain
Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2021 (the “Business Combination Agreement”), by and among TDAC,
Trident Merger Sub II Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of TDAC (“Merger Sub”) and AutoLotto. Pursuant to the terms of the
Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into AutoLotto with AutoLotto surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary
of TDAC, which was renamed “Lottery.com Inc.” The aggregate value of the consideration paid by TDAC to the holders of AutoLotto
common stock in the Business Combination (excluding shares that may be issued to former AutoLotto stockholders (the “Sellers”)
as earnout consideration) was approximately $440 million, consisting of approximately 2,000,000 shares of common stock valued at $220.00
per share. In addition, each Seller was eligible to receive its pro rata portion of 150,000 Seller Earnout Shares and each Founder Holder
was eligible to receive one-third of 100,000 Founder Holders Earnout Shares, subject to adjustments in the normal course of business.
Conditions for earning the Seller Earnout Shares and Founder Holders Earnout Shares were not met within the designated deadline and all
potential earnout shares were forfeited. Reverse
Stock Split On
August 9, 2023, the Company amended its Charter to implement, effective at 5:30 p.m., Eastern time, a 1-for-20 Reverse Stock Split. At
the effective time of the Reverse Stock Split, every 20 shares of common stock either issued and outstanding or held as treasury stock
were automatically combined into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in the par value per share. Stockholders
who would have otherwise been entitled to fractional shares of common stock as a result of the Reverse Stock Split received a cash payment
in lieu of receiving fractional shares. In addition, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, proportionate adjustments were made to the
number of shares of common stock underlying the Company’s outstanding equity awards, the number of shares issuable upon the exercise
of the Company’s outstanding warrants and the number of shares issuable under the Company’s equity incentive plans and certain
existing agreements, as well as the exercise, grant and acquisition prices of such equity awards and warrants, as applicable. The Reverse
Stock Split was approved by the Company’s stockholders at the Company’s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on August 7,
2023 and was subsequently approved by the Board of Directors on August 7, 2023. An adjustment was made to the Company’s warrants based on the 1-for-20 split ratio. The adjustment was made
automatically. The number of shares of common stock issued subject to stock options, warrants, or convertible securities was automatically
decreased by the split ratio and the exercise price or conversion ratio will automatically be proportionately increased by the same split
ratio. The
effects of the Reverse Stock Split were reflected in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2023 and in
all subsequent reports for all periods presented. International Expansion In June 2021, we closed the
acquisition of Global Gaming, which held 80% of the equity of each of Aganar and JuegaLotto. Aganar operates in the licensed Online
Lottery market in Mexico and is licensed to sell Mexican National Lottery draw games, instant win tickets, and other games of chance
online with access to a federally approved online casino and sportsbook gaming license. JuegaLotto is licensed by Mexico authorities
to commercialize international lottery games in Mexico through an authorized gaming portal and to commercialize games of chance in other
countries throughout Latin America. As of the date of this Report, according to Statista, the estimated size of the Latin American lottery
market is $.68 billion with a compound annual growth rate projected at 6.05% through 2028. Furthermore, it is projected that there will
be 3,000,000 online lottery players in the South American lottery market alone by 2028. Based on these projections, we believe these
acquisitions will provide opportunities for growth of our international operations throughout Mexico and Latin America as we expand our
portfolio of products and expose our existing products to new markets. Operations Prior to 2022 Operational Cessation Prior to the 2022 Operational
Cessation, the Company was primarily a provider of domestic lottery products and services (subsidiary operations in Mexico, such as Aganar,
and JuegaLotto and TinBu in the U.S. were unaffected by the 2022 Operational Cessation and continued operations). As an independent third-party
lottery game service, we offered a platform that we developed and operated to enable the remote purchase of legally sanctioned lottery
games in the U.S. and abroad (the “Platform”). Our revenue generating activities included (i) offering the Platform via our
Lottery.com app and our websites to users located in the U.S. and international jurisdictions where the sale of lottery games was legal
and our services were enabled for the remote purchase of legally sanctioned lottery games (our “B2C Platform”); (ii) offering
an internally developed, created and operated business-to-business application programming interface (“API”) of the Platform,
which enabled our commercial partners, in permitted U.S. and international jurisdictions, to purchase certain legally operated lottery
games from us and to resell them to users located within their respective jurisdictions (“B2B API”); and (iii) delivering
global lottery data, such as winning numbers and results, and subscriptions to data sets of our proprietary, anonymized transaction data
pursuant to multi-year contracts to commercial digital subscribers (“Data Service”). 62 Mobile
Lottery Game Platform Services Both our B2C Platform and our
B2B API provided users with the ability to purchase legally sanctioned draw lottery games via a mobile device or computer, securely maintain
their acquired lottery game, automatically redeem a winning lottery game, as applicable, and receive support, if required, for the claims
and redemption process. Our registration and user interfaces were designed to be easy to use, provide for the creation of an account
and purchase of a lottery game with minimum friction and without the creation of a mobile wallet or requirement to pre-load minimum funds
and - importantly - to provide instant confirmation of the user’s lottery game numbers, whether selected at random or picked by
the user. Users of our B2C Platform services paid a service fee and, in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, a mark-up on the purchase price.
Prior to the Operational Cessation, we generated revenue from this service fee and mark-up. Our Ticket Processing Platform resumed limited
operations for the month of April 2023. As of the date of this Report, our B2C Platform is not currently available to the public. We
anticipate that our B2C Platform will become available again by mid-year 2025. The
WinTogether Platform Prior to the U.S. 2022 Operational
Cessation, we operated and administered of all sweepstakes offered by WinTogether, a registered 501(c)(3) charitable organization (“WinTogether”),
which was formed in April 2020 to support charitable, educational, and scientific causes. In consideration of our operation of the WinTogether
platform and administration of the sweepstakes, we received a percentage of the gross donations to a campaign, from which we paid certain
dividends and all administration costs. The WinTogether platform continued
operating after the 2022 Operational Cessation, until all sweepstakes campaigns were completed, and all prizes awarded. On March 29, 2023,
the board of directors of WinTogether voted to suspend its relationship with the Company. The suspension of the relationship was rescinded
by the WinTogether board on November 16, 2023. WinTogether is now operating under the DonateTo.Win brand. On April
1, 2024, Lottery.com resumed its sweepstakes offerings through its partnership with the WinTogether .org foundation (DBA: DonateTo.Win).
In April 2025, Sports.com sponsored a sweepstakes to support the Florida International University surrounding the
Formula 1 Crypto.com Miami Grand Prix 2025. Current
Operations Despite the 2022 Operational
Cessation, the Company’s subsidiaries have continued to operate under the direction of the leadership teams that were in place
prior to the Company’s acquisition of such companies. While the operational activities of these subsidiaries vary, from the 2022
Operational Cessation through the date of this Report, each of Aganar and JuegaLotto have decreased their expenses and has had their
revenues remain consistent or decrease slightly from pre-Operational Cessation levels. TinBu has decreased its expenses and had their
revenues remain consistent for a period of time but revenue is now beginning to decrease from pre-Operational Cessation levels. Data
Services In
2018, we acquired TinBu, LLC (“TinBu”), a digital publisher and provider of lottery data results, jackpots, results, and
other data, as a wholly owned subsidiary. Through TinBu, our Data Service delivers daily results of over 800 domestic and international
lottery games from more than 40 countries, including the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom, to over 400 digital publishers and media
organizations. See “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, partners, former employees, or current employees and contractors will not breach their obligations
regarding non-disclosure and restrictions on use. Anyone could seek to challenge, invalidate, circumvent, or render unenforceable any
trademark or patent that we seek protection over in the future. We may not be able to detect the unauthorized use of our intellectual
property, prevent breaches of our cybersecurity efforts, or take appropriate steps to enforce our proprietary or intellectual property
rights effectively. In addition, certain contractual provisions, including restrictions on use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of
software, may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions. We
intend to enforce our intellectual property rights, and from time to time may initiate claims against third parties that we believe are
infringing our intellectual property rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly,
time-consuming, and distracting to management, could fail to obtain the results sought, and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, business, and financial condition. 45 The
intellectual property rights of others, including claims of third parties that we are infringing on their intellectual property and proprietary
rights, may prevent us from developing new products, services and systems, entering new markets or may expose us to significant license
fees, liability, or costly litigation. Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to continually adapt our business activities, products, services, and systems to incorporate
new technologies and to expand into entertainment and gaming markets that may be created by new technologies. If technologies are protected
by the intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, we may be prevented from introducing products, services or
systems based on these technologies or expanding into markets created by these technologies. If the intellectual property rights of others
prevent us from taking advantage of innovative technologies, our prospects, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition
may be adversely affected. Our
business activities, products, services, and systems may infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, and other parties may assert
infringement claims against us. In addition to infringement claims, third parties may allege claims of invalidity or unenforceability
against us or against our licensees or manufacturers in connection with their use of our technology. A successful challenge to, or invalidation
of, one of our intellectual property interests, a successful claim of infringement by a third party against us, our business activities,
products, services and systems, or one of our licensees in connection with the use of our technologies, or an unsuccessful claim of infringement
made by us against a third party or its business activities, products, services and systems could adversely affect our business or cause
us financial harm. Any such claim and any resulting litigation, should it occur, could: ● be
    expensive and time consuming to defend or require us to pay significant amounts in damages; ● invalidate
    our proprietary rights; ● cause
    us to cease making, licensing or using products, services or systems that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; ● require
    us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products, services or systems or limit our ability to bring new products, services or systems
    to the market in the future; ● require
    us to enter into costly or burdensome royalty, licensing or settlement agreements in order to obtain the right to undertake a business
    activity or use a product, process or component; ● impact
    the commercial viability of the products, services and systems that are the subject of the claim during the pendency of such claim;
    and ● require
    us by way of injunction to remove products, services, or systems or stop implementing the business practice, or stop selling or offering
    new products, services. Legal
Proceedings Risks We
are party to pending litigation and investigations in various jurisdictions and with various plaintiffs and we may be subject to future
litigation or investigations in the operation of our business. An adverse outcome in one or more proceedings could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
are, and have been party to, and we may in the future increasingly face the risk of, claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other proceedings,
including those which may involve securities, competition and antitrust, anti-money laundering, OFAC, regulatory, lottery or gaming,
intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility claims, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, services and
other matters. Litigation to defend us against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties,
may be necessary, which could result in substantial costs, fines or penalties and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become
worthless. For example, as described in more detail in Item 3. Legal Proceedings, the TinBu Plaintiffs (as defined below) filed a claim
against the Company for breach of contract and misrepresentation. If the lawsuit results in an unfavorable judgment against the Company,
our Data Services business could be negatively impacted, and we may lose some of TinBu’s well-known clients. In addition, defending
against these claims will require the Company to expend substantial time and money, which could divert management attention from restarting
operations. Any
litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, or in payments
of substantial monetary damages or fines, the posting of bonds requiring significant collateral, letters of credit or similar instruments,
or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm and brand
damage, criminal sanctions, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain products or requiring a change in our business
practices in costly ways or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Litigation and other
claims and regulatory proceedings against us could result in unexpected disciplinary actions, expenses and liabilities, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities
to decline or become worthless. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information. 46 Failure
to perform under agreements regarding our Platform or our Data Services, affiliate agreements, or other contracts that we are party to
may result in litigation, substantial monetary liquidated damages and contract termination, which would materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
business may subject us to contractual penalties and risks of litigation, including due to potential allegations that we have not fully
performed under contracts. Agreements with lottery authorities under which lottery tickets are sold as a retail vendor typically permit
a lottery authority to terminate the contract at any time for material failure to perform, other specified reasons and, in many cases,
for no reason at all. These contracts also frequently contain exacting implementation schedules and performance requirements and the
failure to meet these schedules and requirements may result in monetary liquidated damages, as well as possible contract termination.
Additionally, we are party to agreements that may include monetary liquidated damages provisions in the event of our material default
thereunder. Material amounts of liquidated damages could be imposed on us in the future, which could, if imposed, have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, business or financial condition. We
may not recover amounts owed to us from J. Streicher Financial, LLC. On
July 29, 2022, the Company filed an original Verified Complaint for Breach of Contract and Specific Performance (the “ Complaint ”)
against J. Streicher Financial, LLC (“ Streicher ”) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the “ Chancery
Court ”). In its Complaint, the Company alleged that Streicher breached a contract entered into by the parties on March 9, 2022,
and demanded that Streicher return $16,500,000 it owes to the Company. On September 26, 2022, the Chancery Court entered an order in
favor of the Company, Granting with Modifications Company’s Motion for Partial Summary Judgment in the amount of $16,500,000
(the “ Judgment ”). On October 27, 2022, the Chancery Court further awarded the Company $397,036.94 in attorney’s
fees (the “ Fee Order ”). On November 15, 2022, the Company initiated efforts against Streicher to seek collections
on the Judgment and Fee Order. The Company subsequently engaged a collection firm to pursue Streicher as a judgment debtor on behalf
of Company. Since being engaged, the collection firm has sought collections on Streicher by noticing Judgment-Debtor for Deposition by
Oral Examination in Aid of Judgment and seeking post-judgment discovery, including interrogatories and requests for production. In
an effort to avoid post-judgment discovery, Streicher indicated a willingness to pay the judgment over time with interest and is attempting
to negotiate a settlement and forbearance agreement with the Company. Streicher’s original deadline to produce documents and respond
to the post-judgment discovery was January 16, 2023, and the Deposition was scheduled to take place on January 19, 2023. On January 20,
2023, faced with post-judgment discovery and depositions, Streicher remitted a partial payment towards the Judgment in the amount of
$75,000. On February 13, 2023, Streicher made another payment towards the Judgment in the amount of $50,000 and agreed to make another
payment in the amount of $75,000 on February 28, 2023. Streicher failed to remit the payment on February 28, 2023, and as a result, the
Company is proceeding with the post-judgment discovery and depositions, which was scheduled for March 16, 2023, however Streicher did
not appear at such hearing. The Company intends to fully collect on the Judgment and intends to pursue all legal and equitable means
to enforce the Judgment against Streicher until the Judgment is fully satisfied. We
may never collect the full amount of the judgment, the costs of collecting the judgment, including additional legal fees may be material,
and Streicher may not have funds to pay us amounts due or make seek bankruptcy protection. More
details are available in Item 3. Legal Proceedings Public
Company Operating Risks Our
projections are subject to significant risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties, including assumptions regarding future legislation
and changes in regulations, both inside and outside of the U.S. As a result, our projected revenues, market share, expenses and profitability
may differ materially from our expectations. The
gaming and lottery industry is subject to rapid change, significant competition, and multiple regulatory oversight and our projections
are subject to the risks and assumptions made by management with respect to our industries. Operating results are difficult to forecast
because they generally depend on our assessment of the timing of adoption of future legislation and regulations by different states,
which are uncertain. Furthermore, if we invest in the development of new products, services or distribution channels that do not achieve
significant commercial success, whether because of implementation, competition or otherwise, we may not recover the often substantial
“up front” costs of developing and marketing those products and distribution channels or recover the opportunity cost of
diverting management and financial resources away from other services, products or distribution channels. 47 Additionally,
our business may be affected by reductions in consumer spending from time to time as a result of a number of factors which may be difficult
to predict. This may result in decreased revenue levels, and we may be unable to adopt measures in a timely manner to compensate for
any unexpected shortfall in income. This inability could cause our operating results in a given quarter to be higher or lower than expected.
If actual results differ from our estimates, analysts may react negatively, and our stock price could be materially impacted. The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management’s attention, and the increases in legal,
accounting and compliance expenses may be greater than we anticipate. As
a result of being a public company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company.
We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently
implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”), including changes in corporate
governance practices and the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules
and regulations can be burdensome. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and
have made some activities more time-consuming and costly as compared to when we were a private company. In particular, we have incurred
and expect to continue to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with all these
requirements, including Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will increase when we are no longer an “emerging growth company.”
To meet these various requirements, we have and will continue to need to hire additional legal, accounting and financial staff or
contractors, all with appropriate public company experience. Internally, we must continue to increase our technical accounting knowledge
as well as maintain an internal audit function, which will increase our operating expenses. Moreover, we could incur additional compensation
costs in the event that we decide to pay cash compensation closer to that of other public companies, which would increase our general
and administrative expenses and could materially and adversely affect our profitability. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of
additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. Risks
Relating to Our Charter Documents and Delaware Law Our
Charter includes certain redemption rights which may negatively affect the value our common stock and other securities or result
in the redemption of shares of common stock or other securities held by certain holders. Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our “Charter”) provides that any shares of capital stock, bonds,
notes, convertible debentures, options, warrants or other instruments that represent a share of equity of the Company, a debt owed by
the Company or the right to acquire any of the foregoing (for purposes of this section, the “Redeemable Securities”), owned
or controlled by a record or beneficial holder of the Company’s Redeemable Securities or an affiliate thereof who or that (i) fails
or refuses to participate in good faith in an investigative process of, or submit documents, give notices or make filings requested or
required by, any Regulatory Authority (as such term is defined in the Charter), (ii) is denied or disqualified by any regulatory authority
from receiving or holding any Regulatory Approval (as such term is defined in the Charter)), (iii) is determined by a regulatory authority
or by the Board, based on advice of counsel or verifiable information received from any Regulatory Authority, to be disqualified or unsuitable
to own or control any Redeemable Securities or to be associated or affiliated in any capacity with the Company, its affiliates, or the
business and activities of the Company and its affiliates in any Applicable Jurisdiction (as such term is defined in the Charter), (iv)
causes the Company or any of its affiliates to lose or to be threatened with the loss of any Regulatory Approval, or (v) is deemed likely
by the Board, based on advice of counsel or verifiable information received from any Regulatory Authority, by virtue of such holder’s
ownership or control of Redeemable Securities or association or affiliation with the Company or its affiliates, to jeopardize, impede,
impair or adversely affect the ability of the Company’s or any of its affiliates to obtain, maintain, hold, use or retain any Regulatory
Approval or to cause or result in the suspension, disapproval, termination, non-renewal or loss of any Regulatory Approval (each of such
holders or an affiliate of such holder, a “Disqualified Holder”) shall be subject to redemption by the Company (as described
in the Charter) as and to the extent required by a Regulatory Authority or deemed necessary or advisable by the Company’s Board. 48 If
a Regulatory Authority requires the Company, or the Board deems it necessary or advisable, to cause any such Redeemable Securities be
subject to redemption, we will deliver a redemption notice (as described in the Charter) to the Disqualified Holder or its affiliate(s)
(as applicable) and shall purchase the number and type of Redeemable Securities specified in the redemption notice for the redemption
price, as defined and determined in accordance with the Charter and set forth in the redemption notice. Commencing
on the date that a regulatory authority serves notice of a determination of disqualification or unsuitability of a holder of Redeemable
Securities, or the Board otherwise determines that a person is a Disqualified Holder, and until the Redeemable Securities owned or controlled
by such person are owned or controlled by a person who is not a Disqualified Holder, the Disqualified Holder and any affiliates of such
Disqualified Holder shall not be entitled to: (i) exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting rights conferred by such Redeemable Securities
or otherwise participate in the management of the business or affairs of the Company or our affiliates; (ii) receive any dividends or
share of distribution of profits or cash or any other property of, or payments upon dissolution of, the Company or our affiliates, other
than payment for the redemption of the Redeemable Securities as described in the Charter; or (iii) receive any remuneration in any form
from the Company or any of our affiliates, for services rendered or otherwise. No
redemption of Redeemable Securities shall be effectuated pursuant to the Charter without the receipt of the regulatory approvals required.
From and after the redemption date, the Redeemable Securities shall no longer be deemed outstanding, such Disqualified Holder shall cease
to be a stockholder with respect to such Redeemable Securities and all rights of such Disqualified Holder (other than the right to receive
the redemption price) shall cease. The
existence of the redemption rights set forth in our Charter may result in the value of the Redeemable Securities being less than they
would without the existence of such rights, may prevent the sale or transfer of such Redeemable Securities, and may result in a holder
of Redeemable Securities receiving less value for such Redeemable Securities upon the redemption thereof as they would, had such Redeemable
Securities not been redeemed. A
court may find that part or all of the provisions included in our Charter pertaining to the redemption right with respect to capital
stock held by any stockholders who are deemed to be “disqualified” or “unsuitable” holders is not enforceable,
either in general or as to a particular fact situation. Under
the laws of the State of Delaware, our jurisdiction of incorporation, a corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation for
the number of securities that may be owned by any person or group of persons for the purpose of maintaining any statutory or regulatory
advantage or complying with any statutory or regulatory requirements under applicable law. Delaware law provides that ownership limitations
with respect to shares of our stock issued prior to the effectiveness of our Charter will be effective against (i) stockholders with
respect to shares that were voted in favor of the proposed provision; and (ii) purported transferees of shares that were voted for the
proposed provision if (a) the transfer restrictions are conspicuously noted on the certificate(s) representing such shares, or (b) the
transferee had actual knowledge of the transfer restrictions (even absent such conspicuous notation). The shares of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share issued after the effective date of our Charter were issued with the ownership limitation conspicuously noted on
the certificate(s) representing such shares and therefore under Delaware law such newly issued shares will be subject to the transfer
restriction. We have also disclosed such restrictions to persons holding our stock in uncertificated form. We
cannot assure you that the provision pertaining to the redemption right with respect to capital stock held by any stockholders who are
deemed to be “disqualified” or “unsuitable” holders is enforceable under all circumstances, particularly against
stockholders who did not vote in favor of the proposed provision, who do not have notice of the ownership limitations at the time they
subsequently acquire their shares, or who acquire shares that were owned, at the time of the vote on the provision, by a stockholder
(or stockholders) who did not vote such shares in favor of the proposed provision. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we would be
able to redeem the shares of a stockholder deemed an unsuitable person by applicable regulatory authorities. Claims for indemnification
by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount
of money available to us. Our
Charter and our amended and restated bylaws (the “Bylaws”) provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in
each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”), our Charter, Bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and
officers provide that: ● To
    the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL, our directors will not be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary
    damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. 49 ● We
    will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business entities at our request,
    to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The DGCL provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted
    in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and,
    with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was unlawful. ● We
    may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law
    and such person was made a party to an action, suit or proceeding, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was an employee or
    agent of the Company. ● We
    are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that
    such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled
    to indemnification. ● We
    will not be obligated pursuant to the indemnification agreements entered into with our directors and executive officers to indemnify
    a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person, except with respect to proceedings to enforce an indemnitee right
    to indemnification or advancement of expenses, proceedings authorized by our board of directors and if offered by us in our sole
    discretion. ● The
    rights conferred in our Charter are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors,
    officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. ● We
    may not retroactively amend our Charter or indemnification agreement provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors,
    officers, employees and agents. As
a result of these provisions, if an investor were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we
would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required
to pay. This could lead to us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors
and officers, which the Company may not be able to pay or recoup. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial
resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect the
value of our business. The
exclusive forum provision in our Charter may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our
Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, other employee
to us or to our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to
any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), our Charter or our Amended and Restated Bylaws (our “Bylaws”);
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine under
Delaware law shall be brought, to the fullest extent permitted by law, solely and exclusively in the Court of Chancery in the State of
Delaware. In
addition, our Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that the federal district courts
of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision in the Charter does not apply
to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act since Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 50 Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which
it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the
effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our Charter and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt . Our
Charter contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
The Company is subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law which could delay or prevent a change of control. These provisions
are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control and enhance the ability of our
Board to maximize stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire us. However, these provisions may make more difficult
the removal of management, may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us by means of
a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts
that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for our securities. These provisions provide for, among other things: ● authorized
    but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock, which may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions
    and employee benefit plans and the existence of which could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the
    Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise (the DGCL does not require stockholder approval for any issuance
    of authorized shares); ● stockholder
    action may not be by written consent (the DGCL provides that unless otherwise provided in the charter, any action of a meeting of
    stockholders may be taken without a meeting and prior notice by signed written consent of stockholders having the minimum number
    of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted); ● amendment
    of certain provisions of the organizational documents only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the
    outstanding capital stock (the DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled
    to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation’s certificate of incorporation, unless
    the certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage); ● provisions
    providing for a board of directors with staggered terms and detailing that the number of directors may be fixed and modified only
    by our Board; ● advance
    notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at annual meetings,
    which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate
    of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of Lottery.com; and ● the
    ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock. ● providing
    that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by a two-thirds vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power
    of the outstanding shares then entitled to vote in an election of directors, voting together as a single class; ● providing
    that vacancies on our Board, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;
    and ● prohibiting
    stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders. 51 In
addition, these provisions may make it difficult and expensive for a third party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover
attempt that is opposed by our management or our Board. Stockholders who might desire to participate in these types of transactions may
not have an opportunity to do so, even if the transaction is favorable to them. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede
any stockholder’s ability to benefit from a change in control or change our management and Board and, as a result, may adversely
affect the market price of common stock and the ability for any stockholder to realize any potential change of control premium. Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants Although
we are currently in full compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, we may not be able to remain in full compliance with
Nasdaq’s continued listing standards in the future. Our common stock and warrants
trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols “LTRY” and “LTRYW,” respectively. Our failure to remain in
full compliance with these requirements may result in our securities being delisted from Nasdaq. On September 11, 2024, the Staff
notified the Company that the bid price of its common stock had closed at less than $1 per share over the previous 30 consecutive business
days, and, as a result, did not comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(1). Therefore, in accordance with e Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
the Company was provided 180 calendar days to regain compliance with such rule. As
reported on form 8-K filed on November 1, 2024, on October 28, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that based upon
its review of the Company’s Market Value of Publicly Held Shares (“MVPHS”) for the last 30 consecutive business days,
the Company no longer met the minimum requirement of $5,000,000 in MVPHS set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(C). However, under
the Listing Rules, the Company was provided a 180-calendar day grace period to regain compliance. If
at any time during the compliance period the Company’s MVPHS closed at $5,000,000 or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business
days, Nasdaq would provide written confirmation of compliance and the matter would be closed. The Company met this requirement, notified
Nasdaq and on March 6, 2025 received written notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has regained compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(C) and the matter is now closed. The notification also stated that the Company had regained compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(1) and that matter was also closed. Furthermore,
the requirement that we maintain a majority of independent directors and at least three members on our audit committee are Nasdaq requirements
that we currently meet but have not met from time to time. If
the Company’s securities are delisted from Nasdaq, it could be more difficult to buy and sell the Company’s common stock
and warrants or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of the Company’s common stock and warrants could suffer a material
decline. Delisting could also impair the Company’s ability to raise capital or trigger defaults and penalties under its outstanding
agreements or securities. Further, even if we regain compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements, there is no guarantee that we will
be able to maintain our listing for any period of time. Delisting
from Nasdaq could also result in negative publicity. Further, if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue
sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock
or warrants and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock or warrants in the secondary market. If our common stock
or warrants are delisted by Nasdaq, our common stock or warrants may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system,
such as the OTCQB Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market
value of our common stock or warrants. In the event our common stock or warrants are delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market,
we may not be able to list our common stock or warrants on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the
counter quotation system. An
active trading market for our common stock and warrants may never develop or be sustained, which may make it difficult to sell the shares
of common stock and warrants. An
active trading market for the common stock and warrants may not develop or continue or, if developed, may not be sustained, which would
make it difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock and warrants at an attractive price or at all. The market price of our
common stock and warrants may decline below your purchase price, and you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock and warrants
at or above the price you paid for such shares or at all. 52 The
market price of our common stock and warrants could be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. The
market price of our common stock and warrants could be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety
of factors, including the following: ● announcements by us or
    our competitors of new products, features, or services; ● the public’s reaction
    to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; ● rumors and market speculation
    involving us or other companies in our industry; ● actual or anticipated changes
    in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; ● changes in the financial
    projections we may provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; ● actual or anticipated developments
    in our business, our competitors’ businesses or the competitive landscape generally; ● actual or perceived privacy
    or data security incidents; ● risks related to the organic
    and inorganic growth of our business and the timing of expected business milestones, including those related to announced or completed
    acquisitions of businesses, products, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; ● actual or anticipated changes
    in applicable laws or regulations; ● changes in accounting standards,
    policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; ● our ability to forecast
    or report accurate financial results; and ● technical factors in the
    public trading market for our common stock and warrants that may produce price movements that may or may not comport with macro,
    industry or company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be
    expressed on financial trading and other social media sites), the amount and status of short interest in our securities, access to
    margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and warrants and any related hedging and other technical
    trading factors. In
addition, the stock markets historically have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices
of equity securities of many publicly held companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions,
may negatively affect the market price of our common stock and warrants, regardless of a company’s actual operating performance.
In addition, in the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market
price of its securities. If the Company faces such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s
attention and resources, which could harm its business, results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about the Company, or publish negative reports, the Company’s
stock price and trading volume could decline. The
trading market for our common stock and warrants will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about the Company. The Company does not have any control over these analysts. If the Company’s financial performance fails
to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the analysts who cover the Company downgrade its common stock or change their opinion, the
Company’s stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly
publish reports on the Company, it could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the Company’s stock price
or trading volume to decline. Because
the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be your sole
source of gain. The
Company currently anticipates that it will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of its business and does
not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As
a result, capital appreciation, if any, of the Company’s shares of common stock would be your sole source of gain on an investment
in such shares for the foreseeable future. 53 Risks
Related to Our Loan Agreements and Loan Agreement Warrants United
Capital Investments London Limited, (“UCIL”) may not loan us the amounts they agreed to under their amended and restated
loan agreements, and Univest Securities, LLC (“Univest” or our “Placement Agent”) may not be successful in whole
or in part in placing our Offering. If UCIL fails to provide us with funding, and the Placement Agent is less than fully successful,
we may be forced to curtail or even abandon our plan to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. As
previously noted, we need to raise capital to, among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our
expenses. The amended and restated loan agreements with Woodford and UCIL are potential sources of this needed additional capital that
is presently available to us. Univest funding was available on Dec 31 also. Pursuant to the Woodford Amended
and Restated Loan Agreement, Woodford agreed to fund up to $52.5 million, subject to certain conditions and requirements, of which, per
our books and records, $798,351 was received by us through December 31, 2024. As
reported on form 8-K on August 1, 2023, the Company reported that it had not received the requisite funding on a timely basis that it
expected from Woodford, despite making several requests to Woodford for said funding under the Woodford Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.
Moreover, the Board of Directors determined that it was in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to enter into a new
loan agreement with UCIL, as an alternative lender to Woodford, upon receiving an event of default notice on July 21, 2023 (the “Default
Notice”) and an event of default and crystallization notice on July 25, 2023 (the “Crystallization Notice”) from Woodford
under the Woodford Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. On July 24, 2023, the Company responded to the Default Notice disputing that
an event of default had occurred. Further, on July 27, 2023, the Company replied to the Crystallization Notice denying that an event
of default occurred or continued, and further asserted that Woodford’s attempt for crystallization was inappropriate and unlawful
under its loan agreement. The validity and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. Despite
requests from the Company, Woodford has repeatedly amongst other things: failed to prove the amounts borrowed by the Company or claimed
to have been advanced by Woodford to the Company; failed to indicate if it would accept accelerated payment of those verified amounts;
failed to provide an anti-money laundering acceptable account to which payment could be made by the Company and failed to explain failure
to respond to requests for other funding to be accepted in the context of the Woodford Loan Agreement; failed to respond to requests
for funding under the accordion facility of the Woodford Loan Agreement; and failed to respond to allegations of money laundering and
conspiracy to defraud the Company and others. Given
the uncertainty of continued financing under the Woodford Loan Agreement, on July 26, 2023, the Company secured and formalized alternative
funding by entering into a Loan Agreement with UCIL which was further amended and restated on August 18, 2023. The UCIL agreement was
approved by the shareholders on or about November 17, 2023 and attached to this 10-K/A as an exhibit. The
UCIL loan agreement provides for a credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) consisting of (a) funding in the principal
amount of up to $1,000,000 to be paid in tranches over time and as requested by the Company (the “Initial Loan”),
wherein in return for the Initial Loan the Company shall issue to UCIL a number of warrants (the “Warrants”) to purchase
shares of the Company’s common stock (“common stock”) in an amount representing at least 4.5% but not exceeding
15% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock on the date of such issuance; and (b) an additional credit facility,
at the Company’s written request and at UCIL’s sole discretion for an amount up to a total of $49,000,000 in additional
financing (the “Accordion”) in subsequent funding tranches. The interest rate on the Initial Loan and the Accordion is
10% per annum. The Credit Facility provides that UCIL may elect, in its sole discretion, to convert an amount of the Initial Loan
and the Accordion, together with accrued interest, into shares of common stock at a conversion price calculated in accordance with
the terms of the Loan Agreement. In addition, the Credit Facility includes certain customary representations, warranties and events
of default subject to customary notice and cure rights. As reported on form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024, on February 16, 2024, the Company and UCIL entered into an “Amendment
and Restatement Agreement No. 2” to the UCIL Loan Agreement to increase the amount of the UCIL Credit Facility from $49,000,0000
to $149,000,000 (the “UCIL Amendment”). The
Univest placement agent agreement pertains to the Company’s offering (“Offering”) of units (“Units”) up
to $5,000,000 to be offered to their investors; each Unit consisting of a convertible promissory note (each, a “Convertible Note”
or collectively, the “Convertible Notes”), and a common stock purchase warrant (each, a “Warrant”, or collectively,
the “Warrants”) to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”)
which include specific registration rights (“Registration Rights”), for their investors. If
neither Woodford nor UCIL, nor any other potential lenders or investors (including those placed through Univest) are able or willing
over time to advance us amounts owed under either of their amended and restated loan agreements or we are unable to raise additional
funds from other third parties, we may not be able to raise enough capital to recommence our operations and run our business. Consequently,
we may be forced to curtail or even abandon our plan to recommence our operations, and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 54 We
are subject to certain covenants while amounts are outstanding under the loan agreements which may restrict our ability to undertake
future activities, including issuing additional shares of common stock. Each
loan agreement includes confidentiality obligations, representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default, which are customary
for transactions of this size and nature. For example, included in the Woodford Loan Agreement are covenants prohibiting us from (a)
making any loan in excess of $1 million or obtaining any loan in amount exceeding $1 million without the consent of Woodford, which may
not be unreasonably withheld; (b) selling more than $1 million in assets; (c) maintaining less than enough assets to perform our obligations
under the Loan Agreement; (d) encumbering any assets, except in the normal course of business, and not in an amount to exceed $1 million;
(e) amending or restating our governing documents; (f) declaring or paying any dividend; (g) issuing any shares of common stock which
negatively affects the lender and (h) repurchasing any shares of common stock. Such covenants in either loan agreement may restrict our
ability to raise capital, pay consultants, officers and directors, and may ultimately result in material adverse effects to the Company.
The result of that may be a decrease in the value of our securities or our need to seek bankruptcy protection. The validity and application
of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. Our
obligations under the loan agreements are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and if we
were to default, they could force us to curtail or abandon our business plans and operations. Although,
the amounts borrowed pursuant to the terms of the Woodford Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of the present and subsequently
acquired assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, the validity and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed
by the Company. Under the Agreement, Woodford as a creditor, in the event of the occurrence of a default might have been able to enforce
security interests over our assets or our subsidiaries which secure obligations, take control of such assets and operations, force
us to seek bankruptcy protection, or force us to curtail or abandon our current business plans and operations. If that were to happen,
any investment in the Company (including, but not limited to, any investment in our common stock) could become worthless. The validity
and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. Despite
requests from the Company, Woodford has repeatedly amongst other things: failed to prove the amounts borrowed by the Company or claimed
to have been advanced by Woodford to the Company; failed to indicate if it would accept accelerated payment of those verified amounts;
failed to provide an anti-money laundering acceptable account to which payment could be made by the Company and failed to explain failure
to respond to requests for other funding to be accepted in the context of the Woodford Loan Agreement; failed to respond to requests
for funding under the accordion facility of the Woodford Loan Agreement; and failed to respond to allegations of money laundering and
conspiracy to defraud the Company and others. The
issuance and sale of common stock upon conversion of the amounts owed or upon exercise of the warrants issued to either Woodford or UCIL
under each’s loan agreement may depress the market price of our common stock and cause substantial dilution. As of December 31, 2024,
per the Company’s books and records, we had borrowed $798,351 under the Loan Agreement to Woodford and $14,783 from UCIL [after
conversion of $682,859 from convertible debt to equity by UCIL in August of 2024]. Amounts borrowed can be repaid at any time without
penalty and accrue interest per the terms and conditions of each loan agreement. Amounts borrowed may, at each lender’s option,
be converted into shares of common stock, beginning 60 days after the first loan date at the rate of 80% of the lowest publicly available
price per share of Company common stock. 55 In
addition, in connection with the loan agreements we agreed to grant warrants to each of Woodford and UCIL to purchase up to 15% of the
shares of common stock that were then issued and outstanding, each with an exercise price equal to the average of the closing price for
each of the ten days prior to the drawing of the first tranche. In the event we fail to repay the amounts borrowed when due or either
lender fails to convert the amount owed into shares of common stock, the exercise price of the warrants may be offset by amounts owed,
and in such case, the exercise price of the warrants will be subject to a further discount. If
sequential conversions of amounts owed under either loan agreement or warrants are exercised, and sales of such resulting shares of common
stock take place, the price of our common stock may decline, and as a result, the lender will be entitled to receive an increasing number
of shares of common stock, which shares could then be sold in the market, triggering further price declines and conversions or exercises
for even larger numbers of shares, to the detriment of our investors. The shares of common stock issued may, under certain conditions,
be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144. As a result, the sale of these shares may adversely affect the market price, if any,
of our common stock. Additionally,
the issuance of common stock upon conversion of the amounts owed under either loan agreement or the exercise of warrants will result
in immediate and substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders. On
June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of its Loan Agreement with Woodford (the “Loan Agreement Amendment”).
The Loan Agreement Amendment provides that Woodford shall henceforth be able to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding balance
of its loan into the conversion shares at a conversion price that represents a further 25% discount to the original conversion price
of 20%. The validity and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. We
currently owe a significant amount of money under our Loan Agreements which we may not be able to repay. As of the date of this Report
per our books and records, we owe approximately: $798,351 under the Amended and Restated Woodford Loan Agreement; $697,642  under
the UCIL Amendment; and $1,210,000 under the Univest Placement Agent Agreement. Currently, we do not have sufficient
funds to repay such amounts. A high level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. If the amounts
owed under any undisputed loan agreements are not converted into common stock pursuant to the terms and conditions, we may not be able
to pay the principal or interest on the loan, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay
or refinance such debt. If we do not have sufficient funds and are otherwise unable to arrange financing or raise additional funds, we
may have to sell significant assets or have a portion of our assets foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause any investment in the Company to decline in value or become worthless. General

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components
may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our
offerings. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design
and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software, that could
further degrade the user or customer experience or increase our costs. As such, we could fail to effectively scale and grow our technical
infrastructure to accommodate increased demands. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays or failures resulting
from adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, cyber-attacks, public health emergencies, or other catastrophic
events. We
believe that if our users or customers have a negative experience with our offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected,
users and customers may be less inclined to utilize our products and services or to recommend our offerings to other potential users
and customers. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service could harm our reputation, business, financial condition,
and operating results. Despite
our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, breached due to employee
or contractor error, malfeasance, or other cybersecurity risks or disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks, and the
information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information
could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties,
fines, and the payment of damages, restrictions on our ability to use data, disruption of our operations and the services we provide
to users, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products, services, and systems, which could adversely affect our
business. The
secure maintenance and transmission of personally identifiable information of our users is a critical element of our operations. Our
information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit user information, or those of our customers, service providers, business
partners, or employees may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or that of a third-party service
provider or business partner or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third-party
service provider or business partner. As a result, our users’ information may be lost, disclosed, accessed, or taken without our
users’ consent. We have experienced attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents in the past and anticipate that
it may occur in the future. For example, we expect that we will be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our
information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including cyber-attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop
and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. To date, attempts to breach our systems have not had a material impact
on our business, operations, or financial results, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have a material impact in the future. 28 We
rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive
information, including payment card information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries, or other developments
may result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information
from being breached or compromised. In addition, apps and websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those
obtained through phishing and credential stuffing. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect
or prevent all attempts to breach our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social
engineering, security breaches, or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or
transmitted by our apps, websites, networks, and systems or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including payment card
systems, which may subject us to fines or higher transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to certain payment methods. We and
such third parties may not anticipate or prevent all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party
service providers. In
addition, distributed ledger technology is an emerging technology that offers new capabilities that are not fully proven in use. As with
other novel software products, the computer code underpinning the distributed ledger technology used in our Platform may contain errors,
or function in unexpected ways and may cause the software to break or function incorrectly. Furthermore,
security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees
or by third parties. These risks may increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and applications we use also
increases. Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cybersecurity incidents could result in
unauthorized access to our sites, networks, and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of user information, including users’
personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses, worms,
spyware, or other malware being served from our sites, networks, or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized
content on our sites; interruption, disruption, or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional
personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations, and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party
experts and consultants; or litigation, regulatory action, and other potential liabilities. In the past, we have experienced social engineering,
phishing, malware, and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service attacks, none of which to date has been material to our business;
however, such attacks could in the future have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, and financial condition. If any
of these breaches of security should occur and be material, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could
be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed
to a risk of loss, litigation, or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems
will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy
additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. In
addition, any party who is able to illicitly obtain access to a user’s account could access the user’s transaction data or
personal information, resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or
those of our third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data protection, data security, network, and information
systems security and other laws and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity, negative impact to our brand and
reputation, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. We plan to continue
to devote significant resources to protect against security breaches or we may need in the future to address problems caused by breaches,
including notifying affected users in accordance with regulatory requirements and responding to any resulting litigation, which in turn,
diverts resources from the growth and expansion of our business. Because
we maintain certain information about our users, we are subject to various privacy laws both in the U.S. and internationally. Our failure
to comply with such laws could expose us to penalties, fines, and litigation, and it could adversely impact our reputation and brand,
any of which could adversely affect our business. We
are subject to various privacy laws in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions and we expect that new industry standards, laws and regulations
will continue to be proposed regarding privacy, data protection and information security in many jurisdictions, including the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which went effective January 1, 2020 and the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”),
which went effective on January 1, 2023, which impose obligations for the handling, disclosure and deletion of personal information for
California residents. Virginia and other states have enacted, or are considering enacting, data privacy laws similar to the CCPA. Certain
of these laws, including the CCPA also requires companies to give residents the ability to opt out of the sale of their personal information
and creates potential liability for companies that fail to take adequate steps to protect personal information where that failure results
in a data breach. 29 In
the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (the “GDPR”) significantly expanded the rules on using
personal data and increased the risks of processing personal data. Some of the new requirements include: ● accountability
    and transparency requirements, which require those who control data to demonstrate and record compliance and provide certain detailed
    information to users regarding the ways in which data is used and processed; ● enhanced
    data consent requirements, which includes “explicit” consent with regard to information the regulation classifies as
    sensitive data; ● obligations
    to consider data privacy as new products, services and systems are developed, including ways to limit accessibility of data as well
    as the amount of information collected, processed, and stored; ● constraints
    on using data to profile users; ● obligations
    to provide users with personal data in a usable format on request and to erase personal data in certain circumstances; and ● reporting
    to data protection authorities of potential breaches without undue delay (72 hours, where feasible). Other
foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates, or in which it has it services available, have implemented, or are considering implementing,
data privacy laws and regulations, many of which are similar to the GDPR. Although we attempt to stay current with such developments
in the jurisdictions in which we or our subsidiaries operate, our policies and procedures for compliance with data privacy laws and regulations,
may not be up-to-date or implemented correctly or our management, employees or agents. thereby not complying with current procedures.
Moreover, our third-party agents in foreign jurisdictions may likewise not implement policies and procedures that are the most current
for their jurisdiction, thereby creating a risk factor for us. Failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations may have serious
financial consequences. We could face significant sanctions, statutory damages, and damage to our reputation resulting in a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, business, or financial condition. Our
business could be adversely impacted by changes in the Internet and mobile device accessibility of users. Our
business depends on users’ access to our offerings via a mobile device or personal computer and the Internet. We may operate in
jurisdictions that provide limited data or Internet connectivity, particularly as we expand into foreign markets. Internet access and
access to a mobile device or personal computer are frequently provided by companies with significant market power that could take actions
that degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of consumers’ ability to access our offerings. In addition, the Internet infrastructure
that we and our users rely on in any particular geographic area may be unable to support the demands placed upon it and could interfere
with the speed and availability of our offerings. Any such failure in Internet or mobile device or computer accessibility, even for a
short period of time, could adversely affect our results of business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause
the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. We
operate in a rapidly evolving industry and if we fail to successfully develop, market, or sell new products or adopt new technology platforms,
it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our
Platform and other software products are in a market characterized by rapid technological advances, evolving standards in software and
hardware technology, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements that may render existing products, services, and systems
obsolete. Competitors are continuously upgrading their product offerings with new features, functions, and content. In addition, we may
be required to refine our software and technology platform to address regulatory changes in the markets in which we operate or plan to
operate. In order to become competitive, we may need to periodically modify and enhance our technology platform and service offerings. 30 We
cannot assure you that we will be able to respond to rapid technological or regulatory changes in our industry. In addition, the introduction
of new products or updated versions of existing products and the underlying technology that supports such products has inherent risks,
including, but not limited to, risks concerning: ● product
    quality, including the possibility of software defects, which could result in claims against us or the inability to sell our products; ● the
    accuracy of our estimates of user or customer demand, and the fit of the new products and features with users’ or customers’
    needs; ● the
    need to educate our sales, marketing and services personnel to work with the new products and features, which may strain our resources
    and lengthen sales cycles; ● market
    acceptance of initial product releases; and ● competitor
    product introductions or regulatory changes that render our new products obsolete. Developing,
enhancing and localizing software is expensive, and the investment in product development may involve a long payback cycle. However,
we believe that we must dedicate a significant number of resources to our developmental efforts to maintain our competitive position.
However, funding for such development efforts may not be available on favorable terms if at all, and we may not receive significant revenue
from these investments for several years, if at all. In addition, as we or our competitors introduce new or enhanced offerings, the demand
for our offerings, may decline. We
may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our technology and network infrastructure to ensure that our Platform is accessible, which
would adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. Once
we fully resume operations, we expect to make significant investments to improve the availability of our Platform and to enable rapid
releases of new features and services, funding permitting. However, it may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the
availability of our Platform, especially during peak usage times and as our Platform becomes more complex and if our user and customer
traffic increase. If our Platform is unavailable when users and customers attempt to access it or it does not respond as quickly as they
expect or it experiences capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users or customers accessing our Platform simultaneously,
users or customers may seek other offerings and may not return to our Platform as often in the future, or at all. This would adversely
affect our ability to attract users and customers and decrease the frequency with which they use our Platform. To the extent that we
do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, or develop our technology and network architecture to
accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would
be adversely affected. Our
Platform may be vulnerable to risks, both foreseen and unforeseen, arising from our application of distributed ledger technology. Prior to the U.S. 2022 Operational
Cessation, our Platform utilized distributed ledger technology by preserving a cryptographic ledger of the user identification, draw identification,
ticket identification, and game numbers into an immutable ledger. The distributed ledger was append-only and kept a complete record of
all changes to the provided data that could not be deleted, modified, or overwritten. Distributed ledger technology is a relatively new,
evolving technology. Accordingly, the further development and future viability of this technology is generally undetermined with practical
and ideological challenges which may affect its further development or integration into our Platform. Regulatory
and Compliance Risks A
jurisdiction may enact, amend, or reinterpret laws and regulations governing our operations in ways that impair our revenues, cause us
to incur additional legal and compliance costs and other operating expenses, or are otherwise not favorable to our existing operations
or planned growth, all of which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. State
and federal laws in the U.S. govern and, in some cases, limit our business practices. For example, the Interstate Wagering Amendment
to 18 U.S.C. § 1301 (the “Interstate Wagering Amendment”) limits our ability to purchase lottery games for a user located
in one state from a lottery authority located in another state, except under certain limited circumstances, such as where the lottery
authorities in the respective states allow the sales. Therefore, for our users located within the U.S., we only purchase lottery games
for users geolocated to be physically situated within the U.S. state or jurisdiction where the lottery game they are purchasing is being
conducted, unless an exception were to be authorized by the applicable lottery authorities. 31 In
addition, our business is subject to extensive regulation by multiple domestic and foreign governmental authorities and the laws and
regulations governing companies conducting sweepstakes and lottery related operations on the Internet and over mobile networks and purchasing
of lottery tickets on behalf of others. Such laws and regulations within U.S. and international jurisdictions are subject to change and
the effect of such changes on our ongoing and potential operations cannot be predicted with certainty. Governmental authorities continually
evaluate a wide range of issues that impact the mobile and online lottery and gaming industries. As a result, a jurisdiction may enact,
amend, or reinterpret laws and regulations governing our operations in ways that impair our revenues, cause us to incur additional legal
and compliance costs and other operating expenses, or are otherwise not favorable to our existing operations or planned growth, all of
which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. There
have been several proposed state and federal bills to prohibit or restrict interactive or online lottery sales, some of which have been
successful. For example, in 2015, the Minnesota legislature passed an amendment to the state’s lottery law prohibiting the sale
of scratch lottery tickets over the Internet. In certain jurisdictions, the sale of lottery tickets through couriers is expressly unlawful.
Laws restricting the sale of lottery tickets via the Internet, through mobile networks or by courier, or that otherwise materially impact
our operations, including those relating to sweepstakes, may be proposed or passed in the future at either the federal or state level
or by foreign governments. Any proposal or passage of such laws may reduce our revenues or require us to expend a significant amount
of our funds and resources and incur additional legal and other expenses, thereby creating a material adverse effect on us or our results
of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. Changes
in the executive branches of government in the U.S. as well as in foreign countries, may affect policies on lotteries and mobile gaming.
For example, variations in the interpretation of The Federal Wire Act of 1961 (the “Wire Act”) by the Office of Legal Counsel
(the “OLC”) of the Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) have had a material impact on the online gaming and lottery
industry within the U.S. For more information, see “ If there is a final determination on the applicability of the Wire Act to
our operations and it is determined or codified that the Wire Act extends to transmission of lottery games in interstate or foreign commerce,
certain of our operations that are not currently restricted by statute or practice to a state’s territorial boundaries may be negatively
impacted or eliminated, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. ”
We have and may from time to time in the future retain government affairs specialists in domestic and international jurisdictions to
advise elected and appointed officials regarding our perspectives on legislation and regulations related to lottery and other aspects
of our business, to monitor such legislation and regulations, and to otherwise provide us with advice regarding our relations with such
officials. Such efforts, however, may not be successful in whole or in part and changes in such laws or policies could have a material
adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. We
cannot ensure that our activities or the activities of those third parties with whom we do business will not become the subject of regulatory
or law enforcement proceedings. Further, lottery regulatory associations, including the Multi-State Lottery Association (the “MUSL”),
and certain lottery entities both domestically and internationally exercise significant authority regarding the means and manner in which
the lottery and its products are marketed and sold as well as the equipment, technology and services deployed by retailers and resellers
of such lottery products. Our activities or the activities of those third parties with whom we do business may become the subject of
further inquiries, investigations or enforcement proceedings by such authorities or entities. Any such proceeding by regulatory or law
enforcement or associations or entities may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial
condition. 32 If
there is a final determination on the applicability of the Wire Act to our operations and it is determined or codified that the Wire
Act extends to transmission of lottery games in interstate or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently restricted
by statute or practice to a state’s territorial boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated, which may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. The
Wire Act of 1961 provides that anyone engaged in the business of betting or wagering that knowingly uses a wire communication facility
for the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets or wagers or information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers on
any sporting event or contest, or for the transmission of a wire communication that entitles the recipient to receive money or credit
as a result of such bets or wagers, or for information assisting in the placing of such bets or wagers, may be fined or imprisoned, or
both. However, the Wire Act provides that it shall not be construed to prevent the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of
information for use in news reporting of sporting events or contests, or for the transmission of information assisting in the placing
of bets or wagers on a sporting event or contest from a state or foreign country where betting on that sporting event or contest is legal. Until
2011, there was uncertainty as to whether the Wire Act prohibited the conduct of intrastate lottery transactions via the Internet by
U.S. states if such transactions crossed state lines. Essentially, there was a debate with regard to whether all of the prohibitions
in the Wire Act applied only to bets or wagers on a “sporting event or contest” as used in the Wire Act, or all bets or wagers.
In late 2011, the OLC issued an opinion that concluded the conduct prohibited by the Wire Act was limited to sports gambling (the “2011
DOJ Opinion”). Following the issuance of the 2011 DOJ Opinion, six state lotteries offered internet sales of scratch lottery games
to in-state customers, and several other states allowed subscription sales of draw games via the Internet. Notably, in 2017, the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania authorized the Pennsylvania Lottery to distribute lottery products, including scratch ticket games, through numerous
channels that included web applications, mobile applications, and social media. In
January 2019, the OLC issued the 2019 Opinion, which concluded that the restrictions in the Wire Act on the transmission in interstate
or foreign commerce of bets and wagers was not limited to sports gambling but applied to all bets and wagers, including those involving
state lotteries. Multiple lawsuits were filed challenging the validity of the 2019 Opinion. On
June 3, 2019, the federal district court in New Hampshire determined that the Wire Act applies exclusively to sports gambling and set
aside the 2019 Opinion. The New Hampshire federal district court declined, however, to issue a nationwide injunction in the case. On
August 16, 2019, the DOJ appealed the New Hampshire federal district court’s decision to the First Circuit. On
January 20, 2021, the First Circuit affirmed the District Court’s decision, determining that the Wire Act applies only to interstate
wire communications related to sporting events or contests. Finding that the declaratory judgment was an adequate remedy at law, the
First Circuit declined to set aside the 2019 Opinion under the Administrative Procedure Act. In addition to the First Circuit’s
decision, the Fifth Circuit has previously held the Wire Act prohibitions apply only to sports gambling. On
September 15, 2022, the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island entered an order siding with the First Circuit’s
interpretation of the Wire Act and holding that “the Wire Act applies only to ‘bets or wagers on any sporting event or contest.” Notwithstanding
the above, currently, there is no definitive ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court on the issue, and the courts in other U.S. Circuits might
take a different position. Because many of the Company’s operations occur outside the jurisdiction of the First Circuit and the
Fifth Circuit, and because the First Circuit did not set aside the 2019 Opinion, we are still monitoring the potential impact of the
2019 Opinion on our business. If courts outside the First Circuit, Fifth Circuit or the U.S. Supreme Court take a different position
on the applicability of the Wire Act to our operations, the Wire Act may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions,
and results of operations. Should it ultimately be determined or codified that the Wire Act extends to transmission of
lottery games in interstate or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently restricted by statute or practice to
a state’s territorial boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated. Further, in such event, the DOJ or other federal regulatory
authorities may determine that the manner in which we operate our technology is deemed to be interstate or foreign commerce and accordingly
a violation of such interpretation of the Wire Act. Either event could have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations,
cash flow, or financial condition, could force us to cease our operations (if any), seek bankruptcy protection, and could further subject
us to litigation, fines and penalties. 33 If
the Interstate Wagering Amendment is interpreted or applied to prohibit transmissions to foreign countries, it could have a negative
impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Various
federal laws prohibit the transportation of lottery tickets, advertisements, and paraphernalia in interstate or foreign commerce or through
the mail, except under certain circumstances. Generally, such laws do not apply to state or charitable lotteries conducted in accordance
with the laws of the state in which such lottery is operated. The Interstate Wagering Amendment, enacted in 1994, sought to close a “loophole”
in the federal laws allowing the sale of lottery tickets across state lines “via computer transaction with no paper crossing state
lines.” The
Interstate Wagering Amendment specifically provides: “Whoever . . . being engaged in the business of procuring for a person in
1 State such a ticket, chance, share or interest in a lottery, gift, [sic] enterprise or similar scheme conducted by another State (unless
that business is permitted under an agreement between the States in question or appropriate authorities of those States), knowingly transmits
in interstate or foreign commerce information to be used for the purpose of procuring such a ticket, chance, share, or interest”
shall have committed an offense under 18 U.S.C. § 1301. Unless
covered by one of the exceptions, therefore, we are prohibited from transporting lottery tickets across state lines or transmitting information
to be used for the purpose of procuring a lottery ticket for a lottery conducted by a state to a person in another state. “State”
is defined as “a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any territory or possession
of the United States.” The definition of “foreign government” on the other hand, expressly excludes U.S. states and
territories. Based on the use of the words “1 State” and “another State” and the omission of the term “foreign
country”, we believe the Interstate Wagering Amendment does not prohibit transmission of information for the purpose of procuring
tickets for persons in foreign countries. If
the Interstate Wagering Amendment is interpreted or applied to prohibit transmissions to foreign countries, however, it could have a
negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline
or become worthless. Additionally, reinterpretation of the Wire Act to prohibit transmissions of information to foreign countries for
the purpose of procuring such tickets could also negatively impact our business. For more information, see “ Regulatory and Compliance
Risks - If there is a final determination on the applicability of the Wire Act to our operations and it is determined or codified that
the Wire Act extends to transmission of lottery games in interstate or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently
restricted by statute or practice to a state’s territorial boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated, which may have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. ” Our
business model and the conduct of our operations may have to vary in each U.S. jurisdiction where we do business to address the unique
features of applicable law to ensure we remain in compliance with that jurisdiction’s laws. Our failure to adequately do so may
have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Lottery
laws vary among U.S. jurisdictions. This means that our business model and the conduct of our operations may have to vary in each jurisdiction
where we do business to ensure we remain in compliance with applicable laws. For example, some jurisdictions prohibit lottery ticket
courier services, while some jurisdictions in the U.S. prohibit charging certain fees to the user, and further still, some jurisdictions
require us to be licensed or registered, which will require us to incur certain costs in connection with the licensing or registration
process. In each U.S. jurisdiction, we may be required to structure our business model and conduct our operations differently to address
the unique features of applicable law. Many
of the U.S. jurisdictions in which we have historically done business or anticipate doing business in the future require that lottery
game tickets be sold only by licensed retailers and prohibit sale or resale of lottery tickets at prices in excess of the purchase price
designated by the applicable regulatory authority. Because lottery tickets are typically considered bearer instruments, we can purchase
tickets on behalf of our users and customers and charge certain service fees within the limits of the applicable laws in each U.S. jurisdiction.
In most cases, with Virginia being a notable exception, the laws do not specifically prohibit users from engaging our services to purchase
lottery tickets on their behalf. However, certain types of fees are prohibited in certain jurisdictions. For example, Pennsylvania prohibits
“any fee associated with the acquisition or transportation of lottery tickets or shares” and Illinois law prohibits service
charges, handling fees or other costs added to the established price of a ticket. In those states and other states with similar prohibitions,
we need to structure our business model to comply with the relevant laws while still endeavoring to operate profitably. 34 If
a U.S. jurisdiction prohibits our services, imposes onerous licensing or regulatory requirements, or imposes restrictions on the fees
we charge, either by enacting new statutes or regulations or by reinterpreting existing statutes and regulations, such restrictions and
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition, force us to change
our operations in that state, or cease operations in that state altogether. In
some jurisdictions our key executives, certain employees, or other individuals related to our business may be subject to licensing or
compliance requirements. Failure by such individuals to obtain the necessary licenses or comply with individual regulatory obligations,
could cause our business to be non-compliant with such obligations, or imperil our ability to obtain or maintain licenses that may be
necessary for the conduct of our business. In some cases, the remedy to such a situation may require the removal of a key executive or
employee and the mandatory redemption or transfer of such person’s equity securities. We
may determine or be required to secure licenses from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over lottery operations
in new markets in which we contemplate expansion. Such licensure may impose additional obligations on us and our operations, which may
include continuous disclosure to and an investigation by the applicable regulatory authority into the financial stability, integrity
and business experience of the Company, its affiliates, and their respective significant stockholders, directors, officers, and key employees.
In markets in which we have not previously operated or in newly regulated markets, licensing regimes may impose licensing requirements
or conditions with which we have not previously been required to comply, which may include locating technical infrastructure within the
relevant territory, establishing real-time data interfaces with the regulatory authority, implementing consumer protection, responsible
gaming and privacy measures, or additional approvals or certifications of our technology, all of which may present operational challenges
and material costs, and any of which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. (a)
To the extent that any stockholder, director, officer or key employee is required to submit to required background checks and provide
disclosure and fails to do so, or the Company fail to do so to the satisfaction of the relevant regulatory authority, such failure may
jeopardize the grant of a license, provide grounds for termination of an existing license, or result in the imposition of penalties.
Generally, any person or entity that fails or refuses to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within the prescribed period
after being advised by a competent authority that they are required to do so may be denied a license or found unsuitable, as applicable,
which may result in our being required to sever our relationship with such person or entity. Further, we may be subject to disciplinary
action or suffer revocation of licensure if, following notification that a person or entity is disqualified or unsuitable, we: pay them
any dividend or interest upon our shares; (b) allow them to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through the
shares they hold; (c) pay them remuneration in any form for services rendered or otherwise; or (d) if required, fail to pursue all lawful
efforts to terminate their association with the Company or require them to relinquish their shares. In
some U.S. jurisdictions, certain stockholders may also be required to file applications or submit to background checks. While such requirements
typically apply only to stockholders in excess of certain thresholds (such as five or ten percent of the outstanding shares) or to stockholders
who also have an active role in the Company, we cannot ensure that such jurisdictions might not seek licensure of additional stockholders
in the future. We
cannot ensure that our activities will remain in compliance or that we will continue to receive all licenses for
which we apply. The failure to receive a license, could have a material adverse effect on
us or on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Gaming
and lottery authorities may revoke or suspend licenses, levy fines against us, or seize certain of our assets if we violate gaming regulations.
We cannot ensure that we will be able to obtain the necessary licenses or approvals or that the licensing process will not
result in delays or adversely affect our operations. Disciplinary action against a license holder in one jurisdiction could lead regulators
in other jurisdictions to pursue similar action. 35 We
cannot ensure that regulatory or governmental authorities will not seek to restrict our business in their jurisdictions or institute
enforcement proceedings against us. We cannot ensure that any instituted enforcement proceedings will be favorably resolved, or that
such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain and renew existing licenses or to obtain new licenses. We
plan to continually develop internal compliance programs and requirements in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal requirements
imposed in connection with our activities and generally applicable to all publicly traded companies, however, we cannot ensure that they
will prevent the violation of one or more laws in any jurisdiction in which we conduct business, which may have an adverse impact on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
plan to continually develop internal compliance programs in ongoing efforts to ensure our compliance with legal requirements imposed
in connection with our business activities and with legal requirements generally applicable to all publicly traded companies. While we
are firmly committed to full compliance with all applicable laws, and plan to continue to establish appropriate procedures and policies,
we cannot ensure that our compliance program will prevent the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us,
an employee, a customer, a subsidiary or an affiliate will not result in the imposition of a monetary fine or suspension or revocation
of one or more of our governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals, which could have a material
adverse effect on us or on our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. While
we are confident that we will face additional regulatory requirements as we expand, we cannot predict the effect of future regulatory
requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which such requirements might be enforced. The compliance policies
and procedures we implement may not always be followed at all times by directors, management, employees, agents, partners and other related
parties, whether through neglect or intention. Our policies and procedures have not and may not effectively detect and prevent violations
of applicable laws by one or more of our directors, management, employees, agents, partners, customers, affiliates, or other related
or third parties. As a result, we or our directors, management, employees, agents, partners, customers, affiliates, or other related
or third parties could be subject to investigations, criminal and civil penalties, sanctions or other enforcement measures that in
turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. We
take our corporate responsibility to our users, customers, and the requirements of the regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in
which we operate very seriously and are focused on maintaining a safe and responsible gaming environment. Our failure to remain in compliance
with underage and responsible gaming requirements or any amendments or additions to such requirements could have a material adverse effect
on us, our reputation and brand, or on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We
are committed to compliance with the underage and responsible gaming requirements set forth in the domestic and international statutes
and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business and, as applicable, that govern our operations. We take our corporate responsibility
to our users, customers and the regulators in the jurisdictions in which we operate very seriously and are focused on maintaining a safe
and responsible gaming environment. We will continue to evaluate and develop our technology to meet the statutory requirements regarding
responsible gaming and self-exclusion as well as our own self-imposed objectives regarding corporate social responsibility, as demonstrated
by our ongoing compliance objectives and policies. All
of the U.S. jurisdictions and most of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate prohibit sales of lottery tickets to persons under
18 years of age. We have instituted know-your-customer requirements to aid our efforts in identifying minors and preventing them from
using our services. In many cases, these requirements apply to our lottery retailer partners and may not apply to us. Nevertheless, if
we fail to abide by these requirements, our partners may be reluctant to do business with us or the applicable regulatory authorities
may amend the requirements to apply specifically to us, to the extent that they do not already do so. Many
jurisdictions, especially foreign jurisdictions, are imposing more stringent rules with regard to underage and responsible gaming. This
trend could continue to spread and both U.S. and foreign jurisdictions may strengthen underage and responsible gaming requirements. In
the event that any jurisdiction in which we operate mandates additional requirements regarding corporate social responsibility, responsible
gaming, self-exclusion, or similar mandates, we may be required to undertake additional technological initiatives to remain in compliance.
Implementation of any such initiatives may present operational challenges and material costs and divert the attention of management and
our systems developers and engineers, any of which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow,
or financial condition. The failure to remain in compliance with underage and responsible gaming requirements or any amendments or additions
to such requirements could have a material adverse effect on us or on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 36 We
are subject to governmental laws and requirements of the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate regarding anti-bribery,
anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering, and counter-terror financing. Alleged or actual violation of any
of these laws or requirements could negatively impact our brand and reputation, our ability to obtain or maintain any governmental licenses,
findings of suitability, registrations, permits, and approvals, any of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. As
a digital company operating within the U.S. and subject to the jurisdiction of various foreign governments and regulatory agencies, we
are accordingly subject to domestic and foreign laws regarding anti-bribery, anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money
laundering, and counter-terror financing. Our
operations and our growth plans, including in connection with our intent to expand into new markets and undertake strategic acquisitions
when we have sufficient funding to do so, may bring our officers, directors, employees, and representatives into contact with “foreign
officials” responsible for issuing or renewing governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals,
or for otherwise enforcing governmental regulations and requirements. In our contact with such foreign officials, we are required to
comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which
include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “U.K. Bribery Act”),
as well as corresponding laws and regulations of the other countries where we do business. The FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other
applicable laws prohibit us and our officers, directors, employees, and business partners acting on our behalf, from corruptly offering,
promising, authorizing, or providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining
or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The U.K. Bribery Act also prohibits non-governmental “commercial”
bribery and accepting bribes. Our operations, trade practices, investment decisions, and partnering activities may be restricted as a
result. In
addition, some of the foreign locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and may experience elevated levels of corruption.
Our foreign operations expose us to the risk of inadvertently violating, or being accused of violating, anti-corruption laws and regulations.
Our failure to successfully comply with any such laws and regulations may expose us to brand and reputational harm, as well as significant
sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, and injunctions, as well as impacting our
ability to maintain or obtain any governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals. Further, investigations
of alleged violations can result in substantial costs, fines, or penalties and diversion of our resources. We are continuously developing,
monitoring and maintaining the various governmental requirements to comply with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, however,
there is no certainty that they will effectively prevent violations for which we may be held responsible, or at all. We
are currently required to comply with U.S. economic and trade sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office
of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). Our Platform may be accessible from a sanctioned country in violation of applicable trade
and economic sanctions. As part of our ongoing compliance efforts, we are implementing requirements to ensure that we do not violate
these laws and regulations, however, our failure to adequately fulfill such requirements, fully perform any and all compliance requirements,
or otherwise breach any compliance requirements of the OFAC could result in our being subject to penalties, fines or other enforcement
actions. We
process, support and execute financial transactions as part of our business and disburse funds on behalf of certain of our users, including
receiving payment card information and processing payments for and due to our users. Accordingly, we may be subject to various U.S. and
foreign government anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations that prohibit, among other things, involvement
in transferring the proceeds, in whole or in part, for criminal or terrorist activities, including, for example, in the U.S., the Bank
Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended (the “BSA”), and certain provisions of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the “Patriot Act”). Although we have developed
a risk-based anti-money laundering program that we are implementing, in the event that we breach any of these laws and regulations that
are applicable to us, we could be subject to significant civil fines, penalties, inquiries, audits, investigations, enforcement actions,
and criminal and civil liability. 37 Any
failure on our part to implement, maintain or follow the necessary processes and policies to comply with these regulations and requirements,
or to adapt our processes and policies to changes in laws or regulations would adversely impact our brand and reputation, or our ability
to obtain or maintain any governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals, and would negatively
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
are subject to domestic and foreign laws relating to processing certain financial transactions, including payment card transactions,
and failure to comply with those laws, even if inadvertent, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. As
a result of our undertaking certain payment transactions on behalf of certain of our users, including receiving payment card information
and processing payments, we have been subject and may continue to be subject to or we may voluntarily comply with a number of rules,
laws and regulations relating to privacy and information security, electronic fund transfers, payment services and convenience fees.
If we were found to be in violation of applicable rules, laws and regulations, we could be subject to additional liability, including
card association and governmental fines or other sanctions, and we could be forced to otherwise change our business practices in certain
jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals. We
have implemented procedures and continue to implement policies and procedures to preserve and protect payment data against loss, corruption,
misappropriation caused by systems failures, unauthorized access or misuse. However, to the extent we retain our user’s data, we
could be subject to liability claims by users for the misuse of that information, which could negatively impact our ability to utilize
certain payment cards, or undertake certain transactions, which could disrupt our business. Failure to comply with these rules and laws
may subject us to, among other things, additional costs or changes to our business practices, liability for monetary damages, fines or
criminal prosecution, reputation and brand damage, and restrictions on our ability to process and support financial transactions, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Tax
and other regulatory authorities may successfully assert that we have not properly collected or remitted withholding taxes, and as a
result may successfully impose additional obligations, fines, penalties or other financial liability on us, any of which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Federal
tax rules generally require payers to report payments to unrelated parties to the Internal Revenue Service. In the event of our failure
to comply with such reporting obligations, due to failure in the application of our judgment in evaluating our obligations, our effective
compliance with our internal process and its execution, or with respect to the process and manner in which we calculate and remit amounts
due and owing to taxing authorities timely or at all, could subject us to brand and reputational damage, fines, penalties, and other
financial liability, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of
our securities to decline or become worthless. In
certain instances, we have collected and remitted applicable withholding taxes in the claims and redemption process. Regulatory and tax
authorities may raise questions about, or challenge or disagree with, this practice, or in the application of our judgment in evaluating
our obligations, our effective compliance with our internal process and its execution, or with respect to the process and the manner
in which taxes are calculated, remitted and withheld as a result. A successful assertion by one or more regulatory or tax authorities
requiring us to alter our practice could result in brand and reputational damage, fines, penalties and other financial liability, or
discourage our users and commercial partners from using our Platform, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and
results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. Human
Capital Risks Our
success will depend on our ability to hire employees in the future. Recruitment and retention of these individuals is vital to growing
our business and our executing our business plans. The loss of any of our key executives or other key employees could harm our business. Except for those
employed in our foreign subsidiaries (e.g. Aganar and JuegaLotto), we currently have nine employees who manage and operate our
business, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, other employees as well as
thirteen key outside contractors. While we have experienced significant turnover of our executive officers in past years, we expect
that the leadership of our current key executives and employees will be a critical element of our success in the future. The
departure, death or disability of any one of our executive officers or employees or other extended or permanent loss of any of their
services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to any of them or their loss, could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 38 In addition, our failure to re-hire,
or hire new employees in the future may limit our ability to restart our business operations and generate revenue. We believe our success
and our ability to compete and grow following the U.S. 2022 Operational Cessation will depend in large part on the efforts and talents
of our current and future employees and on our ability to retain highly skilled personnel. The competition for these types of personnel
is intense and we compete with other potential employers for the services of appropriately skilled employees. As a result, we may not
succeed in hiring and retaining the executives and other key employees that we need. Employees, particularly highly skilled developers
and engineers are in high demand, and we will need to devote significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating
and retaining such employees, including significant financial resources, which we may not have when needed. We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to attract or retain such highly qualified personnel in the future. In addition, the loss of future employees or
the inability to hire skilled employees as necessary could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement
personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. If
we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may
be unable to grow effectively and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed. Illegal,
improper, or otherwise inappropriate activity of our couriers, whether or not occurring while performing their duties for us, could expose
us to liability and adversely affect our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, and results of operations. Illegal,
improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities by our couriers, including the activities of individuals who may have previously engaged
with, but are not then receiving or providing services offered through, our Platform or individuals who are intentionally impersonating
users or couriers or the activities of couriers while purchasing lottery game tickets, may occur, which could adversely affect our reputation,
brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless.
These activities may include attempted theft, unauthorized use of payment card or financial account information, user identity theft,
theft of lottery games, and other misconduct. Such activities may result in injuries or damage for users and third parties, or business
interruptions, reputational and brand damage, or other significant liabilities for us. While
we have implemented various measures intended to anticipate, identify, and address the risk of these types of activities, these measures
may not adequately address or prevent all illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activity by these parties from occurring and
such conduct could expose us to liability, including through litigation, or adversely affect our brand or reputation. At the same time,
if the measures we have taken to guard against these illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities, such as our requirement
that all couriers undergo a background check, are too restrictive and inadvertently prevent couriers and users otherwise in good standing
from using our Platform, or if we are unable to implement and communicate these measures fairly and transparently or are perceived to
have failed to do so, the growth and engagement of the number of couriers and users on our Platform and their use of our Platform could
be adversely affected. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations
and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. Risks
Relating to our Dependence on Third Parties Our
business model depends upon the compatibility between our B2C Platform and the major mobile and other operating systems and upon third-party
platforms for the distribution of our product offerings. If Google Play or the Apple App Store or other mobile download sites prevent
users from downloading our apps or if our advertising is blocked or rejected from being delivered to our users, our ability to grow our
revenue, profitability, and prospects may be adversely affected. When
operational, our users access our B2C Platform product offerings on mobile devices and various web applications, and accordingly, our
business model depends upon the compatibility between our application and all major mobile and web operating systems. Third parties with
whom we do not have any formal relationships control the design of such devices and operating systems. These parties frequently introduce
new devices, and from time to time they may introduce new operating systems or modify existing ones. Network carriers may also impact
the ability to download applications or access specified content on mobile devices. 39 In
addition, when operational, we rely upon third-party platforms for distribution of our product offerings. The Google Play store and Apple
App Store are global application distribution platforms and have been the main distribution channels for our application. As such, the
promotion, distribution and operation of our application are subject to the respective distribution platforms’ standard terms and
policies for application developers which are very broad and subject to frequent changes and interpretations. Furthermore, the distribution
platforms may not enforce their standard terms and policies for application developers consistently and uniformly across all applications
and with such publishers. There
is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will support or feature our product offerings when operational, or that mobile device users
will continue to use our product offerings rather than competing products. We are dependent on the interoperability of our technology
with popular mobile and web operating systems, technologies, networks and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS
operating systems, and any changes, bugs, technical or regulatory issues in such systems, our relationships with mobile manufacturers
and carriers, or in their terms of service or policies that degrade our offerings’ functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability
to distribute our offerings, give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver high quality offerings,
or impose fees or other charges related to delivering our offerings, could adversely affect our product usage and monetization on mobile
devices. Furthermore,
we may not successfully cultivate relationships with key industry participants or develop product offerings that operate effectively
with these technologies, systems, networks, regulations, or standards. If it is difficult for our users to access and use our offerings
on their mobile devices, if our users choose not to access or use our offerings on their mobile devices, or if our users choose to use
mobile products that do not offer access to our offerings, our user growth, retention, and engagement could be seriously harmed. In addition,
if any of the third-party platforms used for distribution of our product offerings were to limit or disable advertising on their platforms,
either because of technological constraints or because the managers of these distribution platforms wished to impair our ability to serve
ads on them, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed. Also, technologies may be developed that can block the display of our ads.
These changes could materially impact the way we do business, and if we or our advertising partners are unable to quickly and effectively
adjust to those changes, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause
the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. We
rely on third-party providers for validation services regarding our users, and if such providers fail to perform adequately, provide
inaccurate information, or we do not maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. We
have relied and expect to rely in the future on third-party providers to assist in some or all of the required validation of the identity,
verification of the age, or geo-location of our prospective users, however, there is no guarantee that such third-party systems will
perform adequately, or at all, or be effective. To the extent that we rely on third parties for our identity, age, or geolocation systems
to ensure that we are in compliance with certain laws and regulations, any service disruption to those systems would prohibit us from
operating our offerings and would adversely affect our business. Additionally, incorrect or misleading geolocation, age, and identity
verification data with respect to current or potential users received from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently
allowing access to our offerings to individuals who should not be permitted to access them, or otherwise inadvertently deny access to
individuals who should be able to access our offerings, in each case based on inaccurate identity or geographic location determination.
When operational, our third-party geolocation services provider relies on its ability to obtain information necessary to determine geolocation
from mobile devices, operating systems, and other sources. When operational, changes, disruptions, or temporary or permanent failure
to access such sources by our third-party services providers may result in their inability to accurately determine the location of our
users. Moreover, our inability to maintain our contracts with third-party services providers, or to replace them with equivalent third
parties, may result in our inability to access geolocation, age and identity verification data necessary for our day-to-day operations.
If any of these risks materializes, we may be subject to disciplinary action, fines, lawsuits, and our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 40 We
rely on third-party payment processors to process payments and withdrawals made by our users, and if we cannot manage our relationships
with such third parties and other payment-related risks, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected. When
operational, we rely on a limited number of third-party payment processors to process payments and withdrawals made by our users. If
any of our third-party payment processors terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew their agreements with us on commercially
reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate payment processor and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such payment
processors in an acceptable time frame. Further, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may not meet
our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose
our ability to accept payments or other payment transactions or make timely payments to our users, any of which could make our technology
less trustworthy and convenient and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain our users. Nearly
all of our payments have been made by credit card, debit card, automated clearing house transactions, or through other third-party payment
services, which subjects us to certain regulations and to the risk of fraud. We may in the future offer new payment options to users
that may be subject to additional regulations and risks. We are also subject to a number of other laws and regulations relating to the
payments we accept from our users and customers, including with respect to money laundering, money transfers, privacy, and information
security. If we fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties, fines or
higher transaction fees and may lose our ability to accept online payments or other payment card transactions, which could make our offerings
less convenient and attractive to our users and customers. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. For
example, if we are deemed to be a money transmitter as defined by applicable regulation, we could be subject to certain laws, rules and
regulations enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the U.S. including numerous state and local agencies who may define
money transmitter differently. Certain states in the U.S. may have a more expansive view of who qualifies as a money transmitter. Additionally,
outside of the U.S., we could be subject to additional laws, rules and regulations related to the provision of payments and financial
services, and if we expand into new jurisdictions, the foreign regulations and regulators governing our business that we are subject
to will expand as well. If we are found to be a money transmitter under any applicable regulation and we are not in compliance with such
regulations, we may be subject to fines or other penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal, state or local regulators,
including state Attorneys General, as well as those levied by foreign regulators. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply
with applicable rules and regulations could include criminal and civil proceedings, forfeiture of significant assets or other enforcement
actions. We could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. Additionally,
our payment processors require us to comply with payment card network operating rules, which are set and interpreted by the payment card
networks. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules in ways that might restrict
or prohibit us from using certain payment methods in providing certain offerings to some users, be costly to implement or difficult to
implement. We have agreed to reimburse our payment processors for fines they are assessed by payment card networks if we or our users
violate these rules. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
technology contains third-party open-source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open-source software
licenses could restrict our ability to provide our offerings. Our
technology contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under “open source” licenses, including the distributed
ledger technology, which we currently use and intend to continue to use in our Platform. Use and distribution of open-source software
may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties,
indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability
of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology. Some
open-source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon
the type of open-source software we use or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our software with open-source
software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open-source licenses, be required to release the source code of our software to
the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could
result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code,
we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. 41 Although
we monitor our use of open-source software to avoid subjecting our technology to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open-source
licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that
could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our technology. From time to time, there
have been claims challenging the ownership of open-source software against companies that incorporate open-source software into their
solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of open-source software in our technology will be effective.
If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could
face infringement or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our offerings on
terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our technology, to discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering
could not be accomplished on a timely basis or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline
or become worthless. If
we cannot license rights to use third-party technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new products or services
in the future. In
the future, we may license third-party technology to develop or commercialize new products or offer new services. In return for the use
of a third-party’s technology, we may agree to pay the licensor royalties based on sales of our products or services. Royalties
are a component of cost of revenue and affect the margins on our products. We may also need to negotiate licenses to use third-party
intellectual property. Our business may suffer if we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all,
if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license or fail to prevent
infringement by third parties, or if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable. We
rely on relationships with lottery organizations from which we acquire lottery data information for the provision of our Data Services.
Loss of existing relationships or failure to expand existing relationships may cause loss of competitive advantage or require us to modify,
limit or discontinue certain offerings, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
rely on relationships with lottery organizations from which we acquire rights to collect and supply lottery data that we provide to our
users and customers. The future success of our Data Service business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and expand
relationships with lottery organizations. We have arrangements with lottery organizations for rights to their data. Our arrangements
with lottery organizations may not continue to be available to us. In the event that we lose existing arrangements or cannot continue
and expand existing arrangements, we may lose our competitive advantage or be required to discontinue or limit our offerings or services.
The loss of such arrangements may cause loss of competitive advantage and could materially adversely affect our financial condition,
business and results of operations. Risks
Relating to Future Growth Our
strategy anticipates substantial growth, and if we fail to adequately scale product offerings and manage our entry into new territories,
our business and reputation may be harmed. Our
business strategy contemplates substantial growth in our user and customer base, and a strategy to capture a larger share of a dynamic
lottery market and shifting demographic, primarily in the U.S. but internationally as well. Our growth has previously placed, and is
expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational and financial resources and our infrastructure.
Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our senior management to manage growth effectively. This will require us
to, among other things: ● implement
    additional management information systems; ● further
    develop our operating, administrative, legal, compliance, financial and accounting system and controls; 42 ● hire
    additional qualified personnel and develop human capital; ● comply
    with additional regulatory regimes, securing licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals; and ● maintain
    close coordination among our engineering, operations, legal, compliance, finance, sales and marketing and customer service and support
    organizations. Failure
to accomplish any of these requirements could adversely affect our ability to deliver our product, service, and systems offerings in
a timely fashion, fulfill existing commitments or attract and retain new users and customers. We
may face difficulties as we expand our operations into new markets in which we have limited or no prior operating experience. Our
capacity for growth depends, in part, on our ability to expand our operations into, and compete effectively in, new local entertainment,
gaming and Online Lottery markets. It may be difficult for us to understand and accurately predict consumer preferences and spending
habits in these new local markets. In addition, each market has unique regulatory dynamics. These include laws and regulations that can
directly or indirectly affect our ability to operate. In addition, each market is subject to distinct competitive and operational dynamics.
These include our ability to offer more attractive products, services and systems than alternative options and our ability to efficiently
attract and retain users and customers, all of which affect our sales, results of operations, and key business metrics. As a result,
we may experience fluctuations in our results of operations due to the changing dynamics in the local markets where we operate. If we
invest substantial time and resources to expand our operations and are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. International Operations Risks The
international scope of our operations may expose us to increased legal and regulatory risks, and our international operations and corporate
and financing structure may expose us to potentially adverse tax consequences. We
have international operations, including in Mexico as a result of the closing of our acquisition in June 2021 of Global Gaming Enterprises,
Inc., which is a majority stockholder of Electronicos y de Comunicacion, S.A.P.I de C.V. and JuegaLotto, S.A. de C.V. The Company has recently launched additional international operations Sports.com Media Group Ltd. and Lottery.com
International Ltd. Accordingly, our
business is subject to risks resulting from differing legal and regulatory requirements, political, social and economic conditions, and
unforeseeable developments in a variety of jurisdictions. Our international operations are subject to the following risks, among others: ● political
    instability; ● international
    hostilities, military actions, wars, terrorist or cyber-terrorist activities, natural disasters, pandemics, and infrastructure disruptions; ● differing
    economic cycles and adverse economic conditions; ● unexpected
    changes in regulatory environments and government interference in the economy, including lottery and gaming, data privacy and advertising
    laws and regulations; 43 ● changes
    to economic and anti-money laundering sanctions, laws and regulations; ● varying
    tax regimes, including with respect to the imposition of withholding taxes on remittances and other payments by our partnerships
    or subsidiaries; ● differing
    labor regulations; ● foreign
    exchange controls and restrictions on repatriation of funds; ● fluctuations
    in currency exchange rates; ● inability
    to collect payments or seek recourse under or comply with ambiguous or vague commercial or other laws; ● insufficient
    protection against product piracy and rights infringement and differing protections for intellectual property rights; ● varying
    attitudes towards lottery games and betting by foreign governments; ● difficulties
    in attracting and retaining qualified management and employees, or rationalizing our workforce; ● differing
    business practices, which may require us to enter into agreements that include non-standard terms; and ● difficulties
    in penetrating new markets due to entrenched competitors, lack of recognition of our brands or lack of local acceptance of our products,
    services and systems. Our
overall success as a global business depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks, and there can
be no assurance that we will be able to do so without incurring unexpected costs. If we are not able to manage the risks related to our
international operations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially affected. We
have expanded our presence internationally, and any future actions or escalations that affect trade relations may cause global economic
turmoil and potentially have a negative impact on our business. In particular, we may have access to fewer business opportunities and
our international operations may be negatively impacted. As
a result of the intended growth of the international scope of our operations and our corporate and financing structure, we may become
subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple jurisdictions. Adverse developments in these laws or regulations,
or any change in position regarding the application, administration or interpretation of these laws or regulations in any applicable
jurisdiction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, changes
in or to the interpretation of the tax laws or tax treaties of the countries in which we operate may adversely affect the manner in which
we have structured our business operations and legal entity structure to efficiently realize income or capital gains and mitigate withholding
taxes and may also subject us to tax and return filing obligations in such countries that do not currently apply to us. Such changes
may increase our tax burden or may cause us to incur additional costs and expenses in compliance with such changes. In addition,
the tax authorities in any applicable jurisdiction may disagree with the positions we have taken or intend to take regarding the tax
treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, including the tax treatment or characterization of our indebtedness. If any
applicable tax authorities were to successfully challenge the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, it could
result in the disallowance of deductions, the imposition of withholding taxes, the reallocation of income or other consequences that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, the U.S. Congress, the U.K. Government, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”),
and other government agencies have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. Further, the
introduction of a digital services tax, such as the U.K. digital services tax introduced with effect from April 1, 2020, may increase
our tax burden, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, the international
scope of our business operations could subject us to multiple overlapping tax regimes that can make it difficult to determine what our
obligations are in particular situations. 44 Fluctuating
foreign currency and exchange rates may negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial position. Due
to our foreign operations, a portion of our business is denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency
and exchange rates may have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. Foreign currency exchange rates
have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. Significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our international
revenue, which in turn would affect our consolidated revenue. Currencies may be affected by internal factors, general economic conditions
and external developments in other countries, all of which can have an adverse impact on a country’s currency. Currently, we are
not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. We may seek to enter into hedging
transactions in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all. We cannot
predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. Further, significant foreign exchange fluctuations resulting in
a decline in the respective local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenues and earnings
from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position. Intellectual
Property Risks If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights or prevent its unauthorized use by third parties, our ability
to compete in the market or our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. We
have and continue to seek to protect our intellectual property to ensure that our competitors do not use such intellectual property.
However, intellectual property laws in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions may afford differing and limited protection, may not permit
us to gain or maintain a competitive advantage, and may not prevent our competitors from duplicating our products, designing around our
proprietary products or technology, or gaining access to our proprietary information and technology, and are costly and time consuming. Our
success may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain trademark protection for the names or symbols under which we market our products
and to obtain copyright protection, which may not always be successful. Also, we are continually evaluating opportunities to file patents.
Any future patent applications we hold or have rights to may not result in an issued patent, and if patents are issued, they may not
necessarily provide meaningful protection against competitors and competitive technologies or adequately protect our then-current technologies.
Additionally, even if granted, we may not be able to build and maintain goodwill in our trademarks or obtain trademark or patent protection,
and there can be no assurance that any trademark, copyright, or issued patent will provide competitive advantages for us or that our
intellectual property will not be successfully challenged or circumvented by competitors. As
of December 31, 2024, we had one trademark, “Lottery.com”, registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. As of December
31, 2024, the registrations of our LOTTERY.COM word marks was pending with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. In March 2023, the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office denied the registration of the SPORTS.COM word mark and the appeal period has expired. We are also using
or have common-law trademark rights in the trademarks AUTOLOTTO, SPORTS.COM, and “TAP, TAP, TICKET.” We
may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or trade secrets. For example, there can be
no assurance that consultants, vendors, partners, former employees, or current employees and contractors will not breach their obligations
regarding non-disclosure and restrictions on use. Anyone could seek to challenge, invalidate, circumvent, or render unenforceable any
trademark or patent that we seek protection over in the future. We may not be able to detect the unauthorized use of our intellectual
property, prevent breaches of our cybersecurity efforts, or take appropriate steps to enforce our proprietary or intellectual property
rights effectively. In addition, certain contractual provisions, including restrictions on use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of
software, may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions. We
intend to enforce our intellectual property rights, and from time to time may initiate claims against third parties that we believe are
infringing our intellectual property rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly,
time-consuming, and distracting to management, could fail to obtain the results sought, and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, business, and financial condition. 45 The
intellectual property rights of others, including claims of third parties that we are infringing on their intellectual property and proprietary
rights, may prevent us from developing new products, services and systems, entering new markets or may expose us to significant license
fees, liability, or costly litigation. Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to continually adapt our business activities, products, services, and systems to incorporate
new technologies and to expand into entertainment and gaming markets that may be created by new technologies. If technologies are protected
by the intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, we may be prevented from introducing products, services or
systems based on these technologies or expanding into markets created by these technologies. If the intellectual property rights of others
prevent us from taking advantage of innovative technologies, our prospects, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition
may be adversely affected. Our
business activities, products, services, and systems may infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, and other parties may assert
infringement claims against us. In addition to infringement claims, third parties may allege claims of invalidity or unenforceability
against us or against our licensees or manufacturers in connection with their use of our technology. A successful challenge to, or invalidation
of, one of our intellectual property interests, a successful claim of infringement by a third party against us, our business activities,
products, services and systems, or one of our licensees in connection with the use of our technologies, or an unsuccessful claim of infringement
made by us against a third party or its business activities, products, services and systems could adversely affect our business or cause
us financial harm. Any such claim and any resulting litigation, should it occur, could: ● be
    expensive and time consuming to defend or require us to pay significant amounts in damages; ● invalidate
    our proprietary rights; ● cause
    us to cease making, licensing or using products, services or systems that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; ● require
    us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products, services or systems or limit our ability to bring new products, services or systems
    to the market in the future; ● require
    us to enter into costly or burdensome royalty, licensing or settlement agreements in order to obtain the right to undertake a business
    activity or use a product, process or component; ● impact
    the commercial viability of the products, services and systems that are the subject of the claim during the pendency of such claim;
    and ● require
    us by way of injunction to remove products, services, or systems or stop implementing the business practice, or stop selling or offering
    new products, services. Legal
Proceedings Risks We
are party to pending litigation and investigations in various jurisdictions and with various plaintiffs and we may be subject to future
litigation or investigations in the operation of our business. An adverse outcome in one or more proceedings could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
are, and have been party to, and we may in the future increasingly face the risk of, claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other proceedings,
including those which may involve securities, competition and antitrust, anti-money laundering, OFAC, regulatory, lottery or gaming,
intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility claims, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, services and
other matters. Litigation to defend us against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties,
may be necessary, which could result in substantial costs, fines or penalties and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become
worthless. For example, as described in more detail in Item 3. Legal Proceedings, the TinBu Plaintiffs (as defined below) filed a claim
against the Company for breach of contract and misrepresentation. If the lawsuit results in an unfavorable judgment against the Company,
our Data Services business could be negatively impacted, and we may lose some of TinBu’s well-known clients. In addition, defending
against these claims will require the Company to expend substantial time and money, which could divert management attention from restarting
operations. Any
litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, or in payments
of substantial monetary damages or fines, the posting of bonds requiring significant collateral, letters of credit or similar instruments,
or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm and brand
damage, criminal sanctions, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain products or requiring a change in our business
practices in costly ways or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Litigation and other
claims and regulatory proceedings against us could result in unexpected disciplinary actions, expenses and liabilities, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities
to decline or become worthless. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information. 46 Failure
to perform under agreements regarding our Platform or our Data Services, affiliate agreements, or other contracts that we are party to
may result in litigation, substantial monetary liquidated damages and contract termination, which would materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
business may subject us to contractual penalties and risks of litigation, including due to potential allegations that we have not fully
performed under contracts. Agreements with lottery authorities under which lottery tickets are sold as a retail vendor typically permit
a lottery authority to terminate the contract at any time for material failure to perform, other specified reasons and, in many cases,
for no reason at all. These contracts also frequently contain exacting implementation schedules and performance requirements and the
failure to meet these schedules and requirements may result in monetary liquidated damages, as well as possible contract termination.
Additionally, we are party to agreements that may include monetary liquidated damages provisions in the event of our material default
thereunder. Material amounts of liquidated damages could be imposed on us in the future, which could, if imposed, have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, business or financial condition. We
may not recover amounts owed to us from J. Streicher Financial, LLC. On
July 29, 2022, the Company filed an original Verified Complaint for Breach of Contract and Specific Performance (the “ Complaint ”)
against J. Streicher Financial, LLC (“ Streicher ”) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the “ Chancery
Court ”). In its Complaint, the Company alleged that Streicher breached a contract entered into by the parties on March 9, 2022,
and demanded that Streicher return $16,500,000 it owes to the Company. On September 26, 2022, the Chancery Court entered an order in
favor of the Company, Granting with Modifications Company’s Motion for Partial Summary Judgment in the amount of $16,500,000
(the “ Judgment ”). On October 27, 2022, the Chancery Court further awarded the Company $397,036.94 in attorney’s
fees (the “ Fee Order ”). On November 15, 2022, the Company initiated efforts against Streicher to seek collections
on the Judgment and Fee Order. The Company subsequently engaged a collection firm to pursue Streicher as a judgment debtor on behalf
of Company. Since being engaged, the collection firm has sought collections on Streicher by noticing Judgment-Debtor for Deposition by
Oral Examination in Aid of Judgment and seeking post-judgment discovery, including interrogatories and requests for production. In
an effort to avoid post-judgment discovery, Streicher indicated a willingness to pay the judgment over time with interest and is attempting
to negotiate a settlement and forbearance agreement with the Company. Streicher’s original deadline to produce documents and respond
to the post-judgment discovery was January 16, 2023, and the Deposition was scheduled to take place on January 19, 2023. On January 20,
2023, faced with post-judgment discovery and depositions, Streicher remitted a partial payment towards the Judgment in the amount of
$75,000. On February 13, 2023, Streicher made another payment towards the Judgment in the amount of $50,000 and agreed to make another
payment in the amount of $75,000 on February 28, 2023. Streicher failed to remit the payment on February 28, 2023, and as a result, the
Company is proceeding with the post-judgment discovery and depositions, which was scheduled for March 16, 2023, however Streicher did
not appear at such hearing. The Company intends to fully collect on the Judgment and intends to pursue all legal and equitable means
to enforce the Judgment against Streicher until the Judgment is fully satisfied. We
may never collect the full amount of the judgment, the costs of collecting the judgment, including additional legal fees may be material,
and Streicher may not have funds to pay us amounts due or make seek bankruptcy protection. More
details are available in Item 3. Legal Proceedings Public
Company Operating Risks Our
projections are subject to significant risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties, including assumptions regarding future legislation
and changes in regulations, both inside and outside of the U.S. As a result, our projected revenues, market share, expenses and profitability
may differ materially from our expectations. The
gaming and lottery industry is subject to rapid change, significant competition, and multiple regulatory oversight and our projections
are subject to the risks and assumptions made by management with respect to our industries. Operating results are difficult to forecast
because they generally depend on our assessment of the timing of adoption of future legislation and regulations by different states,
which are uncertain. Furthermore, if we invest in the development of new products, services or distribution channels that do not achieve
significant commercial success, whether because of implementation, competition or otherwise, we may not recover the often substantial
“up front” costs of developing and marketing those products and distribution channels or recover the opportunity cost of
diverting management and financial resources away from other services, products or distribution channels. 47 Additionally,
our business may be affected by reductions in consumer spending from time to time as a result of a number of factors which may be difficult
to predict. This may result in decreased revenue levels, and we may be unable to adopt measures in a timely manner to compensate for
any unexpected shortfall in income. This inability could cause our operating results in a given quarter to be higher or lower than expected.
If actual results differ from our estimates, analysts may react negatively, and our stock price could be materially impacted. The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management’s attention, and the increases in legal,
accounting and compliance expenses may be greater than we anticipate. As
a result of being a public company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company.
We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently
implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”), including changes in corporate
governance practices and the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules
and regulations can be burdensome. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and
have made some activities more time-consuming and costly as compared to when we were a private company. In particular, we have incurred
and expect to continue to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with all these
requirements, including Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will increase when we are no longer an “emerging growth company.”
To meet these various requirements, we have and will continue to need to hire additional legal, accounting and financial staff or
contractors, all with appropriate public company experience. Internally, we must continue to increase our technical accounting knowledge
as well as maintain an internal audit function, which will increase our operating expenses. Moreover, we could incur additional compensation
costs in the event that we decide to pay cash compensation closer to that of other public companies, which would increase our general
and administrative expenses and could materially and adversely affect our profitability. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of
additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. Risks
Relating to Our Charter Documents and Delaware Law Our
Charter includes certain redemption rights which may negatively affect the value our common stock and other securities or result
in the redemption of shares of common stock or other securities held by certain holders. Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our “Charter”) provides that any shares of capital stock, bonds,
notes, convertible debentures, options, warrants or other instruments that represent a share of equity of the Company, a debt owed by
the Company or the right to acquire any of the foregoing (for purposes of this section, the “Redeemable Securities”), owned
or controlled by a record or beneficial holder of the Company’s Redeemable Securities or an affiliate thereof who or that (i) fails
or refuses to participate in good faith in an investigative process of, or submit documents, give notices or make filings requested or
required by, any Regulatory Authority (as such term is defined in the Charter), (ii) is denied or disqualified by any regulatory authority
from receiving or holding any Regulatory Approval (as such term is defined in the Charter)), (iii) is determined by a regulatory authority
or by the Board, based on advice of counsel or verifiable information received from any Regulatory Authority, to be disqualified or unsuitable
to own or control any Redeemable Securities or to be associated or affiliated in any capacity with the Company, its affiliates, or the
business and activities of the Company and its affiliates in any Applicable Jurisdiction (as such term is defined in the Charter), (iv)
causes the Company or any of its affiliates to lose or to be threatened with the loss of any Regulatory Approval, or (v) is deemed likely
by the Board, based on advice of counsel or verifiable information received from any Regulatory Authority, by virtue of such holder’s
ownership or control of Redeemable Securities or association or affiliation with the Company or its affiliates, to jeopardize, impede,
impair or adversely affect the ability of the Company’s or any of its affiliates to obtain, maintain, hold, use or retain any Regulatory
Approval or to cause or result in the suspension, disapproval, termination, non-renewal or loss of any Regulatory Approval (each of such
holders or an affiliate of such holder, a “Disqualified Holder”) shall be subject to redemption by the Company (as described
in the Charter) as and to the extent required by a Regulatory Authority or deemed necessary or advisable by the Company’s Board. 48 If
a Regulatory Authority requires the Company, or the Board deems it necessary or advisable, to cause any such Redeemable Securities be
subject to redemption, we will deliver a redemption notice (as described in the Charter) to the Disqualified Holder or its affiliate(s)
(as applicable) and shall purchase the number and type of Redeemable Securities specified in the redemption notice for the redemption
price, as defined and determined in accordance with the Charter and set forth in the redemption notice. Commencing
on the date that a regulatory authority serves notice of a determination of disqualification or unsuitability of a holder of Redeemable
Securities, or the Board otherwise determines that a person is a Disqualified Holder, and until the Redeemable Securities owned or controlled
by such person are owned or controlled by a person who is not a Disqualified Holder, the Disqualified Holder and any affiliates of such
Disqualified Holder shall not be entitled to: (i) exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting rights conferred by such Redeemable Securities
or otherwise participate in the management of the business or affairs of the Company or our affiliates; (ii) receive any dividends or
share of distribution of profits or cash or any other property of, or payments upon dissolution of, the Company or our affiliates, other
than payment for the redemption of the Redeemable Securities as described in the Charter; or (iii) receive any remuneration in any form
from the Company or any of our affiliates, for services rendered or otherwise. No
redemption of Redeemable Securities shall be effectuated pursuant to the Charter without the receipt of the regulatory approvals required.
From and after the redemption date, the Redeemable Securities shall no longer be deemed outstanding, such Disqualified Holder shall cease
to be a stockholder with respect to such Redeemable Securities and all rights of such Disqualified Holder (other than the right to receive
the redemption price) shall cease. The
existence of the redemption rights set forth in our Charter may result in the value of the Redeemable Securities being less than they
would without the existence of such rights, may prevent the sale or transfer of such Redeemable Securities, and may result in a holder
of Redeemable Securities receiving less value for such Redeemable Securities upon the redemption thereof as they would, had such Redeemable
Securities not been redeemed. A
court may find that part or all of the provisions included in our Charter pertaining to the redemption right with respect to capital
stock held by any stockholders who are deemed to be “disqualified” or “unsuitable” holders is not enforceable,
either in general or as to a particular fact situation. Under
the laws of the State of Delaware, our jurisdiction of incorporation, a corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation for
the number of securities that may be owned by any person or group of persons for the purpose of maintaining any statutory or regulatory
advantage or complying with any statutory or regulatory requirements under applicable law. Delaware law provides that ownership limitations
with respect to shares of our stock issued prior to the effectiveness of our Charter will be effective against (i) stockholders with
respect to shares that were voted in favor of the proposed provision; and (ii) purported transferees of shares that were voted for the
proposed provision if (a) the transfer restrictions are conspicuously noted on the certificate(s) representing such shares, or (b) the
transferee had actual knowledge of the transfer restrictions (even absent such conspicuous notation). The shares of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share issued after the effective date of our Charter were issued with the ownership limitation conspicuously noted on
the certificate(s) representing such shares and therefore under Delaware law such newly issued shares will be subject to the transfer
restriction. We have also disclosed such restrictions to persons holding our stock in uncertificated form. We
cannot assure you that the provision pertaining to the redemption right with respect to capital stock held by any stockholders who are
deemed to be “disqualified” or “unsuitable” holders is enforceable under all circumstances, particularly against
stockholders who did not vote in favor of the proposed provision, who do not have notice of the ownership limitations at the time they
subsequently acquire their shares, or who acquire shares that were owned, at the time of the vote on the provision, by a stockholder
(or stockholders) who did not vote such shares in favor of the proposed provision. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we would be
able to redeem the shares of a stockholder deemed an unsuitable person by applicable regulatory authorities. Claims for indemnification
by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount
of money available to us. Our
Charter and our amended and restated bylaws (the “Bylaws”) provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in
each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”), our Charter, Bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and
officers provide that: ● To
    the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL, our directors will not be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary
    damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. 49 ● We
    will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business entities at our request,
    to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The DGCL provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted
    in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and,
    with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was unlawful. ● We
    may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law
    and such person was made a party to an action, suit or proceeding, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was an employee or
    agent of the Company. ● We
    are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that
    such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled
    to indemnification. ● We
    will not be obligated pursuant to the indemnification agreements entered into with our directors and executive officers to indemnify
    a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person, except with respect to proceedings to enforce an indemnitee right
    to indemnification or advancement of expenses, proceedings authorized by our board of directors and if offered by us in our sole
    discretion. ● The
    rights conferred in our Charter are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors,
    officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. ● We
    may not retroactively amend our Charter or indemnification agreement provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors,
    officers, employees and agents. As
a result of these provisions, if an investor were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we
would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required
to pay. This could lead to us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors
and officers, which the Company may not be able to pay or recoup. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial
resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect the
value of our business. The
exclusive forum provision in our Charter may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our
Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, other employee
to us or to our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to
any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), our Charter or our Amended and Restated Bylaws (our “Bylaws”);
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine under
Delaware law shall be brought, to the fullest extent permitted by law, solely and exclusively in the Court of Chancery in the State of
Delaware. In
addition, our Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that the federal district courts
of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision in the Charter does not apply
to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act since Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 50 Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which
it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the
effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our Charter and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt . Our
Charter contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
The Company is subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law which could delay or prevent a change of control. These provisions
are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control and enhance the ability of our
Board to maximize stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire us. However, these provisions may make more difficult
the removal of management, may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us by means of
a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts
that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for our securities. These provisions provide for, among other things: ● authorized
    but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock, which may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions
    and employee benefit plans and the existence of which could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the
    Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise (the DGCL does not require stockholder approval for any issuance
    of authorized shares); ● stockholder
    action may not be by written consent (the DGCL provides that unless otherwise provided in the charter, any action of a meeting of
    stockholders may be taken without a meeting and prior notice by signed written consent of stockholders having the minimum number
    of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted); ● amendment
    of certain provisions of the organizational documents only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the
    outstanding capital stock (the DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled
    to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation’s certificate of incorporation, unless
    the certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage); ● provisions
    providing for a board of directors with staggered terms and detailing that the number of directors may be fixed and modified only
    by our Board; ● advance
    notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at annual meetings,
    which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate
    of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of Lottery.com; and ● the
    ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock. ● providing
    that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by a two-thirds vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power
    of the outstanding shares then entitled to vote in an election of directors, voting together as a single class; ● providing
    that vacancies on our Board, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;
    and ● prohibiting
    stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders. 51 In
addition, these provisions may make it difficult and expensive for a third party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover
attempt that is opposed by our management or our Board. Stockholders who might desire to participate in these types of transactions may
not have an opportunity to do so, even if the transaction is favorable to them. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede
any stockholder’s ability to benefit from a change in control or change our management and Board and, as a result, may adversely
affect the market price of common stock and the ability for any stockholder to realize any potential change of control premium. Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants Although
we are currently in full compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, we may not be able to remain in full compliance with
Nasdaq’s continued listing standards in the future. Our common stock and warrants
trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols “LTRY” and “LTRYW,” respectively. Our failure to remain in
full compliance with these requirements may result in our securities being delisted from Nasdaq. On September 11, 2024, the Staff
notified the Company that the bid price of its common stock had closed at less than $1 per share over the previous 30 consecutive business
days, and, as a result, did not comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(1). Therefore, in accordance with e Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
the Company was provided 180 calendar days to regain compliance with such rule. As
reported on form 8-K filed on November 1, 2024, on October 28, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that based upon
its review of the Company’s Market Value of Publicly Held Shares (“MVPHS”) for the last 30 consecutive business days,
the Company no longer met the minimum requirement of $5,000,000 in MVPHS set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(C). However, under
the Listing Rules, the Company was provided a 180-calendar day grace period to regain compliance. If
at any time during the compliance period the Company’s MVPHS closed at $5,000,000 or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business
days, Nasdaq would provide written confirmation of compliance and the matter would be closed. The Company met this requirement, notified
Nasdaq and on March 6, 2025 received written notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has regained compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(C) and the matter is now closed. The notification also stated that the Company had regained compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(1) and that matter was also closed. Furthermore,
the requirement that we maintain a majority of independent directors and at least three members on our audit committee are Nasdaq requirements
that we currently meet but have not met from time to time. If
the Company’s securities are delisted from Nasdaq, it could be more difficult to buy and sell the Company’s common stock
and warrants or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of the Company’s common stock and warrants could suffer a material
decline. Delisting could also impair the Company’s ability to raise capital or trigger defaults and penalties under its outstanding
agreements or securities. Further, even if we regain compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements, there is no guarantee that we will
be able to maintain our listing for any period of time. Delisting
from Nasdaq could also result in negative publicity. Further, if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue
sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock
or warrants and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock or warrants in the secondary market. If our common stock
or warrants are delisted by Nasdaq, our common stock or warrants may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system,
such as the OTCQB Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market
value of our common stock or warrants. In the event our common stock or warrants are delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market,
we may not be able to list our common stock or warrants on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the
counter quotation system. An
active trading market for our common stock and warrants may never develop or be sustained, which may make it difficult to sell the shares
of common stock and warrants. An
active trading market for the common stock and warrants may not develop or continue or, if developed, may not be sustained, which would
make it difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock and warrants at an attractive price or at all. The market price of our
common stock and warrants may decline below your purchase price, and you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock and warrants
at or above the price you paid for such shares or at all. 52 The
market price of our common stock and warrants could be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. The
market price of our common stock and warrants could be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety
of factors, including the following: ● announcements by us or
    our competitors of new products, features, or services; ● the public’s reaction
    to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; ● rumors and market speculation
    involving us or other companies in our industry; ● actual or anticipated changes
    in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; ● changes in the financial
    projections we may provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; ● actual or anticipated developments
    in our business, our competitors’ businesses or the competitive landscape generally; ● actual or perceived privacy
    or data security incidents; ● risks related to the organic
    and inorganic growth of our business and the timing of expected business milestones, including those related to announced or completed
    acquisitions of businesses, products, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; ● actual or anticipated changes
    in applicable laws or regulations; ● changes in accounting standards,
    policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; ● our ability to forecast
    or report accurate financial results; and ● technical factors in the
    public trading market for our common stock and warrants that may produce price movements that may or may not comport with macro,
    industry or company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be
    expressed on financial trading and other social media sites), the amount and status of short interest in our securities, access to
    margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and warrants and any related hedging and other technical
    trading factors. In
addition, the stock markets historically have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices
of equity securities of many publicly held companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions,
may negatively affect the market price of our common stock and warrants, regardless of a company’s actual operating performance.
In addition, in the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market
price of its securities. If the Company faces such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s
attention and resources, which could harm its business, results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about the Company, or publish negative reports, the Company’s
stock price and trading volume could decline. The
trading market for our common stock and warrants will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about the Company. The Company does not have any control over these analysts. If the Company’s financial performance fails
to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the analysts who cover the Company downgrade its common stock or change their opinion, the
Company’s stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly
publish reports on the Company, it could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the Company’s stock price
or trading volume to decline. Because
the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be your sole
source of gain. The
Company currently anticipates that it will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of its business and does
not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As
a result, capital appreciation, if any, of the Company’s shares of common stock would be your sole source of gain on an investment
in such shares for the foreseeable future. 53 Risks
Related to Our Loan Agreements and Loan Agreement Warrants United
Capital Investments London Limited, (“UCIL”) may not loan us the amounts they agreed to under their amended and restated
loan agreements, and Univest Securities, LLC (“Univest” or our “Placement Agent”) may not be successful in whole
or in part in placing our Offering. If UCIL fails to provide us with funding, and the Placement Agent is less than fully successful,
we may be forced to curtail or even abandon our plan to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. As
previously noted, we need to raise capital to, among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our
expenses. The amended and restated loan agreements with Woodford and UCIL are potential sources of this needed additional capital that
is presently available to us. Univest funding was available on Dec 31 also. Pursuant to the Woodford Amended
and Restated Loan Agreement, Woodford agreed to fund up to $52.5 million, subject to certain conditions and requirements, of which, per
our books and records, $798,351 was received by us through December 31, 2024. As
reported on form 8-K on August 1, 2023, the Company reported that it had not received the requisite funding on a timely basis that it
expected from Woodford, despite making several requests to Woodford for said funding under the Woodford Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.
Moreover, the Board of Directors determined that it was in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to enter into a new
loan agreement with UCIL, as an alternative lender to Woodford, upon receiving an event of default notice on July 21, 2023 (the “Default
Notice”) and an event of default and crystallization notice on July 25, 2023 (the “Crystallization Notice”) from Woodford
under the Woodford Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. On July 24, 2023, the Company responded to the Default Notice disputing that
an event of default had occurred. Further, on July 27, 2023, the Company replied to the Crystallization Notice denying that an event
of default occurred or continued, and further asserted that Woodford’s attempt for crystallization was inappropriate and unlawful
under its loan agreement. The validity and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. Despite
requests from the Company, Woodford has repeatedly amongst other things: failed to prove the amounts borrowed by the Company or claimed
to have been advanced by Woodford to the Company; failed to indicate if it would accept accelerated payment of those verified amounts;
failed to provide an anti-money laundering acceptable account to which payment could be made by the Company and failed to explain failure
to respond to requests for other funding to be accepted in the context of the Woodford Loan Agreement; failed to respond to requests
for funding under the accordion facility of the Woodford Loan Agreement; and failed to respond to allegations of money laundering and
conspiracy to defraud the Company and others. Given
the uncertainty of continued financing under the Woodford Loan Agreement, on July 26, 2023, the Company secured and formalized alternative
funding by entering into a Loan Agreement with UCIL which was further amended and restated on August 18, 2023. The UCIL agreement was
approved by the shareholders on or about November 17, 2023 and attached to this 10-K/A as an exhibit. The
UCIL loan agreement provides for a credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) consisting of (a) funding in the principal
amount of up to $1,000,000 to be paid in tranches over time and as requested by the Company (the “Initial Loan”),
wherein in return for the Initial Loan the Company shall issue to UCIL a number of warrants (the “Warrants”) to purchase
shares of the Company’s common stock (“common stock”) in an amount representing at least 4.5% but not exceeding
15% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock on the date of such issuance; and (b) an additional credit facility,
at the Company’s written request and at UCIL’s sole discretion for an amount up to a total of $49,000,000 in additional
financing (the “Accordion”) in subsequent funding tranches. The interest rate on the Initial Loan and the Accordion is
10% per annum. The Credit Facility provides that UCIL may elect, in its sole discretion, to convert an amount of the Initial Loan
and the Accordion, together with accrued interest, into shares of common stock at a conversion price calculated in accordance with
the terms of the Loan Agreement. In addition, the Credit Facility includes certain customary representations, warranties and events
of default subject to customary notice and cure rights. As reported on form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024, on February 16, 2024, the Company and UCIL entered into an “Amendment
and Restatement Agreement No. 2” to the UCIL Loan Agreement to increase the amount of the UCIL Credit Facility from $49,000,0000
to $149,000,000 (the “UCIL Amendment”). The
Univest placement agent agreement pertains to the Company’s offering (“Offering”) of units (“Units”) up
to $5,000,000 to be offered to their investors; each Unit consisting of a convertible promissory note (each, a “Convertible Note”
or collectively, the “Convertible Notes”), and a common stock purchase warrant (each, a “Warrant”, or collectively,
the “Warrants”) to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”)
which include specific registration rights (“Registration Rights”), for their investors. If
neither Woodford nor UCIL, nor any other potential lenders or investors (including those placed through Univest) are able or willing
over time to advance us amounts owed under either of their amended and restated loan agreements or we are unable to raise additional
funds from other third parties, we may not be able to raise enough capital to recommence our operations and run our business. Consequently,
we may be forced to curtail or even abandon our plan to recommence our operations, and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 54 We
are subject to certain covenants while amounts are outstanding under the loan agreements which may restrict our ability to undertake
future activities, including issuing additional shares of common stock. Each
loan agreement includes confidentiality obligations, representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default, which are customary
for transactions of this size and nature. For example, included in the Woodford Loan Agreement are covenants prohibiting us from (a)
making any loan in excess of $1 million or obtaining any loan in amount exceeding $1 million without the consent of Woodford, which may
not be unreasonably withheld; (b) selling more than $1 million in assets; (c) maintaining less than enough assets to perform our obligations
under the Loan Agreement; (d) encumbering any assets, except in the normal course of business, and not in an amount to exceed $1 million;
(e) amending or restating our governing documents; (f) declaring or paying any dividend; (g) issuing any shares of common stock which
negatively affects the lender and (h) repurchasing any shares of common stock. Such covenants in either loan agreement may restrict our
ability to raise capital, pay consultants, officers and directors, and may ultimately result in material adverse effects to the Company.
The result of that may be a decrease in the value of our securities or our need to seek bankruptcy protection. The validity and application
of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. Our
obligations under the loan agreements are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and if we
were to default, they could force us to curtail or abandon our business plans and operations. Although,
the amounts borrowed pursuant to the terms of the Woodford Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of the present and subsequently
acquired assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, the validity and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed
by the Company. Under the Agreement, Woodford as a creditor, in the event of the occurrence of a default might have been able to enforce
security interests over our assets or our subsidiaries which secure obligations, take control of such assets and operations, force
us to seek bankruptcy protection, or force us to curtail or abandon our current business plans and operations. If that were to happen,
any investment in the Company (including, but not limited to, any investment in our common stock) could become worthless. The validity
and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. Despite
requests from the Company, Woodford has repeatedly amongst other things: failed to prove the amounts borrowed by the Company or claimed
to have been advanced by Woodford to the Company; failed to indicate if it would accept accelerated payment of those verified amounts;
failed to provide an anti-money laundering acceptable account to which payment could be made by the Company and failed to explain failure
to respond to requests for other funding to be accepted in the context of the Woodford Loan Agreement; failed to respond to requests
for funding under the accordion facility of the Woodford Loan Agreement; and failed to respond to allegations of money laundering and
conspiracy to defraud the Company and others. The
issuance and sale of common stock upon conversion of the amounts owed or upon exercise of the warrants issued to either Woodford or UCIL
under each’s loan agreement may depress the market price of our common stock and cause substantial dilution. As of December 31, 2024,
per the Company’s books and records, we had borrowed $798,351 under the Loan Agreement to Woodford and $14,783 from UCIL [after
conversion of $682,859 from convertible debt to equity by UCIL in August of 2024]. Amounts borrowed can be repaid at any time without
penalty and accrue interest per the terms and conditions of each loan agreement. Amounts borrowed may, at each lender’s option,
be converted into shares of common stock, beginning 60 days after the first loan date at the rate of 80% of the lowest publicly available
price per share of Company common stock. 55 In
addition, in connection with the loan agreements we agreed to grant warrants to each of Woodford and UCIL to purchase up to 15% of the
shares of common stock that were then issued and outstanding, each with an exercise price equal to the average of the closing price for
each of the ten days prior to the drawing of the first tranche. In the event we fail to repay the amounts borrowed when due or either
lender fails to convert the amount owed into shares of common stock, the exercise price of the warrants may be offset by amounts owed,
and in such case, the exercise price of the warrants will be subject to a further discount. If
sequential conversions of amounts owed under either loan agreement or warrants are exercised, and sales of such resulting shares of common
stock take place, the price of our common stock may decline, and as a result, the lender will be entitled to receive an increasing number
of shares of common stock, which shares could then be sold in the market, triggering further price declines and conversions or exercises
for even larger numbers of shares, to the detriment of our investors. The shares of common stock issued may, under certain conditions,
be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144. As a result, the sale of these shares may adversely affect the market price, if any,
of our common stock. Additionally,
the issuance of common stock upon conversion of the amounts owed under either loan agreement or the exercise of warrants will result
in immediate and substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders. On
June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of its Loan Agreement with Woodford (the “Loan Agreement Amendment”).
The Loan Agreement Amendment provides that Woodford shall henceforth be able to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding balance
of its loan into the conversion shares at a conversion price that represents a further 25% discount to the original conversion price
of 20%. The validity and application of the Woodford Loan Agreement Amendment is disputed by the Company. We
currently owe a significant amount of money under our Loan Agreements which we may not be able to repay. As of the date of this Report
per our books and records, we owe approximately: $798,351 under the Amended and Restated Woodford Loan Agreement; $697,642  under
the UCIL Amendment; and $1,210,000 under the Univest Placement Agent Agreement. Currently, we do not have sufficient
funds to repay such amounts. A high level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. If the amounts
owed under any undisputed loan agreements are not converted into common stock pursuant to the terms and conditions, we may not be able
to pay the principal or interest on the loan, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay
or refinance such debt. If we do not have sufficient funds and are otherwise unable to arrange financing or raise additional funds, we
may have to sell significant assets or have a portion of our assets foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause any investment in the Company to decline in value or become worthless. General

