TICKER: SJ
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- VENDORS ---
vendors
and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Recent
Developments On
January 28, 2020, the Company issued a $575,000 Note to Scienjoy, pursuant to which such amount was deposited into the
Company’s Trust Account in order to extend the amount of time the Company has available to complete a Business
Combination from February 8, 2020 to May 8, 2020. The Note is non-interest bearing and is payable upon the closing of a
Business Combination. In addition, the Note may be converted, at the lender’s discretion, into additional Private Units
at a price of $10.00 per unit. Competitive
strengths We
believe our specific competitive strengths to be the following: Status
as a public company We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company,
we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination.
In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our ordinary
shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of
the sellers. We believe target businesses might find this method a more certain and cost effective method to become a public company
than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing,
roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination
with us. Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas
an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market
conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater
access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders’ interests than
it would have as a privately-held company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential
new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While
we believe that our status as a public company will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may
view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our requirements
to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination and provide holders of public shares the opportunity
to convert their shares into cash from the trust account, as a deterrent, and may prefer to effect a business combination with
a more established entity or with a private company. Transaction
flexibility We
offer a target business a variety of options, such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company
and a public means to sell such shares, providing cash for stock, and providing capital for the potential growth and expansion
of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial
business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to
use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its
needs and desires. Management
Experience We
believe the experience and contacts of our management team will give us distinct advantages in sourcing, structuring and consummating
business combinations. We have a management team with extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, including cross-border
transactions, target sourcing, financial due diligence, deal structuring and negotiation, as well as finance and investment in
the United States and Asia, and understands the cultural, business and economic differences and opportunities that will allow
us to negotiate a transaction. We believe we can source attractive deals and find good investment opportunities from private and
public sources to create value for shareholders. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team
will provide us with an important source of investment opportunities. 3 Competitive
Weaknesses We
believe our competitive weaknesses to be the following: Limited
Financial Resources Our
financial reserves will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of venture capital firms, leveraged buyout firms and
operating businesses competing for acquisitions. In addition, our financial resources could be reduced because of our obligation
to convert shares held by our public shareholders as well as any tender offer we conduct. Lack
of experience with blank check companies Our
management team is not experienced in pursuing business combinations on behalf of blank check companies. Other blank check companies
may be sponsored and managed by individuals with prior experience in completing business combinations between blank check companies
and target businesses. Our managements’ lack of experience may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. Limited
technical and human resources As
a blank check company, we have limited technical and human resources. Many venture capital funds, leveraged buyout firms and operating
businesses possess greater technical and human resources than we do and thus we may be at a disadvantage when competing with them
for target businesses. Delay
associated with shareholder approval or tender offer We
may be required to seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination. If we are not required to obtain shareholder
approval of an initial business combination, we will allow our shareholders to sell their shares to us pursuant to a tender offer.
Both seeking shareholder approval and conducting a tender offer will delay the consummation of our initial business combination.
Other companies competing with us for acquisition opportunities may not be subject to similar requirement, or may be able to satisfy
such requirements more quickly than we can. As a result, we may be at a disadvantage in competing for these opportunities. Effecting
an Acquisition Transaction General We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business until the closing of a business combination.
We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placements, our capital stock, debt or a combination
of these in effecting our initial business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private
Placements are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination, the proceeds are not otherwise being
designated for any more specific purposes. Accordingly, investors in the IPO were investing without first having an opportunity
to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. Fair
Market Value of Target Business Pursuant
to Nasdaq listing rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair
market value equal to at least 80% of the value of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriter’s
fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80% test, at the time of the execution
of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may structure a business combination with one or more
target businesses whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance. We believe Scienjoy satisfies
this test. 4 Shareholder
Approval of Business Combination In
connection with the proposed business combination with Scienjoy, we are seeking shareholder approval of the Acquisition. At the
meeting called for such purpose, public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable). Our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert
any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. We will
consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation
and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject
to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Our
initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any
proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed
initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. As a result, if only a quorum is present at the meeting at which we sought shareholder approval of the proposed Acquisition,
we would need only 126,876 of our public shares (or approximately 2.5% of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction
in order to have such transaction approved. None
of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase Units or Ordinary
Shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions (other than the Private Units). However, if we hold a meeting
to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against
such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases
in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors,
initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of Ordinary Shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock. Ability
to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination If
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by May 8, 2020, we may, but are not obligated
to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination twice by an additional three months each time (for a total
of up to 21 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our
insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the
trust account $575,000 ($0.10 per share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The insiders or their affiliates
or designees will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will
not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust
account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender’s
discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit.
Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes
to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice
from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press
release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press
release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and
their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business
combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial
business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. Conversion/Tender
Rights At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders
have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The conversion rights will be effected under our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association and British Virgin Islands law as redemptions. If we hold a meeting to approve
an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business combination and not
seek conversion of his shares. 5 Our
initial shareholders, officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them,
directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to the IPO, in the IPO or in the aftermarket. We
may also require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either
tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or
prior to the vote on the business combination. Once the shares are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under
British Virgin Islands law, the transfer agent will then update our Register of Members to reflect all conversions. The proxy
solicitation materials that we will furnish to shareholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination
will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have
from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to
seek to exercise his conversion rights. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required
to provide at least 10 days’ advance notice of any shareholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a shareholder
would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. As a result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert
their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing
delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly,
investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would
not want to. There
is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the
DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion
rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination
is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to shareholders. Any
request to convert or tender such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination
or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered his certificate in connection with an
election of their conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration
of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise
their conversion or tender rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust
account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. Automatic
Liquidation if No Business Combination If
we do not complete a business combination by May 8, 2020, it will trigger our automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation
pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As a result, this has the same effect
as if we had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Law. Accordingly, no vote would be required
from our shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, dissolution and liquidation. However, if we anticipate that we
may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by May 8, 2020, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination twice by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to
complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and
the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, in order to extend the time
available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days
advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account $575,000 ($0.10 per share), on or prior to
the date of the applicable deadline. The insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the
amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there
are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business
combination, or, at the lender’s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private
units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such
notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination.
In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an
extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline.
In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had
been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the
time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend
the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit
the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will,
as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of our outstanding public shares for a pro
rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account and not necessary to pay our taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able to
distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders.
In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire and will be worthless. 6 The
amount in the trust account under the Companies Law will be treated as share premium which is distributable under the Companies
Law provided that immediately following the date on which the proposed distribution is proposed to be made, we are able to pay
our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. If we are forced to liquidate the trust account, we anticipate
that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days
prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest). Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all
claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such
amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure
you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially
be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter
an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek to have all vendors and service providers (which would include any third
parties we engaged to assist us in any way in connection with our search for a target business) and prospective target businesses
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the
trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such entities
execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such
agreements are legally enforceable. Each
of our initial shareholders and our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of our trust account
or other assets with respect to the insider shares and private units and to vote their insider shares, private shares in favor
of any dissolution and plan of distribution which we submit to a vote of shareholders. There will be no distribution from the
trust account with respect to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless. If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO, other than the proceeds
deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share
distribution from the trust account would be $10.00. The
proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to
the claims of our public shareholders. Although we will seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed, prospective
target businesses or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will
execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the
trust account, including but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims,
as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against
our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refused to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, we would perform an analysis of the alternatives available to us if we chose not to engage
such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest of our shareholders if such third party refused
to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a provider
of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event, our management would perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management believed
that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. 7 Oriental
Holdings Limited, our Sponsor, has agreed that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination,
it will be liable to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for
services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us in excess of the net proceeds of the IPO not held in the trust account,
but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only
if such parties have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that he will be able to satisfy those obligations
if he is required to do so. Accordingly, the actual per-share distribution could be less than $10.00 due to claims of creditors.
Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate
and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders at least $10.00 per share. Competition In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources
than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While
we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO, our ability
to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. The
following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: ● our
    obligation to seek shareholder approval of a business combination or obtain the necessary financial information to be sent
    to shareholders in connection with such business combination may delay or prevent  the completion of a transaction; ● our
    obligation to convert public shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business
    combination; ● NASDAQ
    may require us to file a new listing application and meet its initial listing requirements to maintain the listing of our
    securities following a business combination; ● our
    outstanding warrants, rights and unit purchase options and the potential future dilution they represent; ● our
    obligation to pay the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC upon consummation of
    our initial business combination; 8 ● our
    obligation to either repay or issue units upon conversion of up to $500,000 of working capital loans that may be made to us
    by our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates; ● our
    obligation to register the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any
    securities issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital
    loans; and ● the
    impact on the target business’ assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending
    on developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business combination. Any
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management
believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give
us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business
with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If
we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the
target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete
effectively. Facilities We
maintain our principal executive offices at Flat A, 6/F, Block A, Tonnochy Towers, No. 272 Jaffe Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. The
cost for this space is provided to us by Oriental Holdings Limited, a company wholly owned by our insiders, as part of the $10,000
per month payment we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. Employees We
have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend
to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will
vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination
process the company is in. Accordingly, once management locates a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time
investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to
our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote
such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while
we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target
business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business
combination. ITEM
    1A. RISK
    FACTORS As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. ITEM
    1B. UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS Not
applicable. ITEM
    2. PROPERTIES We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive
offices at Flat A, 6/F, Block A, Tonnochy Towers, No. 272 Jaffe Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. The cost for this space is provided
to us by Oriental Holdings Limited, a company wholly owned by our insiders, as part of the $10,000 per month payment we make to
it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM
    3. LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We
are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any
legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ITEM
    4. MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not
Applicable. 9 part
II ITEM 5. MARKET
                                         FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
                                         OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our
units began to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “HHHHU” on February 6, 2019. The ordinary
shares, warrants and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on March 7, 2019, under the symbols “HHHH”,
“HHHHW” and “HHHHR”, respectively. Holders
of Record At
March 6, 2020, there were 7,457,500 of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by nine shareholders of record. The
number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary
shares whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. Dividends We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of
any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is
the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly,
our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we
incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Use
of Proceeds On
February 8, 2019, we consummated our IPO of 5,000,000 Units. Subsequently, on February 20, 2019, the underwriters exercised the
option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional Units of 750,000 occurred on February 21, 2019. Each
Unit consists of one Ordinary Share, one warrant entitling its holder to purchase one-half of one Ordinary Share at a price of
$11.50 per whole share, and one Right to receive 1/10 of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of our initial business combination.
The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $57,500,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of 247,500 units at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating
gross proceeds of $2,475,000. On February 21, 2019, simultaneously with the sale of the over-allotment units, the Company consummated
the private sale of an additional 22,500 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of $225,000. A
total of $57,500,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the over-allotment option units) and the
Private Placement were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company’s public shareholders. 10 The
private units are identical to the units sold in the IPO except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised
on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Additionally,
because the Private Units were issued in a private transaction, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees will be allowed to exercise
the warrants included in the Private Units for cash even if a registration statement covering the Ordinary Shares issuable upon
exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered Ordinary Shares. Additionally, our Sponsor agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares
and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider shares must
agree to, each as described above) until the completion of the Company’s initial business combination. The Sponsor
was granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the Private Units. We
paid a total of $1,725,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions (not including the 3.5% deferred underwriting commission
payable at the consummation of business combination) and $677,725 for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the
IPO. For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 – Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. SELECTED
                                         FINANCIAL DATA As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S
                                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The
following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements,” “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
[NOT FOUND]

