TICKER: SMC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, and decreased productivity resulting from illness, travel restrictions, quarantine, or government mandates; and • prevailing economic and market conditions. In addition, the actual amount of cash we have available for distribution to our holders of common stock depends on other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: • the level and timing of capital expenditures we make; • the level of our operating, maintenance and general and administrative expenses; • the cost of acquisitions, if any; • our ability to sell assets, if any, and the price that we may receive for such assets; • our debt service requirements and other liabilities; 32 • fluctuations in our working capital needs; • our ability to borrow funds and access the debt and equity capital markets; • restrictions contained in our debt agreements; • the amount of cash reserves established by us; • not receiving anticipated shortfall payments from our customers; • adverse legal judgments, fines and settlements; • dividends, if any, paid on our Series A Preferred Stock or on the preferred stock of our subsidiaries; and • other business risks affecting our cash levels. We depend on a relatively small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. The loss of, or material nonpayment or nonperformance by, or the curtailment of production by, any one or more of our customers could materially adversely affect our revenues, cash flows, and results of operations. Certain of our customers may have material financial and liquidity issues or may, as a result of operational incidents or other events, be disproportionately affected as compared to larger, better-capitalized companies. Any material nonpayment or nonperformance by any of our customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows, and results of operations. We expect our exposure to concentrated risk of nonpayment or nonperformance to continue as long as we remain substantially dependent on a relatively small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. If any of our customers curtail or reduce production in our areas of operation, it could reduce throughput on our systems and, therefore, materially adversely affect our revenues, cash flows, and results of operations. Further, we are subject to the risk of non-payment or non-performance by our larger customers. We cannot predict the extent to which our customers’ businesses would be impacted if conditions in the energy industry deteriorate, nor can we estimate the impact such conditions would have on any of our customers’ abilities to execute their drilling and development programs or perform under our gathering and processing agreements. An extended low commodity price environment negatively impacts natural gas producers causing some producers in the industry significant economic stress, including, in certain cases, to file for bankruptcy protection or to renegotiate contracts. To the extent that any customer is in financial distress or commences bankruptcy proceedings, contracts with these customers may be subject to renegotiation or rejection under applicable provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Any material non-payment or non-performance by our customers could adversely affect our business and operating results. We are exposed to the creditworthiness and performance of our customers, suppliers and contract counterparties and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by one or more of these parties could materially adversely affect our financial and operating results. Although we attempt to assess the creditworthiness and associated liquidity of our customers, suppliers and contract counterparties, there can be no assurance that our assessments will be accurate or that there will not be a rapid or unanticipated deterioration in their creditworthiness, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, there can be no assurance that our contract counterparties will perform or adhere to existing or future contractual arrangements, including making any required shortfall payments or other payments due under their respective contracts. The policies and procedures we use to manage our exposure to credit risk, such as credit analysis, credit monitoring and, if necessary, requiring credit support, cannot fully eliminate counterparty credit risks. To the extent our policies and procedures prove to be inadequate, our financial and operational results may be negatively impacted. Some of our counterparties may be highly leveraged, have limited financial resources and/or have recently experienced a rating agency downgrade and will be subject to their own operating and regulatory risks. Even if our credit review and analysis mechanisms work properly, we may experience financial losses in our dealings with such parties. In addition, volatility in commodity prices could have a negative impact on our counterparties, which, in turn, could have a negative impact on their ability to meet their obligations to us. Any material nonpayment or nonperformance by any of our counterparties or suppliers could require us to pursue substitute counterparties or suppliers for the affected operations or reduce our operations. There can be no assurance that any such efforts would be successful or would provide similar financial and operational results. 33 Significant prolonged weakness in natural gas, NGL and crude oil prices could reduce throughput on our systems and materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Lower natural gas, NGL and crude oil prices could negatively impact exploration, development and production of natural gas and crude oil, thereby resulting in reduced throughput on our gathering systems. If natural gas, NGL and/or crude oil prices decrease, it could cause sustained reductions in exploration or production activity in our areas of operation and result in a further reduction in throughput on our systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In the first half of 2025, the Henry Hub Natural Gas Spot Price declined from a monthly average of $4.13 per MMBtu in January 2025 to a monthly average of $2.91 per MMBtu in August 2025, before trending upward in the latter months of 2025 to close the year at $4.00 per MMBtu on December 31, 2025. As of January 31, 2026, Henry Hub 12-month strip pricing closed at $7.71 per MMBtu. In the first half of 2025, Cushing, Oklahoma West Texas Intermediate crude oil spot prices decreased from a monthly average of $75.74 per barrel in January 2025 to a monthly average of $63.54 per barrel in April 2025, before trending downward in the latter half of 2025 to close the year at $57.26 per barrel on December 31, 2025. As of January 31, 2026, West Texas Intermediate 12-month strip pricing closed at $60.26 per barrel. Currently, oil prices are experiencing significant volatility due to the ongoing U.S. military operation in Iran. Because of the natural decline in production from our customers’ existing wells, our success depends in part on our customers replacing declining production and also on our ability to maintain levels of throughput on our systems. Any decrease in the volumes that we gather and process could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. The customer volumes that support our business depend on the level of production from natural gas and crude oil wells connected to our systems, the production from which may be less than expected and will naturally decline over time. As a result, our cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. To maintain or increase throughput levels on our systems, we must obtain new sources of volume throughput. The primary factors affecting our ability to obtain new sources of volume throughput include (i) the level of successful drilling activity in our areas of operation and (ii) our ability to compete for new volumes on our systems. We have no control over the level of drilling activity in our areas of operation, the amount of reserves associated with wells connected to our systems or the rate at which production from a well declines. In addition, we have no control over producers or their drilling and production decisions, which are affected by, among other things: • the availability and cost of capital; • prevailing and projected hydrocarbon commodity prices; • demand for crude oil, natural gas, and other hydrocarbon products, including NGLs; • levels of reserves; • geological considerations; • environmental or other governmental regulations, including the availability of drilling permits and the regulation of hydraulic fracturing; and • the availability of drilling rigs and other costs of production and equipment. Fluctuations in energy prices can also greatly affect the development of new crude oil and natural gas reserves. Drilling and production activities generally decrease as commodity prices decrease. In general terms, the prices of crude oil, natural gas, and other hydrocarbon products fluctuate in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. These factors include: • worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions, including the ongoing U.S. military operation in Iran; • global or national health concerns, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, such as COVID-19, which may reduce demand for crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs because of reduced global or national economic activity; • weather conditions and seasonal trends; • the levels of domestic production and consumer demand; • the availability of imported LNG; • the ability to export LNG; • the availability of transportation and storage systems with adequate capacity; • the volatility and uncertainty of regional pricing differentials and premiums; 34 • the price and availability of alternative fuels, including alternative fuels that benefit from government subsidies; • the effect of energy conservation measures; • the cost and availability of alternative energy sources; • the nature and extent of governmental regulation and taxation; and • the anticipated future prices of crude oil, natural gas and other hydrocarbon products, including NGLs. Because of these factors, even if new crude oil or natural gas reserves are known to exist in areas served by our assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. If reductions in drilling activity result in our inability to maintain the current levels of throughput on our systems, those reductions could reduce our revenues and cash flows and materially adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, it may be more difficult to maintain or increase the current volumes on our gathering systems, as several of the formations in the unconventional resource plays in which we operate generally have higher initial production rates and steeper production decline curves than wells in more conventional basins and may have steeper production decline curves than initially anticipated. Should we determine that the economics of our gathering, treating, transportation, and processing assets do not justify the capital expenditures needed to grow or maintain volumes associated therewith, revenues associated with these assets will decline over time. In addition to capital expenditures to support growth, the steeper production decline curves associated with unconventional resource plays may require us to incur higher maintenance capital expenditures over time, which will reduce our cash available for distribution. Many of our costs are fixed and do not vary with our throughput. These costs will not decline ratably or at all should we experience a reduction in throughput, which could result in a decline in our revenues and cash flows and materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If our customers do not increase the volumes they provide to our gathering systems, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. If we are unsuccessful in attracting new customers and/or new gathering opportunities with existing customers, our results of operations will be impaired. Our customers are not obligated to provide additional volumes to our gathering systems and they may determine in the future that drilling activities in areas outside of our current areas of operation are strategically more attractive to them. Reductions by our customers in our areas of mutual interest could result in reductions in throughput on our systems and materially adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Certain of our gathering and processing agreements contain provisions that can reduce the cash flow stability that the agreements were designed to achieve. We designed those gathering and processing agreements that contain MVC provisions to generate stable cash flows for us over the life of the MVC contract term while also minimizing our direct commodity price risk. Under certain of these MVCs, our customers agree to ship a minimum volume on our gathering systems or send a minimum volume to our processing plants or, in some cases, to pay a minimum monetary amount, over certain periods during the term of the MVC. In addition, our gathering and processing agreements may also include an aggregate MVC, which represents the total amount that the customer must flow on our gathering system or send to our processing plants (or an equivalent monetary amount) over the MVC term. If such customer’s actual throughput volumes are less than its MVC for the contracted measurement period, it must make a shortfall payment to us at the end of the applicable measurement period. The amount of the shortfall payment is based on the difference between the actual throughput volume shipped or processed for the applicable period and the MVC for the applicable period, multiplied by the applicable fee. To the extent that a customer’s actual throughput volumes are above or below its MVC for the applicable contracted measurement period, certain of our gathering agreements contain provisions that allow the customer to use the excess volumes or the shortfall payment to credit against future excess volumes or future shortfall payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have not obtained independent evaluations of all of the reserves connected to our gathering systems; therefore, in the future, customer volumes on our systems could be less than we anticipate. We do not routinely obtain or update independent evaluations of the reserves connected to our systems. Moreover, even if we did obtain independent evaluations of all of the reserves connected to our systems, such evaluations may prove to be incorrect. Crude oil and natural gas reserve engineering requires subjective estimates of underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas and assumptions concerning future crude oil and natural gas prices, future production levels and operating and development costs. Accordingly, we may not have accurate estimates of total reserves dedicated to our systems or the anticipated life of such reserves. If the total reserves or estimated life of the reserves connected to our gathering systems are less than we anticipate and 35 we are unable to secure additional volumes, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. We compete with other midstream companies in our areas of operations, some of which are large companies that have greater financial, managerial, and other resources than we do. In addition, some of our competitors may have assets in closer proximity to natural gas and crude oil supplies and may have available idle capacity in existing assets that would not require new capital investments for use. Our competitors may expand or construct gathering systems that would create additional competition for the services we provide to our customers. Because our customers do not have leases that cover the entirety of our areas of mutual interest, non-customer producers that lease acreage within any of our areas of mutual interest may choose to use one of our competitors for their gathering and/or processing service needs. In addition, our customers may develop their own gathering systems outside of our areas of mutual interest. Our ability to renew or replace existing contracts with our customers at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the activities of our competitors and our customers. All of these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts at favorable rates or on a long-term basis. Our gathering, treating, transportation, and processing contracts have terms of various durations. As these contracts expire, we may have to negotiate extensions or renewals with existing customers or enter into new contracts with other customers. We may be unable to obtain new contracts on favorable commercial terms, if at all. We also may be unable to maintain the economic structure of a particular contract with an existing customer or the overall mix of our contract portfolio. Moreover, we may be unable to obtain areas of mutual interest from new customers in the future, and we may be unable to renew existing areas of mutual interest with current customers as and when they expire. The extension or replacement of existing contracts depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including: • the level of existing and new competition to provide gathering and/or processing services in our areas of operation; • the macroeconomic factors affecting gathering, treating, transporting, and processing economics for our current and potential customers; • the balance of supply and demand, on a short-term, seasonal, and long-term basis, in our markets; • the extent to which the customers in our areas of operation are willing to contract on a long-term basis; and • the effects of federal, state, or local regulations on the contracting practices of our customers. To the extent we are unable to renew our existing contracts on terms that are favorable to us or successfully manage our overall contract mix over time, our revenues and cash flows could decline. If third-party pipelines or other midstream facilities interconnected to our gathering systems become partially or fully unavailable, our revenues and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our gathering systems connect to third-party pipelines and other midstream facilities, such as processing plants, rail terminals and produced water disposal facilities. The continuing operation of such third-party pipelines and other midstream facilities is not within our control. These pipelines and other midstream facilities may become unavailable due to issues including, but not limited to, testing, turnarounds, line repair, reduced operating pressure, lack of operating capacity, regulatory requirements, curtailments of receipt or deliveries due to insufficient capacity or because of damage from other hazards. In addition, we do not have interconnect agreements with all of these pipelines and other facilities and the agreements we do have may be terminated in certain circumstances and/or on short notice. If any of these pipelines or other midstream facilities become unavailable for any reason, or, if these third parties are otherwise unwilling to receive or transport the natural gas, crude oil and produced water that we gather and/or process, our revenues, cash flows, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Crude oil and natural gas production and gathering may be adversely affected by weather conditions and terrain, which in turn could negatively impact the operations of our gathering, treating, transportation, and processing facilities and our construction of additional facilities. Extended periods of below freezing weather and unseasonably wet weather conditions, especially in North Dakota, Colorado and Texas, can be severe and can adversely affect crude oil and natural gas operations due to the potential shut-in of producing wells or decreased drilling activities. These types of interruptions could result in a decrease in the volumes supplied to our gathering systems. Further, delays and shutdowns caused by severe weather may have a material negative impact on the continuous operations of our gathering, treating, transporting, and processing systems, including interruptions in service. These 36 types of interruptions could negatively impact our ability to meet our contractual obligations to our customers and thereby give rise to certain termination rights and/or the release of dedicated acreage. Any resulting terminations or releases could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. We also may be required to incur additional costs and expenses in connection with the design and installation of our facilities due to their locations and surrounding terrain. We may be required to install additional facilities, incur additional capital and operating expenditures, or experience interruptions in or impairments of our operations to the extent that the facilities are not designed or installed correctly. For example, certain of our pipeline facilities are located in locations with significant elevation changes, which may require specially designed facilities and special installation considerations. If such facilities are not designed or installed correctly, do not perform as intended, or fail, we may be required to incur significant expenditures to correct or repair the deficiencies, or may incur significant damages to or loss of facilities, and our operations may be interrupted as a result of deficiencies or failures. In addition, such deficiencies may cause damage to the surrounding environment, including slope failures, stream impacts, and other natural resource damages, and we may as a result also be subject to increased operating expenses or environmental penalties and fines. Finally, most scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, wildfires, droughts and floods, changes in weather patterns, extreme temperatures, and other climatic events. While we cannot predict with any certainty at this time whether we will be affected by these possibilities, severe weather associated with climate change could result in disruptions or delays to our operations, damage to our assets and facilities and increased operating costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Interruptions in operations at any of our facilities may adversely affect our operations and cash flows available for dividends. Our operations depend upon the infrastructure that we have developed and constructed. Any significant interruption at any of our gathering, treating, transporting, or processing facilities, or in our ability to provide gathering, treating, transporting, or processing services, could adversely affect our operations and cash flows available for dividends. Operations at our facilities could be partially or completely shut down, temporarily or permanently, as the result of circumstances not within our control, such as: • unscheduled turnarounds or catastrophic events at our physical plants or pipeline facilities; • restrictions imposed by governmental authorities or court proceedings; • labor difficulties that result in a work stoppage or slowdown; • a disruption in the supply of resources necessary to operate our midstream facilities; • damage to our facilities resulting from production volumes that do not comply with applicable specifications; and • inadequate transportation and/or market access to support production volumes, including lack of pipeline, rail terminals, produced water disposal facilities and/or third-party processing capacity. Any significant interruption at any of our gathering, treating, transporting, or processing facilities, or in our ability to provide gathering, treating, transporting, or processing services, could adversely affect our operations. Our business involves many hazards and operational risks, some of which may not be fully covered by insurance. If a significant incident or event occurs for which we are not adequately insured or if we fail to recover all anticipated insurance proceeds for significant incidents or events for which we are insured, our operations and financial results could be materially adversely affected. Our operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards inherent in the operation of gathering, treating, transporting, and processing systems, including: • damage to pipelines, processing plants, compression assets, related equipment, and surrounding properties caused by tornadoes, floods, freezes, fires and other natural disasters, and acts of terrorism; • inadvertent damage from construction, vehicles, farm, and utility equipment; • leaks or losses resulting from the malfunction of equipment or facilities; • ruptures, fires, and explosions; and • other hazards that could also result in personal injury and loss of life, pollution, and suspension of operations. These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage. The location of certain of our systems in or near 37 populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the damages resulting from such events. These events may also result in the curtailment or suspension of our operations. A natural disaster or any event such as those described above affecting the areas in which we and our customers operate could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Accidents or other operating risks could further result in loss of service available to our customers. Such circumstances, including those arising from maintenance and repair activities, could result in service interruptions on portions or all of our gathering systems. Potential customer impacts arising from service interruptions on segments of our gathering systems could include limitations on our ability to satisfy customer requirements, obligations to temporarily waive MVCs during times of constrained capacity, temporary or permanent release of production dedications, and solicitation of existing customers by others for potential new projects that would compete directly with our existing services. Such circumstances could materially adversely impact our ability to meet contractual obligations and retain customers, with a resulting negative impact on our business and results of operations. Although we have a range of insurance programs providing varying levels of protection for public liability, damage to property, loss of income and certain environmental hazards, we may not be insured against all causes of loss, claims or damage that may occur. If a significant incident or event occurs for which we are not fully insured, it could materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of industry or market conditions, including any reluctance by insurance companies to insure oil and gas operations for political or other reasons, premiums, and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies may substantially increase. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. Additionally, with regard to the assets we have acquired, we have limited indemnification rights to recover from the seller of the assets in the event of any potential environmental liabilities. We have had and continue to have discussions with unaffiliated third parties with respect to potential strategic transactions. We have had and continue to have discussions with unaffiliated third parties with respect to potential strategic transactions (each such transaction, a “Potential Transaction”). These discussions include Potential Transactions that would be material acquisitions. There can be no assurance that these discussions will result in the consummation of a Potential Transaction. If the Board of Directors decides to proceed with a Potential Transaction, or any other strategic alternative, it may not be at a valuation that our investors view as attractive relative to the value of our standalone business. Depending on the structure of any such Potential Transaction, we may be required to seek the approval of the transaction from our stockholders and raise additional equity or debt financing in connection with such Potential Transaction. In addition, the closing of any such transaction would be dependent upon a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other factors, market conditions, and regulatory factors. Our construction of new assets may not result in revenue increases and will be subject to regulatory, environmental, political, legal, and economic risks, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The construction of new assets, including for example, the Double E Pipeline, which was placed into service in November 2021, involve numerous regulatory, environmental, political, legal and economic uncertainties that are beyond our control. Such construction projects may also require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital and financing, traditional or otherwise, that may not be available on economically acceptable terms or at all. If we undertake these projects, our revenue may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds for a particular project and they may not be completed on schedule, at the budgeted cost, or at all. Moreover, we could construct facilities to capture anticipated future production growth in a region where such growth does not materialize or only materializes over a period materially longer than expected. To the extent we rely on estimates of future production in our decision to construct additions to our systems, such estimates may prove to be inaccurate due to the numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of future production. As a result, new facilities may not attract enough throughput to achieve our expected investment return, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the construction of additions or modifications to our existing gathering, treating, transporting, and processing assets and the construction of new midstream assets may require us to obtain federal, state, and local regulatory environmental or other authorizations. The approval process for gathering, treating, transporting, and processing activities has become increasingly challenging, due in part to state and local concerns related to unregulated exploration and production and gathering, treating, transporting, and processing activities in new production areas. Such authorization may not be granted or, if granted, such authorization may include burdensome or expensive conditions. In addition, various officials and candidates at the federal, state, and local levels have made climate-related pledges or proposed banning hydraulic fracturing altogether. As a result, we may be unable to obtain such authorizations and may, therefore, be unable to connect new volumes to our systems or 38 capitalize on other attractive expansion opportunities. A future government shutdown could delay the receipt of any federal regulatory approvals. Additionally, it may become more expensive or difficult for us to obtain authorizations or to renew existing authorizations. If the cost of renewing or obtaining new authorizations increases materially, our cash flows could be materially adversely affected. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to our operations. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities have been constructed, and we are, therefore, subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use if we do not have valid rights-of-way or if such rights-of-way lapse or terminate or if our pipelines are not properly located within the boundaries of such rights-of-way. We obtain the rights to construct and operate our pipelines on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies either perpetually or for a specific period of time. If we were to be unsuccessful in renegotiating rights-of-way, we might have to relocate our pipelines and related infrastructure. Our loss of these rights, through our inability to renew right-of-way contracts or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to operate our business effectively could be impaired if we fail to attract and retain key personnel, and a shortage of skilled labor in the midstream energy industry could reduce employee productivity and increase costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our ability to operate our business and implement our strategies depends on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel with midstream energy industry experience and competition for these persons in the midstream energy industry is intense. Given our size, we may be at a disadvantage, relative to our larger competitors, in the competition for these personnel. We may not be able to continue to employ our senior executives and key personnel or attract and retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to retain or attract our senior executives and key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to effectively operate our business. Furthermore, as a result of labor shortages, we have experienced difficulty in recruiting and hiring skilled labor throughout our organization. The operation of gathering, treating, transporting, and processing systems requires skilled laborers in multiple disciplines such as equipment operators, mechanics, and engineers, among others. If we continue to experience shortages of skilled labor in the future, our labor and overall productivity or costs could be materially adversely affected. If our labor prices increase or if we experience materially increased health and benefit costs with respect to our employees, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. A transition from hydrocarbon energy sources to alternative energy sources could lead to changes in demand, technology, and public sentiment, which could have material adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Increased public attention on climate change and corresponding changes in consumer, commercial and industrial preferences and behavior regarding energy use and generation may result in: • technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage, and consumption of energy (including advances in wind, solar and hydrogen power as well as battery technology); • increased availability of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, energy sources other than crude oil and natural gas (including wind, solar, nuclear, and geothermal sources as well as electric vehicles); and • development of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, lower-emission products and services (including electric vehicles and renewable residential and commercial power supplies) as well as more efficient products and services. Such developments relating to a transition from oil and gas to alternative energy sources and a lower-carbon economy may reduce the demand for natural gas and crude oil and other products made from hydrocarbons. Any significant decrease in the demand for natural gas and crude oil resulting from such developments could reduce the volumes of natural gas and crude oil that we gather and process, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Furthermore, if any such developments reduce the desirability of participating in the midstream oil and gas industry, then such developments could also reduce the availability to us of necessary third-party services or facilities that we rely on, which could increase our operational costs and have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Such developments and accompanying societal expectations on companies to address climate change, investor, and societal expectations regarding voluntary environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) initiatives and disclosures could, among other things, increase costs related to compliance and stakeholder engagement, increase reputational risk and negatively impact our access to and cost of accessing capital. For example, some prominent investors have announced their intention to no longer invest in the oil and gas sector, citing climate change concerns. If other financial institutions and investors refuse to invest in or provide capital to the oil and gas sector in the future because of these reputational risks, that could result in capital being 39 unavailable to us, or only at significantly increased cost. In addition, we have established a corporate strategy intended to meet ESG-related objectives. However, we cannot guarantee that our strategy will meet our ESG-related objectives on the timelines communicated or at all. Such initiatives are voluntary, not binding on our business or management and subject to change. We may determine in our discretion that it is not feasible or practical to implement or complete certain of our ESG-related initiatives, or to meet previously set goals and targets based on cost, timing, or other considerations. If we do not adapt to or comply with investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards on ESG matters (or meet ESG-related goals and targets that we have set), as they continue to evolve, if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately or quickly enough to growing concern for ESG and sustainability issues, regardless of whether there is a regulatory or legal requirement to do so, or if estimates, assumptions, and/or third-party information we currently believe to be reasonable are subsequently considered erroneous or misinterpreted, we may suffer from reputational damage and our business, financial condition, and/or stock price could be materially and adversely affected. Further, our operations, projects and growth opportunities require us to have strong relationships with various key stakeholders, including our stockholders, employees, suppliers, customers, local communities, and others. We may face pressure from stakeholders, many of whom are increasingly focused on climate change, to prioritize sustainable energy practices and reduce our carbon footprint. At the same time, others may disagree with the ESG initiatives we have set and recent political developments could subject the Company to increased risk of criticism or litigation risks from certain “anti-ESG” parties. If we do not successfully manage expectations across these varied stakeholder interests, it could erode stakeholder trust and thereby affect our brand and reputation. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings systems for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG and sustainability matters. These ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG and sustainability ratings may lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us and our industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. To the extent unfavorable ESG and sustainability ratings negatively affect our reputation, it may also harm our ability to attract or retain employees or customers. Furthermore, negative public perception regarding the oil and gas industry resulting from, among other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups about climate change, emissions, hydraulic fracturing, seismicity, or oil spills may lead to increased litigation risk and regulatory, legislative and judicial scrutiny, which may, in turn, lead to new state and federal safety and environmental laws, regulations, guidelines and enforcement interpretations. These actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating costs, additional regulatory burdens, including enhanced disclosure obligations, and increased risk of litigation. More broadly, the enactment of climate change-related policies and initiatives across the market at the corporate level and/or investor community level may in the future result in increases in our compliance costs and other operating costs and have other adverse effects (e.g., greater potential for governmental investigations or litigation, driving down demand for our products, or stimulating demand for alternative forms of energy that do not rely on combustion of fossil fuels). Tariffs and other trade measures could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. The cost of raw materials, parts, and components that are manufactured and supplied for our operations may be adversely affected by tariffs imposed by the U.S. government on products imported into the U.S. and tariffs or other retaliatory trade measures imposed by other jurisdictions. Tariffs and other trade restrictions could also disrupt our supply chain and logistics, restrict or limit the availability of materials or supplies, and cause adverse financial impacts due to volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates or inflationary pressures on raw materials and energy. We may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of these increased costs or pass price increases on to our customers. While tariffs and other retaliatory trade measures imposed by other countries on U.S. goods have not yet had a significant impact on our business or results of operations, we cannot predict further developments, and such existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Recently, the U.S. has proposed changes in trade policies that include export control restrictions, the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the U.S., increased economic sanctions on individuals, companies, or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, and a number of other nations have proposed similar measures directed at trade with the U.S. in response. As a result of these developments, there may be greater restrictions and economic disincentives on international trade that could adversely affect our business. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations to adapt to or comply with any such changes, and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position. 40 Risks Related to Our Finances Limited access to and/or availability of the commercial bank market or debt and equity capital markets could impair our ability to grow or cause us to be unable to meet future capital requirements. To expand our asset base, whether through acquisitions or organic growth, we will need to make expansion capital expenditures. We also frequently consider and enter into discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions. In addition, the terms of certain of our gathering and processing agreements also require us to spend significant amounts of capital, over a short period of time, to construct and develop additional midstream assets to support our customers’ development projects. Depending on our customers’ future development plans, it is possible that the capital required to construct and develop such assets could exceed our ability to finance those expenditures using our cash reserves or available capacity under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility or the New Permian Transmission Facility. We plan to use cash from operations, incur borrowings, and/or sell additional shares of capital stock or other securities to fund our future expansion capital expenditures. Our ability to obtain financing or to access the capital markets for future debt or equity offerings may be limited by (i) our financial condition at the time of any such financing or offering, (ii) covenants in our debt agreements, (iii) restrictions imposed by our Series A Preferred Stock, (iv) general economic conditions and contingencies, (v) increasing disfavor among many investors towards investments in fossil fuel companies and (vi) general weakness in the debt and equity capital markets and other uncertainties that are beyond our control, including political uncertainty in the U.S. (including the ongoing debates related to the U.S. federal government budget), volatility and disruption in global capital and credit markets (including those resulting from geopolitical events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine or ongoing conflict in the Middle East), uncertainty regarding increases or decreases in interest rates resulting from changes in the federal funds rate range targeted by the Federal Reserve, pandemics, epidemics and other outbreaks, such as COVID-19, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions. In addition, lenders are facing increasing pressure to curtail their lending activities to companies in the oil and natural gas industry. We have not made a dividend on our common stock since we announced the suspension of payments of distributions on May 3, 2020. Additionally, we have accrued and unpaid dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock. The suspensions of dividends and the accrued and unpaid dividends  may further reduce demand for our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock. Because our Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to distribution rights, any accrued amounts on our Series A Preferred Stock must first be paid prior to our resumption of dividends to holders of our common stock. As of December 31, 2025, the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock totaled $46.6 million. In March 2026, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the payment of any and all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock, including the $46.6 million of accrued and unpaid dividends outstanding as of December 31, 2025.  The Company expects to pay the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock upon satisfaction of certain notice requirements, which the Company expects to complete by March 31, 2026. Further, absent a material change to our business, we do not expect to pay dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our debt agreements restrict our ability to pay cash dividends on any of our equity securities. As such, if we are unable to raise expansion capital, we may lose the opportunity to make acquisitions, pursue new organic development projects, or to gather, treat and process new production volumes from our customers with whom we have agreed to construct and develop midstream assets in the future. Even if we are successful in obtaining external funds for expansion capital expenditures through the capital markets, the terms thereof could limit our ability to pay dividends to our common equity holders. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. Our leverage and debt service obligations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects, and may limit our flexibility to obtain financing and to pursue other business opportunities. As of December 31, 2025, we had $1.1 billion of indebtedness outstanding and the unused portion of the Amended and Restated ABL Facility totaled $385.7 million after giving effect to certain adjustments that are primarily related to the issuance of $0.8 million in outstanding but undrawn irrevocable standby letters of credit. Our existing and future debt services obligations could have significant consequences, including among other things: • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes and/or obtaining such financing on favorable terms; • reducing our funds available for operations, future business opportunities, and cash dividends by that portion of our cash flow required to make interest payments on our debt; • increasing our vulnerability to competitive pressures or a downturn in our business or the economy generally; and • limiting our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 41 Our ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as commodity prices and governmental regulation. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or to refinance, which may not be successful. Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance, our indebtedness obligations, including the Amended and Restated ABL Facility, the New Permian Transmission Facility, and the 2029 Secured Notes, depends on our financial condition, and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If our operating cash flows, and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to adopt alternative financing strategies, such as reducing or delaying investments and capital expenditures, selling assets, seeking additional capital or restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness, some or all of which may not be available to us on terms acceptable to us, if at all, or such alternative strategies may yield insufficient funds to make required payments on our indebtedness. The 2029 Secured Notes will mature on October 31, 2029 and have interest payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15. As of December 31, 2025, $825.0 million of the 2029 Secured Notes were outstanding. The Amended and Restated ABL Facility will mature on the earliest of (a) July 26, 2029, (b) July 31, 2029 if either (i) the outstanding amount of the 2029 Secured Notes (or any refinancing debt permitted under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility in respect thereof that has a final maturity date, scheduled amortization or any other scheduled repayment, mandatory prepayment, mandatory redemption or sinking fund obligation prior to the date that is 91 days after the Amended and Restated ABL Termination Date (provided, that the terms of such permitted refinancing debt may (x) require the payment of interest from time to time and (y) include customary mandatory redemptions, prepayments or offers to purchase with proceeds of asset sales or upon the occurrence of a change of control)) on such date equals or exceeds $50.0 million or (ii) the outstanding amount of such debt described in clause (i) above on such date is less than $50.0 million and Liquidity (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Agreement) at any time on or after such date is less than the sum of (A) such outstanding amount and (B) the greater of (x) 10% of the aggregate Commitments (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Agreement) then in effect and (y) $50.0 million (and, for the avoidance of doubt, once the Amended and Restated ABL Termination Date occurs it may not be unwound as a result of Liquidity (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Agreement) increasing on a subsequent date), or (c) any date on which the aggregate Commitments terminate thereunder. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets, including the market for senior secured or unsecured notes, and our financial condition at the time. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates, may require the pledging of collateral, and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants than we are currently subject to, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. In the absence of sufficient cash flows and capital resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. The agreements governing our debt place certain restrictions on our ability to dispose of assets and our use of the proceeds from such dispositions. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and the proceeds of any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. Further, if for any reason we are unable to meet our debt service and principal repayment obligations, or if we fail to comply with the financial covenants in the documents governing our debt, we would be in default under the terms of the agreements governing our debt, which would allow our creditors under those agreements to declare all outstanding indebtedness thereunder to be due and payable (which would in turn trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default rights among our other debt agreements), the lenders under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could terminate their commitments to extend credit, and the lenders could foreclose against our assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If the amounts outstanding under our debt agreements were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the amounts owed to our creditors. 42 Restrictions in the New Permian Transmission Credit Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes and the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash dividends. We are dependent upon the earnings and cash flows generated by our operations to meet our debt service obligations and to make cash dividends. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the New Permian Transmission Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, the Amended and Restated ABL Facility and any future financing agreements could restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities. For example, the Amended and Restated ABL Facility, the New Permian Transmission Facility and the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, taken together, restrict our ability to, among other things: • incur or guarantee certain additional debt; • make certain cash dividends on or redeem or repurchase certain equity securities; • make payments on certain other indebtedness; • make certain investments and acquisitions; • make certain capital expenditures; • incur certain liens or other encumbrances or permit them to exist; • enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; • enter into sale and lease-back transactions and certain operating leases; • merge or consolidate with another company or otherwise engage in a change of control transaction; and • transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets. The Amended and Restated ABL Facility also contains covenants requiring Summit Holdings to maintain certain financial ratios and meet certain tests. Summit Holdings’ ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond its control, and we cannot guarantee that Summit Holdings will meet those ratios and tests. The provisions of the New Permian Transmission Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, and the Amended and Restated ABL Facility may affect our ability to obtain future financing and pursue attractive business opportunities as well as affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in business conditions. In addition, a failure to comply with the provisions of the New Permian Transmission Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, and the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could result in a default or an event of default that could enable our lenders and/or senior noteholders to declare the outstanding principal of that debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay the accelerated amounts, the lenders under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure such debt. If the payment of the debt is accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay such debt in full, and our equity holders could experience a partial or total loss of their investment. The Amended and Restated ABL Facility also has cross default provisions that apply to any other indebtedness we may have, and the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes have cross default provisions that apply to certain other indebtedness. The New Permian Transmission Facility also has cross default provisions that apply to certain other indebtedness that Permian Transmission or Double E may have. Any of these restrictions in the Amended and Restated ABL Facility, the New Permian Transmission Facility and the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Inflation could have adverse effects on our results of operation. Although inflation in the U.S. had been relatively low for many years, there was a significant increase in inflation beginning in the second half of 2021 through 2023 due to a substantial increase in money supply, a stimulative fiscal policy, a significant rebound in consumer demand as COVID-19 restrictions were relaxed, the Russia-Ukraine war and worldwide supply chain disruptions resulting from the economic contraction caused by COVID-19 and lockdowns followed by a rapid recovery. Inflation rose from 5.4% in June 2021 to 7.0% in December 2021 to 8.2% in September 2022. While inflation has declined since the second half of 2022, declining to 2.7% in December 2025, further increases in inflation in 2026 could increase our labor and other operating costs and the overall cost of capital projects we undertake. An increase in inflation rates could negatively affect our profitability and cash flows, due to higher wages, higher operating costs, higher financing costs, and/or higher supplier prices. We may be unable to pass along such higher costs to its customers. In addition, inflation may adversely affect customers’ financing costs, cash flows, and profitability, which could adversely impact their operations and our ability to offer credit and collect receivables. 43 An increase in interest rates will cause our debt service obligations to increase. Between March 2022 and July 2023, the Federal Reserve raised its target range for the federal funds rate by 5.25%, to a high of 5.25% to 5.50% from July 2023 to September 2024. While the Federal Reserve has since lowered its target range multiple times to a current target range of 3.50% to 3.75%, the timing of any potential increases or decreases remains uncertain. Borrowings under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility and the New Permian Transmission Facility bear interest at rates equal to SOFR plus margin. The interest rates are subject to adjustment based on fluctuations in SOFR, as applicable. An increase in the interest rates associated with our floating rate debt would increase our debt service costs and affect our results of operations and cash flow available for payments of our debt obligations. In addition, an increase in interest rates could adversely affect our future ability to obtain financing or materially increase the cost of any additional financing. A downgrade of our credit rating could impact our liquidity, access to capital and our costs of doing business, and independent third parties determine our credit ratings outside of our control. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings, Inc. assign ratings to our senior unsecured credit from time to time. A downgrade of our credit rating could increase our future cost of borrowing and could require us to post collateral with third parties, including our hedging arrangements, which could negatively impact our available liquidity and increase our cost of debt. If a credit rating downgrade and the resultant cash collateral requirement were to occur at a time when we are experiencing significant working capital requirements or otherwise lacking liquidity, our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. We have in the past and may in the future incur losses due to an impairment in the carrying value of our long-lived assets or equity method investments. We recorded long-lived asset impairments of $2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, $68.3 million in 2024, and $0.5 million in 2023. When evidence exists that we will not be able to recover a long-lived asset’s carrying value through future cash flows, we write down the carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value. We test long-lived assets for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. With respect to property, plant and equipment, and our amortizing intangible assets, the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if the carrying value exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the asset’s use and eventual disposal. In this situation, we recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the asset’s fair value. We determine fair value using either a market-based approach, an income-based approach in which we discount the asset’s expected future cash flows to reflect the risk associated with achieving the underlying cash flows, or a mixture of both market-and income-based approaches. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that a decline in fair value is other than temporary. Any impairment determinations involve significant assumptions and judgments. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to impairment charges. Adverse changes in our business or the overall operating environment, such as lower commodity prices, may affect our estimate of future operating results, which could result in future impairment due to the potential impact on our operations and cash flows. A portion of our revenues are directly exposed to changes in crude oil, natural gas and NGL prices, and our exposure may increase in the future. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we derived 48% of our revenues from (i) the sale of physical natural gas and/or NGLs purchased under percentage-of-proceeds or other processing arrangements with certain of our customers in the Rockies, Piceance and Mid-Con segments, (ii) the sale of natural gas we retain from certain Mid-Con customers, (iii) the sale of condensate we retain from our gathering services in the Rockies and Piceance segment and (iv) additional gathering fees that are tied to performance of certain commodity price indexes, which are then added to the fixed gathering rates. Consequently, our existing operations and cash flows have direct exposure to commodity price risk. Although we will seek to limit our commodity price exposure with new customers in the future, our efforts to obtain fee-based contractual terms may not be successful or the local market for our services may not support fee-based gathering and processing agreements. For example, we have percent-of-proceeds contracts with certain natural gas producer customers and we may, in the future, enter into additional percent-of-proceeds contracts with these customers or other customers or enter into keep-whole arrangements, which would increase our exposure to commodity price risk, as the revenues generated from those contracts directly correlate with the fluctuating price of the underlying commodities. Furthermore, we may acquire or develop additional midstream assets in the future that have a greater exposure to fluctuations in commodity price risk than our current operations. Future exposure to the volatility of natural gas and crude oil prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, for a small portion of the natural gas gathered on our systems, we purchase natural gas from producers prior to delivering the natural gas to pipelines where we typically resell the natural gas under arrangements including sales at index prices. Generally, the gross margins we 44 realize under these arrangements decrease in periods of low natural gas prices. If we expand the implementation of such natural gas purchase and sale arrangements within our business, such fluctuations could materially affect our business. Regulatory and Environmental Policy Risks We settled a matter that was previously under investigation by federal and state regulatory agencies regarding a pipeline rupture and release of produced water by one of our subsidiaries. The resulting compliance requirements of the settlement may impact our results of operations or cash flows. On August 4, 2021, we settled an incident involving a produced water disposal pipeline owned by our subsidiary Meadowlark Midstream that resulted in a discharge of materials into the environment, which was investigated by federal and state agencies. This settlement resulted in losses amounting to $36.3 million and will be paid over five (5) to six (6) years, of which we have paid principal amounts of $28.0 million as of December 31, 2025, and requires compliance with certain conditions and terms and conditions, which may impact our results of operations or cash flows. We may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As a result, we may be required to expend significant funds for legal defense or to settle claims. Any such loss, if incurred, could be material. Expenditures made by us for the payment of litigation related costs, including legal defense costs and settlement payments, if any, reduce our cash flows available for debt service and dividends. Any such expenditures, if incurred, could be material. A change in laws and regulations applicable to our assets or services, or the interpretation or implementation of existing laws and regulations may cause our revenues to decline or our operation and maintenance expenses to increase. Various aspects of our operations are subject to regulation by the various federal, state, and local departments and agencies that have jurisdiction over participants in the energy industry. The regulation of our activities and the natural gas and crude oil industries frequently change as they are reviewed by legislators and regulators. For example, in January 2025, PHMSA submitted a final rule to the Federal Register to amend regulations to reduce methane emissions from new and existing gas transmission, distribution, and regulated gas gathering pipelines with strengthened leakage survey and patrolling requirements, performance standards for advanced leak detection programs, leak grading and repair criteria with mandatory repair timelines, requirements for mitigation of emissions from blowdowns, pressure relief device design, configuration, and maintenance requirements, clarified requirements for investigating failures, and expanded reporting requirements. However, before the final rule could be published in the Federal Register, President Trump issued a “regulatory freeze” executive order, withdrawing the rule and preventing its publication in the Federal Register. In addition, the U.S. House of Representatives has not passed H.R. 4818, a bill introduced in July 2025 to effectuate the January 2025 final rule. To the extent these or other new proposed or final rules create additional requirements for our pipelines, they could have a material adverse effect on our operations, operating and maintenance expenses and revenues. For additional information on the potential risks associated with PHMSA requirements, see “—We may incur greater than anticipated costs and liabilities as a result of pipeline safety requirements.” In addition, the adoption of proposals for more stringent legislation, regulation or taxation of drilling activity could directly curtail such activity or increase the cost of drilling, resulting in reduced levels of drilling activity and therefore reduced demand for our services. For example, Colorado Senate Bill 19-181, signed into law in April 2019, changed the mandate of the Colorado Energy and Carbon Management Commission (“ECMC,” formerly the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission) from fostering oil and gas development to regulating oil and gas development in a reasonable manner to protect public health and the environment. The law also allows local governments to impose more restrictive requirements on oil and gas operations than those issued by the state. As part of its implementation of this law, in November 2020 the ECMC adopted new regulations that increase oil and gas setbacks to a minimum of 2,000 feet from schools and childcare facilities, prohibit routine venting and flaring, increase wildlife protections, and alter certain aspects of the permitting process. In addition, in May 2024, the Governor of Colorado signed into law Senate Bill 24-230, which imposes a production fee that applies to all oil and gas produced by a producer in the state on or after July 1, 2025, to fund clean transit initiatives. These regulations and similar efforts in Colorado and elsewhere could restrict oil and gas development in the future. Regulatory agencies establish and, from time to time, change priorities, which may result in additional burdens on us, such as additional reporting requirements and more frequent audits of operations. Our operations and the markets in which we participate are affected by these laws, regulations and interpretations and may be affected by changes to them or their implementation, which may cause us to realize materially lower revenues or incur materially increased operation and maintenance costs or both. Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in customer production, which could materially adversely impact our revenues. Hydraulic fracturing is an important and increasingly common practice that is used to stimulate production of natural gas and/or crude oil from dense subsurface rock formations and is primarily regulated by state agencies. However, Congress has in the past considered, and may in the future consider, legislation to regulate hydraulic fracturing by federal agencies. Many states have 45 already adopted laws and/or regulations that require disclosure of the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing. A number of states – such as Colorado, as discussed above – have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well construction requirements on crude oil and/or natural gas drilling activities. For example, during the 2021-2022 election cycle, Colorado representatives proposed a ballot initiative to ban hydraulic fracturing on all non-federal land, but the proposed initiative failed to garner significant support. States also could elect to prohibit hydraulic fracturing altogether, as New York, Maryland, Oregon, Washington, California, and Vermont have done. In addition, certain local governments have adopted, and additional local governments may adopt, ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place, and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. These initiatives and similar efforts in Colorado and elsewhere could restrict oil and gas development in the future. The EPA has also moved forward with various regulatory actions, including announcing final new regulations under the NSPS to expand and strengthen emissions reduction requirements for new, modified, and reconstructed oil and natural gas sources, and require states to reduce methane emissions from existing sources nationwide. The BLM has also asserted regulatory authority over aspects of the hydraulic fracturing process and issued a final rule in March 2015 that established more stringent standards for performing hydraulic fracturing on federal and Indian lands, including requirements relating to well construction and integrity, handling of wastewater and chemical disclosure. However, in December 2017, the BLM published a final rule rescinding the 2015 rule. The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California upheld the December 2017 rescission rule in a March 2020 decision, and the State of California and environmental plaintiffs appealed. A motion by the State of California to voluntarily dismiss the appeal was granted in September 2025. The March 2015 rule currently remains rescinded. Further, several federal governmental agencies (including the EPA) have conducted reviews and studies on the environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing in the past. The results of such reviews or studies could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing. State and federal regulatory agencies have also focused on a possible connection between the hydraulic fracturing related activities and the increased occurrence of seismic activity. When caused by human activity, such events are called induced seismicity. Some state regulatory agencies, including those in Colorado, Oklahoma and Texas, have modified their regulations or guidance to account for induced seismicity. These developments could result in additional regulation and restrictions on the use of injection disposal wells and hydraulic fracturing. Such regulations and restrictions could cause delays and impose additional costs and restrictions on our customers. Additionally, certain of our customers produce oil and gas on federal lands. On January 20, 2021, the Acting Secretary for the DOI signed an order effectively suspending new fossil fuel leasing and permitting on federal lands for 60 days. In April 2024, the DOI finalized updates to its onshore oil and gas leasing regulations, including revised royalty rates and bonding requirements and attempts to direct oil and gas development away from wildlife habitat and cultural sites, which could further restrict oil and gas exploration and production on federal lands. However, in January 2025, President Trump issued executive orders directing the heads of federal agencies to (i) facilitate the leasing of domestic energy resources, including on federal lands and (ii) identify and begin the processes to suspend, revise, or rescind all agency actions that impose an undue burden on the identification, development, or use of domestic energy resources. In addition, in September 2025, the DOI announced its intent to rescind the April 2024 rule. As a result, future implementation and enforcement of the final rule remains uncertain. If new or more stringent federal, state, or local legal restrictions relating to drilling activities or to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted, this could result in a reduction in the supply of natural gas and/or crude oil that our customers produce, and could thereby adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Compliance with such rules could also generally result in additional costs, including increased capital expenditures and operating costs, for our customers, which could ultimately decrease end-user demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to FERC jurisdiction, federal anti-market manipulation laws and regulations, potentially other federal regulatory requirements and state, and local regulation and could be materially affected by changes in such laws and regulations, or in the way they are interpreted and enforced. We believe that our natural gas pipeline facilities qualify as gathering facilities that are exempt from the jurisdiction of FERC under the NGA and the NGPA. Interstate movements of crude oil on the Epping Pipeline in North Dakota are subject to FERC jurisdiction under the ICA, and the rates, terms and conditions of service, and practices on the pipeline are subject to review and challenge before FERC. Additionally, the Double E Pipeline, which provides interstate natural gas transmission service from southeastern New Mexico to the Waha hub in Texas, is subject to FERC jurisdiction under the NGA with respect to post-construction remediation activities, operations, and rates and terms and conditions of service. Pursuant to the NGA, Double E Pipeline’s existing interstate natural gas transportation rates and terms and conditions of service may be challenged by complaint and are subject to prospective change by FERC. Additionally, rate changes and changes to terms and conditions of service proposed by a regulated natural gas interstate pipeline may be protested and such changes can be delayed and may ultimately be rejected by 46 FERC. FERC may also initiate reviews of an interstate pipeline’s rates. We cannot guarantee that any new or existing tariff rate for service on our FERC-regulated pipelines would not be rejected or modified by the FERC or subjected to refunds. Any successful challenge by a regulator or shipper in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to sign a contract for service at a “negotiated rate,” which is generally fixed between the natural gas pipeline and the shipper for the contract term and does not necessarily vary with changes in the level of cost-based “recourse rates,” provided that the affected customer is willing to agree to such rates and that the FERC has accepted the negotiated rate agreement. These “negotiated or discount rate” contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased costs, which could be caused by inflation or other factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services and, as a result, our costs could exceed our revenues received under such contracts. Any shortfall of revenue, representing the difference between “recourse rates” (if higher) and negotiated or discounted rates, under current FERC policy, may be recoverable from other shippers in certain circumstances. For example, the FERC may recognize this shortfall in the determination of prospective rates in a future rate case. However, if the FERC were to disallow the recovery of such costs from other customers, it could decrease the cash flow realized by our assets. We are also generally subject to the anti-market manipulation provisions in the NGA, as amended by the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and to FERC’s regulations thereunder, and also must comply with the other applicable provisions of the NGA and NGPA and FERC’s rules, regulations, and orders concerning the Double E Pipeline’s interstate natural gas pipeline business, including those that require us to provide firm and interruptible transportation service on an open access basis that is not unduly discriminatory or preferential. Violations of the NGA or NGPA, or the rules, regulations, and orders issued by FERC thereunder could result in the imposition of administrative and criminal remedies, including without limitation, revocation of certain authorities, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains, and civil penalties of up to approximately $1.6 million per day per violation of the NGA or its implementing regulations, subject to future adjustment for inflation. In addition, the FTC holds statutory authority under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to prevent market manipulation in oil markets and has adopted broad rules and regulations prohibiting fraud and market manipulation. The FTC is also authorized to seek fines of up to approximately $1.5 million per violation, subject to future adjustment for inflation. The CFTC is directed under the CEA to prevent price manipulation in the commodity, futures, and swaps markets, including the energy markets. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, and other authority, the CFTC has adopted additional anti-market manipulation regulations that prohibit fraud and price manipulation in the commodity, futures, and swaps markets. The CFTC also has statutory authority to seek civil penalties of up to the greater of approximately $1.5 million per violation, subject to future adjustment for inflation, or triple the monetary gain to the violator for each violation of the anti-market manipulation provisions of the CEA. The distinction between federally unregulated natural gas and crude oil pipelines and FERC-regulated natural gas and crude oil pipelines has been the subject of extensive litigation and is determined by FERC on a case-by-case basis. FERC has made no determinations as to the status of our facilities. Consequently, the classification and regulation of some of our pipelines could change based on future determinations by FERC, Congress, or the courts. If our natural gas gathering operations or crude oil operations beyond the Epping Pipeline become subject to FERC jurisdiction under the NGA, the NGPA or the ICA, the result may materially adversely affect the rates we are able to charge and the services we currently provide and may include the potential for a termination of our gathering agreements with our customers. In addition, if any of our facilities were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the NGA, the NGPA or the ICA, this could result in the imposition of civil penalties as well as a requirement to disgorge charges collected for such services in excess of the rate established by FERC. We are subject to state and local regulation regarding the construction and operation of our gathering, treating, transporting, and processing systems, as well as state ratable take statutes and regulations. Regulation of the construction and operation of our facilities may affect our ability to expand our facilities or build new facilities and such regulation may cause us to incur additional operating costs or limit the quantities of natural gas and crude oil we may gather, treat, and process. Ratable take statutes and regulations generally require gatherers to take natural gas and crude oil production that may be tendered for gathering without undue discrimination. These requirements restrict our right to decide whose production we gather, treat, and process. Many states have adopted complaint-based regulation of gathering, treating, transporting, and processing activities, which allows producers and shippers to file complaints with state regulators in an effort to resolve access issues, rate grievances, and other matters. Other state and municipal regulations do not directly apply to our business but may nonetheless affect the availability of natural gas and crude oil for gathering, treating, transporting, and processing, including state regulation of production rates, maximum daily production allowable from wells, and other activities related to drilling and operating wells. While our facilities currently are subject to limited state and local regulation, there is a risk that state or local laws will be changed or reinterpreted, which may materially affect our operations, operating costs, and revenues. 47 We are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. Our gathering, treating, transporting, and processing operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, including laws and regulations regarding the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection, including, for example, the CAA, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Clean Water Act, the Oil Pollution Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the ESA and the Toxic Substances Control Act. It is possible that future changes in environmental laws, regulations, or enforcement policies, including judicial or agency opinions or orders, could impose additional requirements or give rise to claims for damages to persons, property, natural resources, or the environment. These laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations that are applicable to our operations, including the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities, the incurrence of capital or operating expenditures to limit or prevent releases of materials from our pipelines and facilities, and the imposition of substantial liabilities and remedial obligations for pollution resulting from our operations or at locations currently or previously owned or operated by us. Numerous governmental authorities, such as the EPA and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly corrective actions or costly pollution control measures. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and requisite permits may result in the assessment of significant administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations and the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations. In addition, we may experience a delay in obtaining or be unable to obtain required permits or regulatory authorizations, which may cause us to lose potential and current customers, interrupt our operations and limit our growth and revenue. There is a risk that we may incur significant environmental costs and liabilities in connection with our operations due to historical industry operations and waste disposal practices, our handling of hydrocarbons and other wastes and potential emissions and discharges related to our operations. Joint and several strict liability may be incurred, without regard to fault, under certain of these environmental laws and regulations in connection with discharges or releases of hydrocarbon wastes on, under or from our properties and facilities, many of which have been used for midstream activities for a number of years, oftentimes by third parties not under our control. Private parties, including the owners of the properties through which our gathering systems pass, and on which certain of our facilities are located, may also have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage. For example, an accidental release from one of our pipelines could subject us to substantial liabilities arising from environmental cleanup and restoration costs, claims made by neighboring landowners and other third parties for personal injury and property damage and fines or penalties for related violations of environmental laws or regulations. In addition, changes in environmental laws occur frequently, and any such changes that result in additional permitting obligations or more stringent and costly waste handling, storage, transport, disposal, or remediation requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position. We may not be able to recover all or any of these costs from insurance. Revisions to the leasing and permitting programs for oil and gas development on federal lands could materially adversely affect our industry and our financial condition, and results of operations. We may incur greater than anticipated costs and liabilities as a result of pipeline safety requirements. The DOT, through PHMSA, has adopted and enforces safety standards, and procedures applicable to our pipelines. In addition, many states, including the states in which we operate, have adopted regulations that are identical to or more restrictive than existing DOT regulations for intrastate pipelines. Among the regulations applicable to us, PHMSA requires pipeline operators to develop integrity management programs for certain pipelines located in high consequence areas, which include high population areas such as the Dallas-Fort Worth greater metropolitan area where our DFW Midstream Services LLC system is located. While the majority of our pipelines have historically met the DOT definition of gathering lines and were thus exempt from PHMSA’s integrity management requirements, we also operate a limited number of pipelines that are subject to the integrity management requirements. The regulations require operators, including us, to: • perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity; • identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a high consequence area; • maintain processes for data collection, integration and analysis; • repair and remediate pipelines as necessary; • adopt and maintain procedures, standards, and training programs for control room operations; and • implement preventive and mitigating actions. 48 For additional information on PHMSA regulations relating to pipeline safety, see “—A change in laws and regulations applicable to our assets or services, or the interpretation or implementation of existing laws and regulations may cause our revenues to decline or our operation and maintenance expenses to increase.” Climate change legislation, regulatory initiatives, and litigation could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the services we provide. The U.S. Congress has considered legislation to restrict or regulate emissions of GHGs, such as carbon dioxide and methane, that may be contributing to global warming and energy legislation and other initiatives are expected to be proposed that may be relevant to GHG emissions issues. For example, the IRA, signed into law in August 2022, includes a Methane Emissions Reduction Program to incentivize methane emission reductions and impose a WEC on GHG emissions from certain oil and gas facilities that are already required to report under the EPA’s GHG reporting rule. Emissions reported under the GHG reporting rule will be the basis for any payments under the Methane Emissions Reduction Program. However, in March 2025, President Trump signed Congress’ Joint Resolution of Disapproval of the WEC and in May 2025, the EPA issued a final rule removing the WEC regulations from the Code of Federal Regulations. In July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act postponed the WEC’s effective date to 2034. Consequently, future implementation and enforcement of these rules remains uncertain at this time. In addition, almost half of the states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, have begun to address GHG emissions, primarily through the planned development of emission inventories or regional GHG cap and trade programs. Most of these cap and trade programs work by requiring either major sources of emissions, such as electric power plants, or major producers of fuels, such as refineries and gas processing plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances. In general, the number of allowances available for purchase is reduced each year until the overall GHG emission reduction goal is achieved. Depending on the scope of a particular program, we could be required to purchase and surrender allowances for GHG emissions resulting from our operations (e.g., at compressor stations). It is possible that certain components of our operations, such as our gas-fired compressors, could become subject to state-level GHG-related regulation. For example, in June 2022, as part of a Governor-directed statewide initiative to reduce GHG emissions by at least 45% by 2030, the New Mexico Environment Department finalized rules that establish emissions standards for volatile organic compounds and nitrogen oxides for oil and gas production and processing sources located in certain areas of the state with high ozone concentrations. Similarly, due to recent legislation approved in May 2024, the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment is now required to propose rules to the Colorado Air Quality Control Commission to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions that oil and gas operations generate by 50% by 2030 relative to 2017 levels. We cannot currently determine the effect of these proposed regulations and other regulatory initiatives to implement state directives to reduce GHG emissions, that could, if implemented, impact the business, reputation, financial condition, or results of our operations or that of our customers. In addition, in April 2021, the New Mexico Department of Energy, Minerals, and Natural Resources (“EMNRD”) finalized rules concerning venting and flaring of natural gas. EMNRD’s final rule could impose new or increased costs and obligations on our customers upstream of the Double E Pipeline. Independent of Congress, the EPA has adopted regulations under its existing CAA authority. In 2009, the EPA published its findings that emissions of GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are contributing to warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other climatic changes (the “Endangerment Finding”). Based on these findings, the EPA adopted regulations that, among other things, establish Prevention of Significant Deterioration construction and Title V operating permit reviews for certain large stationary sources of GHG emissions. However, in February 2026, the EPA issued a final rule rescinding the Endangerment Finding, asserting that the Endangerment Finding exceeded the agency’s statutory authority. That same month, a coalition of environmental and public health organizations filed suit challenging the rescission. The implications of the February 2026 rule, including any subsequent changes to existing emissions standards, and the ultimate outcome of the related litigation remain uncertain. At the international level, the U.S. joined the international community at the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France in 2021, which resulted in the Paris Agreement, pursuant to which signatory countries agreed to nationally determine their contributions and set GHG emission reduction goals. In January 2025, President Trump issued an executive order directing the immediate notice to the United Nations of the U.S.’ withdrawal from the Paris Agreement and all other agreements made under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The withdrawal became effective in January 2026. The U.S. did not send an official delegation to COP30, and on January 7, 2026, President Trump announced the formal withdrawal of the U.S. from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in a presidential memorandum. At the same time, various state and local governments in the U.S. have committed to continue furthering the goals of the Paris Agreement, and many of these initiatives are expected to continue. In addition, enhanced climate disclosure requirements could accelerate the trend of certain stakeholders and lenders restricting or seeking more stringent conditions with respect to their investments in certain carbon intensive sectors. Although it is not possible at this time to accurately estimate how potential future laws or regulations addressing GHG emissions would impact our business, either directly or indirectly, any future federal or state laws or implementing regulations 49 that may be adopted to address climate change and GHG emissions could require us to incur increased operating costs and could materially adversely affect demand for our services. The potential increase in the costs of our operations resulting from any legislation or regulation to address climate change or restrict emissions of GHG could include new or increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our GHG emissions, pay any taxes related to our GHG emissions, adhere to alternative energy requirements and administer and manage a GHG emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of such increased costs in the rates we charge, such recovery of costs is uncertain. Moreover, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for our services. We cannot predict with any certainty at this time how these possibilities may affect our operations. Statutory and regulatory requirements for swap transactions could have an adverse impact on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business and increase the working capital requirements to conduct these activities. In the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress adopted comprehensive financial reform legislation that establishes federal oversight over and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in that market. Under this legislation, the CFTC and the SEC and other regulatory authorities have promulgated rules and regulations, including rules and regulations relating to the regulation of certain swaps market participants, such as swap dealers, the clearing of certain swaps through central counterparties, the execution of certain swaps on designated contract markets or swap execution facilities, mandatory margin requirements for uncleared swaps, and the reporting and recordkeeping of swaps. In light of the continuing adjustment of the regulations, we cannot predict the ultimate effect of the rules and regulations on our business. Any new regulations or modifications to existing regulations could increase the cost of derivative contracts, limit the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts, or increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. In October 2020, the CFTC adopted rules that place limits on positions in certain core futures and equivalent swaps contracts for or linked to certain physical commodities, subject to exceptions for certain bona fide hedging transactions. We do not expect these regulations to materially impede our hedging activity at this time, but a companion rule on aggregation among entities under common ownership or control may have an impact on our ability to hedge our exposure to certain enumerated commodities. The CFTC has implemented final rules regarding mandatory clearing of certain classes of interest rate swaps and certain classes of index credit default swaps. Mandatory trading on designated contract markets or swap execution facilities of certain interest rate swaps and index credit default swaps also began in 2014. At this time, the CFTC has not proposed any rules designating other classes of swaps, including physical commodity swaps, for mandatory clearing. The CFTC and prudential banking regulators also adopted mandatory margin requirements on uncleared swaps between swap dealers and certain other counterparties. Although we may qualify for a commercial end-user exception from the mandatory clearing, trade execution and certain uncleared swaps margin requirements, mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements and uncleared swaps margin requirements applicable to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may affect the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is also directed generally to prevent price manipulation and fraud in the following two markets: (i) physical commodities traded in interstate commerce, including physical energy and other commodities, and (ii) financial instruments, such as futures, options, and swaps. The CFTC has adopted additional anti-market manipulation, anti-fraud and disruptive trading practices regulations that prohibit, among other things, fraud and price manipulation in the physical commodities, futures, options, and swaps markets. Should we violate these laws and regulations, we could be subject to CFTC enforcement action, material penalties, and sanctions. We currently enter into forward contracts with third parties to buy power and sell natural gas in an attempt to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in the price of natural gas with respect to those volumes. The CFTC has finalized an interpretation clarifying whether and when certain forwards with volumetric optionality are to be regulated as forwards or qualify as options on commodities and therefore swaps. The application of this interpretation to any particular situation may impact our ability to enter into certain forwards or may impose additional requirements with respect to certain transactions. In addition to the Dodd-Frank Act, regulators within the European Union and other foreign regulators have adopted and implemented local reforms generally comparable with the reforms under the Dodd-Frank Act. Enforcement of these regulatory provisions may reduce our ability to hedge our market risks with non-U.S. counterparties or may make any transactions involving cross-border swaps more expensive and burdensome. Additionally, the lingering absence of regulatory equivalency across jurisdictions may increase compliance costs and make it more costly to satisfy regulatory obligations. 50 We may face opposition to the development, permitting, construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from various groups. We may face opposition to the development, permitting, construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from environmental groups, landowners, local groups, and other advocates. Such opposition could take many forms, including organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt, or delay the development or operation of our assets and business. For example, repairing our pipelines often involves securing consent from individual landowners to access their property; one or more landowners may resist our efforts to make needed repairs, which could lead to an interruption in the operation of the affected pipeline or other facility for a period of time that is significantly longer than would have otherwise been the case. In addition, acts of sabotage or eco-terrorism could cause significant damage or injury to people, property or the environment or lead to extended interruptions of our operations. Any such event that interrupts the revenues generated by our operations, or which causes us to make significant expenditures not covered by insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public may engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts. Negative public perception could cause the permits we require to conduct our operations to be withheld, delayed or burdened by requirements that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our business. For example, in an April 15, 2020 ruling, amended May 11, 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana issued an order invalidating the Corps 2017 reissuance of Nationwide Permit 12 (“NWP 12”), the general permit governing discharges of dredged or fill material associated with pipeline and other utility line construction projects, to the extent it was used to authorize construction of new oil and gas pipelines. Environmental groups had alleged that the Corps failed to consult with federal wildlife agencies as required by the ESA. However, in January 2021, the EPA and Corps reissued NWP 12 as a general permit specific to oil and gas pipelines, moving other utility line activities into separate general permits. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit subsequently held that the Corps’ January 2021 reissuance rendered the prior challenge moot. In May 2021, environmental groups once again filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana, seeking vacatur of the reissued NWP 12. In September 2022, the U.S. District Court for Montana dismissed the ESA consultation challenges as moot and dismissed the remainder of the lawsuit without prejudice after the Corps announced in March 2022 that it was undertaking a formal review of all nationwide permits. However, in January 2025, President Trump issued executive orders directing (i) the Corps to use emergency authorities and nationwide permits to grant approvals for energy projects under Section 404 of the CWA and (ii) the heads of all federal agencies to identify and begin the processes to suspend, revise, or rescind all agency actions that are unduly burdensome on the identification, development, or use of domestic energy resources. In December 2025, the Corps announced the reissuance of NWP 12 as part of the 2026 Nationwide Permits. To the extent that limitations are imposed on the use of NWP 12 in the future, such limitations could make it more difficult to permit our projects, require consideration of alternative construction or siting, which may impose additional costs and delays, and could cause us to lose potential and current customers and limit our growth and revenue. In addition, on July 6, 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued an order vacating a Corps Mineral Leasing Act easement for the Dakota Access Pipeline in a lawsuit filed by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and other Native American tribes. The court’s decision requires the pipeline to shut down operations by August 5, 2020 but was stayed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On January 26, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a decision affirming the district court’s holding that the easement should be vacated but reversing the requirement to shut down the pipeline. The Court of Appeals left it to the Corps to determine how to proceed after the loss of the easement, and while the Corps declined to shut down the pipeline, it did not formally approve the pipeline’s ongoing operation without an easement. Dakota Access filed for rehearing en banc on April 12, 2021, which the Court of Appeals denied. On September 20, 2021, Dakota Access filed a petition with the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case. Oppositions were filed by the Solicitor General and plaintiffs, and Dakota Access has filed its reply. The Dakota Access Pipeline continues to operate pending the Corps’ ongoing development of a court-ordered environmental impact statement for the project. On June 22, 2021, the District Court terminated the consolidated lawsuits and dismissed all remaining outstanding counts without prejudice. On January 20, 2022, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe withdrew as a cooperating agency on the draft Environmental Impact Statement (“EIS”), prompting the Corps to temporarily pause on the draft EIS. The Corps published the draft EIS on September 8, 2023 and tribal and public meetings were held in November and December of 2023. A final EIS was released in December 2025. If the Dakota Access Pipeline is forced to shut down, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations associated with the Polar and Divide system, which interconnects with the Dakota Access Pipeline. Recently, activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention towards sources of funding for fossil-fuel energy companies, which has resulted in an increasing number of financial institutions, funds, individual investors and other sources of capital restricting or eliminating their investment in fossil fuel-related activities. In addition, financial institutions have begun to screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance, including practices related to 51 GHGs and climate change, before providing loans or investing in our equity securities. There is also a risk that financial institutions may adopt policies that have the effect of reducing the funding provided to the fossil fuel sector, such as the adoption of net zero financed emissions targets. Ultimately, this could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production activities or energy infrastructure related projects or adversely impact our cost of capital, and consequently could both indirectly affect demand for our services and directly affect our ability to fund construction or other capital projects. Any efforts to improve our sustainability practices in response to these pressures may increase our costs, and we may be forced to implement technologies that are not economically viable in order to improve our sustainability performance and to meet the specific requirements to maintain access to capital or perform services for certain customers. Our business is subject to complex and evolving United States and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection (“data protection laws”). Many of these data protection laws are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business. Along with our own data and information that we collect and retain in the normal course of our business, we and our business partners collect and retain significant volumes of certain other types of data, some of which are subject to data protection laws. The regulatory environment surrounding the collection, use, transfer, and protection of such data, both domestically and internationally, is becoming increasingly complex, constantly evolving, and is subject to frequent significant change. New data protection laws at the federal, state, international, national, provincial, and local levels, including Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah legislation, the GDPR and the CCPA, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate our costs. Complying with these jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance procedures, and violations of applicable data protection laws can result in significant penalties. For example, the GDPR applies to activities regarding personal data that may be conducted by us, directly or indirectly through business partners. Failure to comply could result in significant penalties of up to a maximum of 4% of our global turnover that may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows. Similarly, the CCPA, which came into effect on January 1, 2020, and was further amended on January 1, 2023, by the CPRA, imposes specific obligations on businesses that collect personal data from California residents and provides California residents specific rights in relation to their personal data that we or our business partners collect and use. As interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA evolves, it creates a range of new compliance obligations, which could necessitate we change our business practices, and carries the possibility for significant financial penalties for noncompliance that may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows. As noted below, we are also subject to the possibility of information security breaches, which themselves may result in material financial and reputational exposure under such data protection laws. Additionally, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result. Risks Related to the Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock The price of the common stock or Series A Preferred Stock may experience volatility. The price of our common stock or the Series A Preferred Stock may be volatile. In addition to the

--- VENDORS ---
vendors engaged by the Company and assessing each vendor’s level of access to the Company’s IT and OT systems and information ; and • Implementing access controls that restrict vendor access to only specific Company systems and information necessary to perform their service. The SVP, E&O provides updates to the Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings regarding management of the Company’s cybersecurity matters, including any new cybersecurity threats, incidents, risks, risk management solutions, trainings or education, infrastructure upgrades, or governance changes. As of March 16, 2026, the Company’s business strategy, operations, or financial condition have not been materially affected by any cybersecurity threats or incidents.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, parts, and components that are manufactured and supplied for our operations may be adversely affected by tariffs imposed by the U.S. government on products imported into the U.S. and tariffs or other retaliatory trade measures imposed by other jurisdictions. Tariffs and other trade restrictions could also disrupt our supply chain and logistics, restrict or limit the availability of materials or supplies, and cause adverse financial impacts due to volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates or inflationary pressures on raw materials and energy. We may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of these increased costs or pass price increases on to our customers. While tariffs and other retaliatory trade measures imposed by other countries on U.S. goods have not yet had a significant impact on our business or results of operations, we cannot predict further developments, and such existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Recently, the U.S. has proposed changes in trade policies that include export control restrictions, the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the U.S., increased economic sanctions on individuals, companies, or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, and a number of other nations have proposed similar measures directed at trade with the U.S. in response. As a result of these developments, there may be greater restrictions and economic disincentives on international trade that could adversely affect our business. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations to adapt to or comply with any such changes, and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position. 40 Risks Related to Our Finances Limited access to and/or availability of the commercial bank market or debt and equity capital markets could impair our ability to grow or cause us to be unable to meet future capital requirements. To expand our asset base, whether through acquisitions or organic growth, we will need to make expansion capital expenditures. We also frequently consider and enter into discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions. In addition, the terms of certain of our gathering and processing agreements also require us to spend significant amounts of capital, over a short period of time, to construct and develop additional midstream assets to support our customers’ development projects. Depending on our customers’ future development plans, it is possible that the capital required to construct and develop such assets could exceed our ability to finance those expenditures using our cash reserves or available capacity under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility or the New Permian Transmission Facility. We plan to use cash from operations, incur borrowings, and/or sell additional shares of capital stock or other securities to fund our future expansion capital expenditures. Our ability to obtain financing or to access the capital markets for future debt or equity offerings may be limited by (i) our financial condition at the time of any such financing or offering, (ii) covenants in our debt agreements, (iii) restrictions imposed by our Series A Preferred Stock, (iv) general economic conditions and contingencies, (v) increasing disfavor among many investors towards investments in fossil fuel companies and (vi) general weakness in the debt and equity capital markets and other uncertainties that are beyond our control, including political uncertainty in the U.S. (including the ongoing debates related to the U.S. federal government budget), volatility and disruption in global capital and credit markets (including those resulting from geopolitical events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine or ongoing conflict in the Middle East), uncertainty regarding increases or decreases in interest rates resulting from changes in the federal funds rate range targeted by the Federal Reserve, pandemics, epidemics and other outbreaks, such as COVID-19, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions. In addition, lenders are facing increasing pressure to curtail their lending activities to companies in the oil and natural gas industry. We have not made a dividend on our common stock since we announced the suspension of payments of distributions on May 3, 2020. Additionally, we have accrued and unpaid dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock. The suspensions of dividends and the accrued and unpaid dividends  may further reduce demand for our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock. Because our Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to distribution rights, any accrued amounts on our Series A Preferred Stock must first be paid prior to our resumption of dividends to holders of our common stock. As of December 31, 2025, the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock totaled $46.6 million. In March 2026, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the payment of any and all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock, including the $46.6 million of accrued and unpaid dividends outstanding as of December 31, 2025.  The Company expects to pay the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock upon satisfaction of certain notice requirements, which the Company expects to complete by March 31, 2026. Further, absent a material change to our business, we do not expect to pay dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our debt agreements restrict our ability to pay cash dividends on any of our equity securities. As such, if we are unable to raise expansion capital, we may lose the opportunity to make acquisitions, pursue new organic development projects, or to gather, treat and process new production volumes from our customers with whom we have agreed to construct and develop midstream assets in the future. Even if we are successful in obtaining external funds for expansion capital expenditures through the capital markets, the terms thereof could limit our ability to pay dividends to our common equity holders. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. Our leverage and debt service obligations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects, and may limit our flexibility to obtain financing and to pursue other business opportunities. As of December 31, 2025, we had $1.1 billion of indebtedness outstanding and the unused portion of the Amended and Restated ABL Facility totaled $385.7 million after giving effect to certain adjustments that are primarily related to the issuance of $0.8 million in outstanding but undrawn irrevocable standby letters of credit. Our existing and future debt services obligations could have significant consequences, including among other things: • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes and/or obtaining such financing on favorable terms; • reducing our funds available for operations, future business opportunities, and cash dividends by that portion of our cash flow required to make interest payments on our debt; • increasing our vulnerability to competitive pressures or a downturn in our business or the economy generally; and • limiting our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 41 Our ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as commodity prices and governmental regulation. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or to refinance, which may not be successful. Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance, our indebtedness obligations, including the Amended and Restated ABL Facility, the New Permian Transmission Facility, and the 2029 Secured Notes, depends on our financial condition, and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If our operating cash flows, and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to adopt alternative financing strategies, such as reducing or delaying investments and capital expenditures, selling assets, seeking additional capital or restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness, some or all of which may not be available to us on terms acceptable to us, if at all, or such alternative strategies may yield insufficient funds to make required payments on our indebtedness. The 2029 Secured Notes will mature on October 31, 2029 and have interest payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15. As of December 31, 2025, $825.0 million of the 2029 Secured Notes were outstanding. The Amended and Restated ABL Facility will mature on the earliest of (a) July 26, 2029, (b) July 31, 2029 if either (i) the outstanding amount of the 2029 Secured Notes (or any refinancing debt permitted under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility in respect thereof that has a final maturity date, scheduled amortization or any other scheduled repayment, mandatory prepayment, mandatory redemption or sinking fund obligation prior to the date that is 91 days after the Amended and Restated ABL Termination Date (provided, that the terms of such permitted refinancing debt may (x) require the payment of interest from time to time and (y) include customary mandatory redemptions, prepayments or offers to purchase with proceeds of asset sales or upon the occurrence of a change of control)) on such date equals or exceeds $50.0 million or (ii) the outstanding amount of such debt described in clause (i) above on such date is less than $50.0 million and Liquidity (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Agreement) at any time on or after such date is less than the sum of (A) such outstanding amount and (B) the greater of (x) 10% of the aggregate Commitments (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Agreement) then in effect and (y) $50.0 million (and, for the avoidance of doubt, once the Amended and Restated ABL Termination Date occurs it may not be unwound as a result of Liquidity (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Agreement) increasing on a subsequent date), or (c) any date on which the aggregate Commitments terminate thereunder. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets, including the market for senior secured or unsecured notes, and our financial condition at the time. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates, may require the pledging of collateral, and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants than we are currently subject to, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. In the absence of sufficient cash flows and capital resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. The agreements governing our debt place certain restrictions on our ability to dispose of assets and our use of the proceeds from such dispositions. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and the proceeds of any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. Further, if for any reason we are unable to meet our debt service and principal repayment obligations, or if we fail to comply with the financial covenants in the documents governing our debt, we would be in default under the terms of the agreements governing our debt, which would allow our creditors under those agreements to declare all outstanding indebtedness thereunder to be due and payable (which would in turn trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default rights among our other debt agreements), the lenders under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could terminate their commitments to extend credit, and the lenders could foreclose against our assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If the amounts outstanding under our debt agreements were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the amounts owed to our creditors. 42 Restrictions in the New Permian Transmission Credit Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes and the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash dividends. We are dependent upon the earnings and cash flows generated by our operations to meet our debt service obligations and to make cash dividends. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the New Permian Transmission Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, the Amended and Restated ABL Facility and any future financing agreements could restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities. For example, the Amended and Restated ABL Facility, the New Permian Transmission Facility and the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, taken together, restrict our ability to, among other things: • incur or guarantee certain additional debt; • make certain cash dividends on or redeem or repurchase certain equity securities; • make payments on certain other indebtedness; • make certain investments and acquisitions; • make certain capital expenditures; • incur certain liens or other encumbrances or permit them to exist; • enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; • enter into sale and lease-back transactions and certain operating leases; • merge or consolidate with another company or otherwise engage in a change of control transaction; and • transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets. The Amended and Restated ABL Facility also contains covenants requiring Summit Holdings to maintain certain financial ratios and meet certain tests. Summit Holdings’ ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond its control, and we cannot guarantee that Summit Holdings will meet those ratios and tests. The provisions of the New Permian Transmission Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, and the Amended and Restated ABL Facility may affect our ability to obtain future financing and pursue attractive business opportunities as well as affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in business conditions. In addition, a failure to comply with the provisions of the New Permian Transmission Facility, the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes, and the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could result in a default or an event of default that could enable our lenders and/or senior noteholders to declare the outstanding principal of that debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay the accelerated amounts, the lenders under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure such debt. If the payment of the debt is accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay such debt in full, and our equity holders could experience a partial or total loss of their investment. The Amended and Restated ABL Facility also has cross default provisions that apply to any other indebtedness we may have, and the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes have cross default provisions that apply to certain other indebtedness. The New Permian Transmission Facility also has cross default provisions that apply to certain other indebtedness that Permian Transmission or Double E may have. Any of these restrictions in the Amended and Restated ABL Facility, the New Permian Transmission Facility and the indenture governing the 2029 Secured Notes could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Inflation could have adverse effects on our results of operation. Although inflation in the U.S. had been relatively low for many years, there was a significant increase in inflation beginning in the second half of 2021 through 2023 due to a substantial increase in money supply, a stimulative fiscal policy, a significant rebound in consumer demand as COVID-19 restrictions were relaxed, the Russia-Ukraine war and worldwide supply chain disruptions resulting from the economic contraction caused by COVID-19 and lockdowns followed by a rapid recovery. Inflation rose from 5.4% in June 2021 to 7.0% in December 2021 to 8.2% in September 2022. While inflation has declined since the second half of 2022, declining to 2.7% in December 2025, further increases in inflation in 2026 could increase our labor and other operating costs and the overall cost of capital projects we undertake. An increase in inflation rates could negatively affect our profitability and cash flows, due to higher wages, higher operating costs, higher financing costs, and/or higher supplier prices. We may be unable to pass along such higher costs to its customers. In addition, inflation may adversely affect customers’ financing costs, cash flows, and profitability, which could adversely impact their operations and our ability to offer credit and collect receivables. 43 An increase in interest rates will cause our debt service obligations to increase. Between March 2022 and July 2023, the Federal Reserve raised its target range for the federal funds rate by 5.25%, to a high of 5.25% to 5.50% from July 2023 to September 2024. While the Federal Reserve has since lowered its target range multiple times to a current target range of 3.50% to 3.75%, the timing of any potential increases or decreases remains uncertain. Borrowings under the Amended and Restated ABL Facility and the New Permian Transmission Facility bear interest at rates equal to SOFR plus margin. The interest rates are subject to adjustment based on fluctuations in SOFR, as applicable. An increase in the interest rates associated with our floating rate debt would increase our debt service costs and affect our results of operations and cash flow available for payments of our debt obligations. In addition, an increase in interest rates could adversely affect our future ability to obtain financing or materially increase the cost of any additional financing. A downgrade of our credit rating could impact our liquidity, access to capital and our costs of doing business, and independent third parties determine our credit ratings outside of our control. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings, Inc. assign ratings to our senior unsecured credit from time to time. A downgrade of our credit rating could increase our future cost of borrowing and could require us to post collateral with third parties, including our hedging arrangements, which could negatively impact our available liquidity and increase our cost of debt. If a credit rating downgrade and the resultant cash collateral requirement were to occur at a time when we are experiencing significant working capital requirements or otherwise lacking liquidity, our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. We have in the past and may in the future incur losses due to an impairment in the carrying value of our long-lived assets or equity method investments. We recorded long-lived asset impairments of $2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, $68.3 million in 2024, and $0.5 million in 2023. When evidence exists that we will not be able to recover a long-lived asset’s carrying value through future cash flows, we write down the carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value. We test long-lived assets for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. With respect to property, plant and equipment, and our amortizing intangible assets, the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if the carrying value exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the asset’s use and eventual disposal. In this situation, we recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the asset’s fair value. We determine fair value using either a market-based approach, an income-based approach in which we discount the asset’s expected future cash flows to reflect the risk associated with achieving the underlying cash flows, or a mixture of both market-and income-based approaches. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that a decline in fair value is other than temporary. Any impairment determinations involve significant assumptions and judgments. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to impairment charges. Adverse changes in our business or the overall operating environment, such as lower commodity prices, may affect our estimate of future operating results, which could result in future impairment due to the potential impact on our operations and cash flows. A portion of our revenues are directly exposed to changes in crude oil, natural gas and NGL prices, and our exposure may increase in the future. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we derived 48% of our revenues from (i) the sale of physical natural gas and/or NGLs purchased under percentage-of-proceeds or other processing arrangements with certain of our customers in the Rockies, Piceance and Mid-Con segments, (ii) the sale of natural gas we retain from certain Mid-Con customers, (iii) the sale of condensate we retain from our gathering services in the Rockies and Piceance segment and (iv) additional gathering fees that are tied to performance of certain commodity price indexes, which are then added to the fixed gathering rates. Consequently, our existing operations and cash flows have direct exposure to commodity price risk. Although we will seek to limit our commodity price exposure with new customers in the future, our efforts to obtain fee-based contractual terms may not be successful or the local market for our services may not support fee-based gathering and processing agreements. For example, we have percent-of-proceeds contracts with certain natural gas producer customers and we may, in the future, enter into additional percent-of-proceeds contracts with these customers or other customers or enter into keep-whole arrangements, which would increase our exposure to commodity price risk, as the revenues generated from those contracts directly correlate with the fluctuating price of the underlying commodities. Furthermore, we may acquire or develop additional midstream assets in the future that have a greater exposure to fluctuations in commodity price risk than our current operations. Future exposure to the volatility of natural gas and crude oil prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, for a small portion of the natural gas gathered on our systems, we purchase natural gas from producers prior to delivering the natural gas to pipelines where we typically resell the natural gas under arrangements including sales at index prices. Generally, the gross margins we 44 realize under these arrangements decrease in periods of low natural gas prices. If we expand the implementation of such natural gas purchase and sale arrangements within our business, such fluctuations could materially affect our business. Regulatory and Environmental Policy Risks We settled a matter that was previously under investigation by federal and state regulatory agencies regarding a pipeline rupture and release of produced water by one of our subsidiaries. The resulting compliance requirements of the settlement may impact our results of operations or cash flows. On August 4, 2021, we settled an incident involving a produced water disposal pipeline owned by our subsidiary Meadowlark Midstream that resulted in a discharge of materials into the environment, which was investigated by federal and state agencies. This settlement resulted in losses amounting to $36.3 million and will be paid over five (5) to six (6) years, of which we have paid principal amounts of $28.0 million as of December 31, 2025, and requires compliance with certain conditions and terms and conditions, which may impact our results of operations or cash flows. We may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As a result, we may be required to expend significant funds for legal defense or to settle claims. Any such loss, if incurred, could be material. Expenditures made by us for the payment of litigation related costs, including legal defense costs and settlement payments, if any, reduce our cash flows available for debt service and dividends. Any such expenditures, if incurred, could be material. A change in laws and regulations applicable to our assets or services, or the interpretation or implementation of existing laws and regulations may cause our revenues to decline or our operation and maintenance expenses to increase. Various aspects of our operations are subject to regulation by the various federal, state, and local departments and agencies that have jurisdiction over participants in the energy industry. The regulation of our activities and the natural gas and crude oil industries frequently change as they are reviewed by legislators and regulators. For example, in January 2025, PHMSA submitted a final rule to the Federal Register to amend regulations to reduce methane emissions from new and existing gas transmission, distribution, and regulated gas gathering pipelines with strengthened leakage survey and patrolling requirements, performance standards for advanced leak detection programs, leak grading and repair criteria with mandatory repair timelines, requirements for mitigation of emissions from blowdowns, pressure relief device design, configuration, and maintenance requirements, clarified requirements for investigating failures, and expanded reporting requirements. However, before the final rule could be published in the Federal Register, President Trump issued a “regulatory freeze” executive order, withdrawing the rule and preventing its publication in the Federal Register. In addition, the U.S. House of Representatives has not passed H.R. 4818, a bill introduced in July 2025 to effectuate the January 2025 final rule. To the extent these or other new proposed or final rules create additional requirements for our pipelines, they could have a material adverse effect on our operations, operating and maintenance expenses and revenues. For additional information on the potential risks associated with PHMSA requirements, see “—We may incur greater than anticipated costs and liabilities as a result of pipeline safety requirements.” In addition, the adoption of proposals for more stringent legislation, regulation or taxation of drilling activity could directly curtail such activity or increase the cost of drilling, resulting in reduced levels of drilling activity and therefore reduced demand for our services. For example, Colorado Senate Bill 19-181, signed into law in April 2019, changed the mandate of the Colorado Energy and Carbon Management Commission (“ECMC,” formerly the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission) from fostering oil and gas development to regulating oil and gas development in a reasonable manner to protect public health and the environment. The law also allows local governments to impose more restrictive requirements on oil and gas operations than those issued by the state. As part of its implementation of this law, in November 2020 the ECMC adopted new regulations that increase oil and gas setbacks to a minimum of 2,000 feet from schools and childcare facilities, prohibit routine venting and flaring, increase wildlife protections, and alter certain aspects of the permitting process. In addition, in May 2024, the Governor of Colorado signed into law Senate Bill 24-230, which imposes a production fee that applies to all oil and gas produced by a producer in the state on or after July 1, 2025, to fund clean transit initiatives. These regulations and similar efforts in Colorado and elsewhere could restrict oil and gas development in the future. Regulatory agencies establish and, from time to time, change priorities, which may result in additional burdens on us, such as additional reporting requirements and more frequent audits of operations. Our operations and the markets in which we participate are affected by these laws, regulations and interpretations and may be affected by changes to them or their implementation, which may cause us to realize materially lower revenues or incur materially increased operation and maintenance costs or both. Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in customer production, which could materially adversely impact our revenues. Hydraulic fracturing is an important and increasingly common practice that is used to stimulate production of natural gas and/or crude oil from dense subsurface rock formations and is primarily regulated by state agencies. However, Congress has in the past considered, and may in the future consider, legislation to regulate hydraulic fracturing by federal agencies. Many states have 45 already adopted laws and/or regulations that require disclosure of the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing. A number of states – such as Colorado, as discussed above – have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well construction requirements on crude oil and/or natural gas drilling activities. For example, during the 2021-2022 election cycle, Colorado representatives proposed a ballot initiative to ban hydraulic fracturing on all non-federal land, but the proposed initiative failed to garner significant support. States also could elect to prohibit hydraulic fracturing altogether, as New York, Maryland, Oregon, Washington, California, and Vermont have done. In addition, certain local governments have adopted, and additional local governments may adopt, ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place, and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. These initiatives and similar efforts in Colorado and elsewhere could restrict oil and gas development in the future. The EPA has also moved forward with various regulatory actions, including announcing final new regulations under the NSPS to expand and strengthen emissions reduction requirements for new, modified, and reconstructed oil and natural gas sources, and require states to reduce methane emissions from existing sources nationwide. The BLM has also asserted regulatory authority over aspects of the hydraulic fracturing process and issued a final rule in March 2015 that established more stringent standards for performing hydraulic fracturing on federal and Indian lands, including requirements relating to well construction and integrity, handling of wastewater and chemical disclosure. However, in December 2017, the BLM published a final rule rescinding the 2015 rule. The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California upheld the December 2017 rescission rule in a March 2020 decision, and the State of California and environmental plaintiffs appealed. A motion by the State of California to voluntarily dismiss the appeal was granted in September 2025. The March 2015 rule currently remains rescinded. Further, several federal governmental agencies (including the EPA) have conducted reviews and studies on the environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing in the past. The results of such reviews or studies could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing. State and federal regulatory agencies have also focused on a possible connection between the hydraulic fracturing related activities and the increased occurrence of seismic activity. When caused by human activity, such events are called induced seismicity. Some state regulatory agencies, including those in Colorado, Oklahoma and Texas, have modified their regulations or guidance to account for induced seismicity. These developments could result in additional regulation and restrictions on the use of injection disposal wells and hydraulic fracturing. Such regulations and restrictions could cause delays and impose additional costs and restrictions on our customers. Additionally, certain of our customers produce oil and gas on federal lands. On January 20, 2021, the Acting Secretary for the DOI signed an order effectively suspending new fossil fuel leasing and permitting on federal lands for 60 days. In April 2024, the DOI finalized updates to its onshore oil and gas leasing regulations, including revised royalty rates and bonding requirements and attempts to direct oil and gas development away from wildlife habitat and cultural sites, which could further restrict oil and gas exploration and production on federal lands. However, in January 2025, President Trump issued executive orders directing the heads of federal agencies to (i) facilitate the leasing of domestic energy resources, including on federal lands and (ii) identify and begin the processes to suspend, revise, or rescind all agency actions that impose an undue burden on the identification, development, or use of domestic energy resources. In addition, in September 2025, the DOI announced its intent to rescind the April 2024 rule. As a result, future implementation and enforcement of the final rule remains uncertain. If new or more stringent federal, state, or local legal restrictions relating to drilling activities or to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted, this could result in a reduction in the supply of natural gas and/or crude oil that our customers produce, and could thereby adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Compliance with such rules could also generally result in additional costs, including increased capital expenditures and operating costs, for our customers, which could ultimately decrease end-user demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to FERC jurisdiction, federal anti-market manipulation laws and regulations, potentially other federal regulatory requirements and state, and local regulation and could be materially affected by changes in such laws and regulations, or in the way they are interpreted and enforced. We believe that our natural gas pipeline facilities qualify as gathering facilities that are exempt from the jurisdiction of FERC under the NGA and the NGPA. Interstate movements of crude oil on the Epping Pipeline in North Dakota are subject to FERC jurisdiction under the ICA, and the rates, terms and conditions of service, and practices on the pipeline are subject to review and challenge before FERC. Additionally, the Double E Pipeline, which provides interstate natural gas transmission service from southeastern New Mexico to the Waha hub in Texas, is subject to FERC jurisdiction under the NGA with respect to post-construction remediation activities, operations, and rates and terms and conditions of service. Pursuant to the NGA, Double E Pipeline’s existing interstate natural gas transportation rates and terms and conditions of service may be challenged by complaint and are subject to prospective change by FERC. Additionally, rate changes and changes to terms and conditions of service proposed by a regulated natural gas interstate pipeline may be protested and such changes can be delayed and may ultimately be rejected by 46 FERC. FERC may also initiate reviews of an interstate pipeline’s rates. We cannot guarantee that any new or existing tariff rate for service on our FERC-regulated pipelines would not be rejected or modified by the FERC or subjected to refunds. Any successful challenge by a regulator or shipper in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to sign a contract for service at a “negotiated rate,” which is generally fixed between the natural gas pipeline and the shipper for the contract term and does not necessarily vary with changes in the level of cost-based “recourse rates,” provided that the affected customer is willing to agree to such rates and that the FERC has accepted the negotiated rate agreement. These “negotiated or discount rate” contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased costs, which could be caused by inflation or other factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services and, as a result, our costs could exceed our revenues received under such contracts. Any shortfall of revenue, representing the difference between “recourse rates” (if higher) and negotiated or discounted rates, under current FERC policy, may be recoverable from other shippers in certain circumstances. For example, the FERC may recognize this shortfall in the determination of prospective rates in a future rate case. However, if the FERC were to disallow the recovery of such costs from other customers, it could decrease the cash flow realized by our assets. We are also generally subject to the anti-market manipulation provisions in the NGA, as amended by the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and to FERC’s regulations thereunder, and also must comply with the other applicable provisions of the NGA and NGPA and FERC’s rules, regulations, and orders concerning the Double E Pipeline’s interstate natural gas pipeline business, including those that require us to provide firm and interruptible transportation service on an open access basis that is not unduly discriminatory or preferential. Violations of the NGA or NGPA, or the rules, regulations, and orders issued by FERC thereunder could result in the imposition of administrative and criminal remedies, including without limitation, revocation of certain authorities, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains, and civil penalties of up to approximately $1.6 million per day per violation of the NGA or its implementing regulations, subject to future adjustment for inflation. In addition, the FTC holds statutory authority under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to prevent market manipulation in oil markets and has adopted broad rules and regulations prohibiting fraud and market manipulation. The FTC is also authorized to seek fines of up to approximately $1.5 million per violation, subject to future adjustment for inflation. The CFTC is directed under the CEA to prevent price manipulation in the commodity, futures, and swaps markets, including the energy markets. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, and other authority, the CFTC has adopted additional anti-market manipulation regulations that prohibit fraud and price manipulation in the commodity, futures, and swaps markets. The CFTC also has statutory authority to seek civil penalties of up to the greater of approximately $1.5 million per violation, subject to future adjustment for inflation, or triple the monetary gain to the violator for each violation of the anti-market manipulation provisions of the CEA. The distinction between federally unregulated natural gas and crude oil pipelines and FERC-regulated natural gas and crude oil pipelines has been the subject of extensive litigation and is determined by FERC on a case-by-case basis. FERC has made no determinations as to the status of our facilities. Consequently, the classification and regulation of some of our pipelines could change based on future determinations by FERC, Congress, or the courts. If our natural gas gathering operations or crude oil operations beyond the Epping Pipeline become subject to FERC jurisdiction under the NGA, the NGPA or the ICA, the result may materially adversely affect the rates we are able to charge and the services we currently provide and may include the potential for a termination of our gathering agreements with our customers. In addition, if any of our facilities were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the NGA, the NGPA or the ICA, this could result in the imposition of civil penalties as well as a requirement to disgorge charges collected for such services in excess of the rate established by FERC. We are subject to state and local regulation regarding the construction and operation of our gathering, treating, transporting, and processing systems, as well as state ratable take statutes and regulations. Regulation of the construction and operation of our facilities may affect our ability to expand our facilities or build new facilities and such regulation may cause us to incur additional operating costs or limit the quantities of natural gas and crude oil we may gather, treat, and process. Ratable take statutes and regulations generally require gatherers to take natural gas and crude oil production that may be tendered for gathering without undue discrimination. These requirements restrict our right to decide whose production we gather, treat, and process. Many states have adopted complaint-based regulation of gathering, treating, transporting, and processing activities, which allows producers and shippers to file complaints with state regulators in an effort to resolve access issues, rate grievances, and other matters. Other state and municipal regulations do not directly apply to our business but may nonetheless affect the availability of natural gas and crude oil for gathering, treating, transporting, and processing, including state regulation of production rates, maximum daily production allowable from wells, and other activities related to drilling and operating wells. While our facilities currently are subject to limited state and local regulation, there is a risk that state or local laws will be changed or reinterpreted, which may materially affect our operations, operating costs, and revenues. 47 We are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. Our gathering, treating, transporting, and processing operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, including laws and regulations regarding the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection, including, for example, the CAA, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Clean Water Act, the Oil Pollution Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the ESA and the Toxic Substances Control Act. It is possible that future changes in environmental laws, regulations, or enforcement policies, including judicial or agency opinions or orders, could impose additional requirements or give rise to claims for damages to persons, property, natural resources, or the environment. These laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations that are applicable to our operations, including the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities, the incurrence of capital or operating expenditures to limit or prevent releases of materials from our pipelines and facilities, and the imposition of substantial liabilities and remedial obligations for pollution resulting from our operations or at locations currently or previously owned or operated by us. Numerous governmental authorities, such as the EPA and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly corrective actions or costly pollution control measures. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and requisite permits may result in the assessment of significant administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations and the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations. In addition, we may experience a delay in obtaining or be unable to obtain required permits or regulatory authorizations, which may cause us to lose potential and current customers, interrupt our operations and limit our growth and revenue. There is a risk that we may incur significant environmental costs and liabilities in connection with our operations due to historical industry operations and waste disposal practices, our handling of hydrocarbons and other wastes and potential emissions and discharges related to our operations. Joint and several strict liability may be incurred, without regard to fault, under certain of these environmental laws and regulations in connection with discharges or releases of hydrocarbon wastes on, under or from our properties and facilities, many of which have been used for midstream activities for a number of years, oftentimes by third parties not under our control. Private parties, including the owners of the properties through which our gathering systems pass, and on which certain of our facilities are located, may also have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage. For example, an accidental release from one of our pipelines could subject us to substantial liabilities arising from environmental cleanup and restoration costs, claims made by neighboring landowners and other third parties for personal injury and property damage and fines or penalties for related violations of environmental laws or regulations. In addition, changes in environmental laws occur frequently, and any such changes that result in additional permitting obligations or more stringent and costly waste handling, storage, transport, disposal, or remediation requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position. We may not be able to recover all or any of these costs from insurance. Revisions to the leasing and permitting programs for oil and gas development on federal lands could materially adversely affect our industry and our financial condition, and results of operations. We may incur greater than anticipated costs and liabilities as a result of pipeline safety requirements. The DOT, through PHMSA, has adopted and enforces safety standards, and procedures applicable to our pipelines. In addition, many states, including the states in which we operate, have adopted regulations that are identical to or more restrictive than existing DOT regulations for intrastate pipelines. Among the regulations applicable to us, PHMSA requires pipeline operators to develop integrity management programs for certain pipelines located in high consequence areas, which include high population areas such as the Dallas-Fort Worth greater metropolitan area where our DFW Midstream Services LLC system is located. While the majority of our pipelines have historically met the DOT definition of gathering lines and were thus exempt from PHMSA’s integrity management requirements, we also operate a limited number of pipelines that are subject to the integrity management requirements. The regulations require operators, including us, to: • perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity; • identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a high consequence area; • maintain processes for data collection, integration and analysis; • repair and remediate pipelines as necessary; • adopt and maintain procedures, standards, and training programs for control room operations; and • implement preventive and mitigating actions. 48 For additional information on PHMSA regulations relating to pipeline safety, see “—A change in laws and regulations applicable to our assets or services, or the interpretation or implementation of existing laws and regulations may cause our revenues to decline or our operation and maintenance expenses to increase.” Climate change legislation, regulatory initiatives, and litigation could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the services we provide. The U.S. Congress has considered legislation to restrict or regulate emissions of GHGs, such as carbon dioxide and methane, that may be contributing to global warming and energy legislation and other initiatives are expected to be proposed that may be relevant to GHG emissions issues. For example, the IRA, signed into law in August 2022, includes a Methane Emissions Reduction Program to incentivize methane emission reductions and impose a WEC on GHG emissions from certain oil and gas facilities that are already required to report under the EPA’s GHG reporting rule. Emissions reported under the GHG reporting rule will be the basis for any payments under the Methane Emissions Reduction Program. However, in March 2025, President Trump signed Congress’ Joint Resolution of Disapproval of the WEC and in May 2025, the EPA issued a final rule removing the WEC regulations from the Code of Federal Regulations. In July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act postponed the WEC’s effective date to 2034. Consequently, future implementation and enforcement of these rules remains uncertain at this time. In addition, almost half of the states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, have begun to address GHG emissions, primarily through the planned development of emission inventories or regional GHG cap and trade programs. Most of these cap and trade programs work by requiring either major sources of emissions, such as electric power plants, or major producers of fuels, such as refineries and gas processing plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances. In general, the number of allowances available for purchase is reduced each year until the overall GHG emission reduction goal is achieved. Depending on the scope of a particular program, we could be required to purchase and surrender allowances for GHG emissions resulting from our operations (e.g., at compressor stations). It is possible that certain components of our operations, such as our gas-fired compressors, could become subject to state-level GHG-related regulation. For example, in June 2022, as part of a Governor-directed statewide initiative to reduce GHG emissions by at least 45% by 2030, the New Mexico Environment Department finalized rules that establish emissions standards for volatile organic compounds and nitrogen oxides for oil and gas production and processing sources located in certain areas of the state with high ozone concentrations. Similarly, due to recent legislation approved in May 2024, the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment is now required to propose rules to the Colorado Air Quality Control Commission to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions that oil and gas operations generate by 50% by 2030 relative to 2017 levels. We cannot currently determine the effect of these proposed regulations and other regulatory initiatives to implement state directives to reduce GHG emissions, that could, if implemented, impact the business, reputation, financial condition, or results of our operations or that of our customers. In addition, in April 2021, the New Mexico Department of Energy, Minerals, and Natural Resources (“EMNRD”) finalized rules concerning venting and flaring of natural gas. EMNRD’s final rule could impose new or increased costs and obligations on our customers upstream of the Double E Pipeline. Independent of Congress, the EPA has adopted regulations under its existing CAA authority. In 2009, the EPA published its findings that emissions of GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are contributing to warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other climatic changes (the “Endangerment Finding”). Based on these findings, the EPA adopted regulations that, among other things, establish Prevention of Significant Deterioration construction and Title V operating permit reviews for certain large stationary sources of GHG emissions. However, in February 2026, the EPA issued a final rule rescinding the Endangerment Finding, asserting that the Endangerment Finding exceeded the agency’s statutory authority. That same month, a coalition of environmental and public health organizations filed suit challenging the rescission. The implications of the February 2026 rule, including any subsequent changes to existing emissions standards, and the ultimate outcome of the related litigation remain uncertain. At the international level, the U.S. joined the international community at the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France in 2021, which resulted in the Paris Agreement, pursuant to which signatory countries agreed to nationally determine their contributions and set GHG emission reduction goals. In January 2025, President Trump issued an executive order directing the immediate notice to the United Nations of the U.S.’ withdrawal from the Paris Agreement and all other agreements made under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The withdrawal became effective in January 2026. The U.S. did not send an official delegation to COP30, and on January 7, 2026, President Trump announced the formal withdrawal of the U.S. from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in a presidential memorandum. At the same time, various state and local governments in the U.S. have committed to continue furthering the goals of the Paris Agreement, and many of these initiatives are expected to continue. In addition, enhanced climate disclosure requirements could accelerate the trend of certain stakeholders and lenders restricting or seeking more stringent conditions with respect to their investments in certain carbon intensive sectors. Although it is not possible at this time to accurately estimate how potential future laws or regulations addressing GHG emissions would impact our business, either directly or indirectly, any future federal or state laws or implementing regulations 49 that may be adopted to address climate change and GHG emissions could require us to incur increased operating costs and could materially adversely affect demand for our services. The potential increase in the costs of our operations resulting from any legislation or regulation to address climate change or restrict emissions of GHG could include new or increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our GHG emissions, pay any taxes related to our GHG emissions, adhere to alternative energy requirements and administer and manage a GHG emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of such increased costs in the rates we charge, such recovery of costs is uncertain. Moreover, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for our services. We cannot predict with any certainty at this time how these possibilities may affect our operations. Statutory and regulatory requirements for swap transactions could have an adverse impact on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business and increase the working capital requirements to conduct these activities. In the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress adopted comprehensive financial reform legislation that establishes federal oversight over and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in that market. Under this legislation, the CFTC and the SEC and other regulatory authorities have promulgated rules and regulations, including rules and regulations relating to the regulation of certain swaps market participants, such as swap dealers, the clearing of certain swaps through central counterparties, the execution of certain swaps on designated contract markets or swap execution facilities, mandatory margin requirements for uncleared swaps, and the reporting and recordkeeping of swaps. In light of the continuing adjustment of the regulations, we cannot predict the ultimate effect of the rules and regulations on our business. Any new regulations or modifications to existing regulations could increase the cost of derivative contracts, limit the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts, or increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. In October 2020, the CFTC adopted rules that place limits on positions in certain core futures and equivalent swaps contracts for or linked to certain physical commodities, subject to exceptions for certain bona fide hedging transactions. We do not expect these regulations to materially impede our hedging activity at this time, but a companion rule on aggregation among entities under common ownership or control may have an impact on our ability to hedge our exposure to certain enumerated commodities. The CFTC has implemented final rules regarding mandatory clearing of certain classes of interest rate swaps and certain classes of index credit default swaps. Mandatory trading on designated contract markets or swap execution facilities of certain interest rate swaps and index credit default swaps also began in 2014. At this time, the CFTC has not proposed any rules designating other classes of swaps, including physical commodity swaps, for mandatory clearing. The CFTC and prudential banking regulators also adopted mandatory margin requirements on uncleared swaps between swap dealers and certain other counterparties. Although we may qualify for a commercial end-user exception from the mandatory clearing, trade execution and certain uncleared swaps margin requirements, mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements and uncleared swaps margin requirements applicable to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may affect the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is also directed generally to prevent price manipulation and fraud in the following two markets: (i) physical commodities traded in interstate commerce, including physical energy and other commodities, and (ii) financial instruments, such as futures, options, and swaps. The CFTC has adopted additional anti-market manipulation, anti-fraud and disruptive trading practices regulations that prohibit, among other things, fraud and price manipulation in the physical commodities, futures, options, and swaps markets. Should we violate these laws and regulations, we could be subject to CFTC enforcement action, material penalties, and sanctions. We currently enter into forward contracts with third parties to buy power and sell natural gas in an attempt to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in the price of natural gas with respect to those volumes. The CFTC has finalized an interpretation clarifying whether and when certain forwards with volumetric optionality are to be regulated as forwards or qualify as options on commodities and therefore swaps. The application of this interpretation to any particular situation may impact our ability to enter into certain forwards or may impose additional requirements with respect to certain transactions. In addition to the Dodd-Frank Act, regulators within the European Union and other foreign regulators have adopted and implemented local reforms generally comparable with the reforms under the Dodd-Frank Act. Enforcement of these regulatory provisions may reduce our ability to hedge our market risks with non-U.S. counterparties or may make any transactions involving cross-border swaps more expensive and burdensome. Additionally, the lingering absence of regulatory equivalency across jurisdictions may increase compliance costs and make it more costly to satisfy regulatory obligations. 50 We may face opposition to the development, permitting, construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from various groups. We may face opposition to the development, permitting, construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from environmental groups, landowners, local groups, and other advocates. Such opposition could take many forms, including organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt, or delay the development or operation of our assets and business. For example, repairing our pipelines often involves securing consent from individual landowners to access their property; one or more landowners may resist our efforts to make needed repairs, which could lead to an interruption in the operation of the affected pipeline or other facility for a period of time that is significantly longer than would have otherwise been the case. In addition, acts of sabotage or eco-terrorism could cause significant damage or injury to people, property or the environment or lead to extended interruptions of our operations. Any such event that interrupts the revenues generated by our operations, or which causes us to make significant expenditures not covered by insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public may engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts. Negative public perception could cause the permits we require to conduct our operations to be withheld, delayed or burdened by requirements that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our business. For example, in an April 15, 2020 ruling, amended May 11, 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana issued an order invalidating the Corps 2017 reissuance of Nationwide Permit 12 (“NWP 12”), the general permit governing discharges of dredged or fill material associated with pipeline and other utility line construction projects, to the extent it was used to authorize construction of new oil and gas pipelines. Environmental groups had alleged that the Corps failed to consult with federal wildlife agencies as required by the ESA. However, in January 2021, the EPA and Corps reissued NWP 12 as a general permit specific to oil and gas pipelines, moving other utility line activities into separate general permits. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit subsequently held that the Corps’ January 2021 reissuance rendered the prior challenge moot. In May 2021, environmental groups once again filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana, seeking vacatur of the reissued NWP 12. In September 2022, the U.S. District Court for Montana dismissed the ESA consultation challenges as moot and dismissed the remainder of the lawsuit without prejudice after the Corps announced in March 2022 that it was undertaking a formal review of all nationwide permits. However, in January 2025, President Trump issued executive orders directing (i) the Corps to use emergency authorities and nationwide permits to grant approvals for energy projects under Section 404 of the CWA and (ii) the heads of all federal agencies to identify and begin the processes to suspend, revise, or rescind all agency actions that are unduly burdensome on the identification, development, or use of domestic energy resources. In December 2025, the Corps announced the reissuance of NWP 12 as part of the 2026 Nationwide Permits. To the extent that limitations are imposed on the use of NWP 12 in the future, such limitations could make it more difficult to permit our projects, require consideration of alternative construction or siting, which may impose additional costs and delays, and could cause us to lose potential and current customers and limit our growth and revenue. In addition, on July 6, 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued an order vacating a Corps Mineral Leasing Act easement for the Dakota Access Pipeline in a lawsuit filed by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and other Native American tribes. The court’s decision requires the pipeline to shut down operations by August 5, 2020 but was stayed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On January 26, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a decision affirming the district court’s holding that the easement should be vacated but reversing the requirement to shut down the pipeline. The Court of Appeals left it to the Corps to determine how to proceed after the loss of the easement, and while the Corps declined to shut down the pipeline, it did not formally approve the pipeline’s ongoing operation without an easement. Dakota Access filed for rehearing en banc on April 12, 2021, which the Court of Appeals denied. On September 20, 2021, Dakota Access filed a petition with the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case. Oppositions were filed by the Solicitor General and plaintiffs, and Dakota Access has filed its reply. The Dakota Access Pipeline continues to operate pending the Corps’ ongoing development of a court-ordered environmental impact statement for the project. On June 22, 2021, the District Court terminated the consolidated lawsuits and dismissed all remaining outstanding counts without prejudice. On January 20, 2022, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe withdrew as a cooperating agency on the draft Environmental Impact Statement (“EIS”), prompting the Corps to temporarily pause on the draft EIS. The Corps published the draft EIS on September 8, 2023 and tribal and public meetings were held in November and December of 2023. A final EIS was released in December 2025. If the Dakota Access Pipeline is forced to shut down, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations associated with the Polar and Divide system, which interconnects with the Dakota Access Pipeline. Recently, activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention towards sources of funding for fossil-fuel energy companies, which has resulted in an increasing number of financial institutions, funds, individual investors and other sources of capital restricting or eliminating their investment in fossil fuel-related activities. In addition, financial institutions have begun to screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance, including practices related to 51 GHGs and climate change, before providing loans or investing in our equity securities. There is also a risk that financial institutions may adopt policies that have the effect of reducing the funding provided to the fossil fuel sector, such as the adoption of net zero financed emissions targets. Ultimately, this could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production activities or energy infrastructure related projects or adversely impact our cost of capital, and consequently could both indirectly affect demand for our services and directly affect our ability to fund construction or other capital projects. Any efforts to improve our sustainability practices in response to these pressures may increase our costs, and we may be forced to implement technologies that are not economically viable in order to improve our sustainability performance and to meet the specific requirements to maintain access to capital or perform services for certain customers. Our business is subject to complex and evolving United States and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection (“data protection laws”). Many of these data protection laws are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business. Along with our own data and information that we collect and retain in the normal course of our business, we and our business partners collect and retain significant volumes of certain other types of data, some of which are subject to data protection laws. The regulatory environment surrounding the collection, use, transfer, and protection of such data, both domestically and internationally, is becoming increasingly complex, constantly evolving, and is subject to frequent significant change. New data protection laws at the federal, state, international, national, provincial, and local levels, including Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah legislation, the GDPR and the CCPA, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate our costs. Complying with these jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance procedures, and violations of applicable data protection laws can result in significant penalties. For example, the GDPR applies to activities regarding personal data that may be conducted by us, directly or indirectly through business partners. Failure to comply could result in significant penalties of up to a maximum of 4% of our global turnover that may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows. Similarly, the CCPA, which came into effect on January 1, 2020, and was further amended on January 1, 2023, by the CPRA, imposes specific obligations on businesses that collect personal data from California residents and provides California residents specific rights in relation to their personal data that we or our business partners collect and use. As interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA evolves, it creates a range of new compliance obligations, which could necessitate we change our business practices, and carries the possibility for significant financial penalties for noncompliance that may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows. As noted below, we are also subject to the possibility of information security breaches, which themselves may result in material financial and reputational exposure under such data protection laws. Additionally, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result. Risks Related to the Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock The price of the common stock or Series A Preferred Stock may experience volatility. The price of our common stock or the Series A Preferred Stock may be volatile. In addition to the

