TICKER: SNEX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain management and inventory financing, interest rate changes, foreign exchange rate changes, and price and quantity volatility in their outputs.  Market intermediaries facilitate the identification, management and hedging of commodity and financial risks on behalf of commercial entities by designing and executing hedging programs using various hedging instruments, including futures and options traded on exchanges or plain vanilla and more complex structured products traded bi-laterally on the OTC markets.  Commercial entities occasionally prefer to manage exposure to physical commodities through direct purchase and sale agreements for which they may utilize the services of physical commodity merchants. The need for, and volume of, client hedging activity is driven by commodity supply and demand dynamics, quantity and quality of commodity production and consumption, both locally and globally, trading of various commodities, and economic and geopolitical factors.  In addition, the price levels and price volatility of various commodities generally increase the need of commercial clients to hedge. FCMs, swap dealers, physical commodity merchants and other intermediaries and service providers create value for commercial clients by managing risks across the clients’ operations, allowing them to focus on their core expertise.  In addition, commercial clients often face financial risks such as interest rate and foreign exchange rate volatility, which these intermediaries help to mitigate.  Physical commodity merchants serve clients by providing trading, hedging, inventory financing and logistics services. Competitors in the Commercial segment include independent (non-bank) FCMs, FCMs affiliated with large commodity producers, global banks and independent and bank-owned swap dealers.  Although global banks represent the vast majority of client segregated assets, they tend to focus on larger clients.  Independent, non-bank FCMs tend to focus on serving small- to mid-sized commercial clients where they face less competition from the global banks.  Over the last 15 years since the financial crisis, global banks have increased the minimum size of clients they are willing to serve, in part due to decreasing profit margins often driven by regulation, such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) in the United States and the revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID II”) and accompanying regulation, Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (“MiFIR”) in Europe.  This has presented an opportunity for non-bank participants in this industry, such as us, to acquire small and mid-sized clients and increase market share. We strive to increase market share and attract new clients that are underserved by global banks, capitalizing on our position as one of few publicly listed mid-sized financial services companies offering our clients access to global futures and options products through our well-capitalized independent FCMs, structured OTC products through our swap dealer as well as our physical commodity offerings.  We have also taken advantage of opportunities to consolidate sub-scale competitors into our Commercial businesses. Institutional We provide institutional clients with a complete suite of equity trading services to help them find liquidity with best execution, consistent liquidity across a robust array of fixed income products, competitive and efficient clearing and execution in all major futures and securities exchanges globally, as well as prime brokerage in equities and major foreign currency pairs and swap transactions. Additionally, we operate a comprehensive investment banking platform which provides both investment banking services and equity research. 6 Table of C ontents Securities We provide value-added solutions that facilitate cross-border trading in equity securities and believe our clients value our ability to manage complex transactions, including foreign exchange, utilizing our local understanding of market convention, liquidity and settlement protocols around the world. Our clients include U.S.-based regional and national broker-dealers and institutions investing or executing client transactions in international markets and foreign institutions seeking access to the U.S. securities markets. We make markets in more than 16,000 equities on the NYSE, NASDAQ, and various OTC markets, including ETFs and over 7,000 ADRs, GDRs and foreign securities making us one of the leading market makers in foreign securities. In addition, we make prices in more than 10,000 foreign equities listed on foreign exchanges. We are also a broker-dealer in Argentina, Brazil and in the U.K., where we are active in providing institutional executions in the local capital markets. We act as an institutional dealer in fixed income securities, including U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agency, agency mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as investment grade, high yield, convertible and emerging market debt to a client base including asset managers, commercial bank trust and investment departments, broker-dealers and insurance companies. We are an independent full-service provider to introducing broker-dealers (“IBD’s”) of clearing, custody, research, syndicated and security-based lending products and services, including a proprietary technology platform which offers efficient connectivity to ensure a positive client experience through the clearing and settlement process. We believe we are one of the leading mid-market clearers in the securities industry, with approximately 100 correspondent clearing relationships with over $37 billion in assets under management or administration as of September 30, 2025. We operate an asset management business in which we earn fees, commissions and other revenues for management of third party assets and investment gains or losses on our investments in funds and proprietary accounts managed either by our investment managers or by independent investment managers. Listed Derivatives We provide competitive and efficient clearing and execution in all major futures exchanges globally. Through our platforms, client orders are accepted and directed to the appropriate exchange for execution. We then facilitate the clearing of clients’ transactions. Clearing involves the matching of clients’ trades with the exchange, the collection and management of client margin deposits to support the transactions, and the accounting and reporting of the transactions to clients. As of September 30, 2025, our two U.S. FCMs held $7.4 billion and $6.3 billion in required client segregated and foreign secured assets, which combined makes us the largest non-bank FCM in the U.S., as measured by required client segregated and foreign secured assets. We seek to leverage our capabilities and capacity in clearing to financial institutions, institutional trading firms, professional traders and introducing brokers as well as offering facilities management or outsourcing solutions to other FCMs. Foreign Exchange We provide prime brokerage foreign exchange (“FX”) services to financial institutions and professional traders. We provide our clients with the full range of OTC products, including 24-hour a day execution of spot, forwards and options, as well as non-deliverable forwards in both liquid and exotic currencies. Competitive Environment - Institutional Segment The industry in which we provide services within our Institutional segment comprises activities associated with the trading of, and investment in, various financial assets, including equity and debt securities, commodities, foreign currencies, interest rates, and derivatives, both exchange-traded and OTC. This industry also includes various services provided to participants in the financial markets, which allow participants access to liquidity and execution venues, as well as clearing and settlement of transactions.  Industry participants include institutional and retail investors, banks, insurance companies, fund managers, hedge funds, investment advisers, proprietary trading firms, commodity trading advisors and commodity pool operators, and foreign institutions and investors seeking access to U.S. markets, as well as various market intermediaries such as market makers, regional and national broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers, FCMs, and investment banks and liquidity venues, such as securities and derivatives exchanges and OTC marketplaces. Trading and investing activity across asset classes is driven by growth in wealth and savings, investors’ asset allocation and diversification needs, including across geographies, and return objectives, risk management needs and the availability of speculative arbitrage opportunities. Volatility in asset prices generally drives increased trading activity and increased demand for execution and clearing services. Broker-dealers, FCMs, investment banks and other intermediaries create value for institutional clients by facilitating client access to various financial markets, including securities and derivatives exchanges, proprietary sources of liquidity, OTC 7 Table of C ontents markets, other institutions and international markets.  Market intermediaries can act as market-makers or principal traders that facilitate client trading activity by matching orders internally. Market intermediaries can also act as agents that accept orders, direct them to the appropriate market and facilitate the clearing of client transactions, which involves matching client trades with the exchange, collecting and managing client margin deposits to support the transactions, and accounting and reporting these transactions to clients. Certain market intermediaries, predominantly investment banks, also provide advisory services, securities underwriting, loan syndications, security-based lending products and services, custodial services, investment research products, asset management services and technology platforms for client connectivity. Competitors in the securities and clearing and execution businesses include global banks, institutional broker-dealers, correspondent clearers, independent broker-dealers, clearing FCMs and market-makers. We compete to secure clients based on quality of execution and client service, global access and local market expertise, and the breadth of our product offerings. Regulatory burdens for FCMs and broker-dealers have increased since the financial crisis, which has led to increased complexity and capital requirements that have disproportionately affected smaller firms, driving consolidation. We have benefited from these trends and expect them to continue, and we seek opportunities to participate in further industry consolidation. Self-Directed/Retail We provide our self-directed/retail clients around the world access to over 18,000 global financial markets, including spot foreign exchange  and CFDs, which are investment products with returns linked to the performance of underlying assets, and both financial trading and physical investment in precious metals. In addition, our independent wealth management business offers a comprehensive product suite to retail investors in the United States and Latin America. Forex and CFDs We are a provider of trading services and solutions in the global financial markets, including spot foreign exchange (“forex”) and CFDs. We offer CFDs on currencies, commodities, indices, individual equities, cryptocurrencies, bonds, options and interest rate products. We seek to attract and support our clients through direct and indirect channels. Our primary direct channels for our retail forex and CFD business are our mobile platforms and internet websites, FOREX.com and Cityindex.com, which are available in multiple languages, including English, Chinese, Japanese, Spanish and Arabic. Our indirect channels include our relationships with introducing brokers, who solicit clients on our behalf, and white label partners, who offer our trading services to their clients under their own brand. Our proprietary trading technology provides our clients with an enhanced client experience and multiple ways to trade and manage their accounts, tailored to their level of experience and preferred mode of access. In addition, we selectively offer third party trading tools that we believe complement our proprietary offerings. We believe that our proprietary trading technology is a significant competitive advantage because we have the ability to adapt quickly to our clients’ changing needs. We have longstanding relationships with a large number of institutional liquidity providers, as well as access to multiple liquidity venues. They allow us to offer our clients superior liquidity and more competitive pricing with tighter bid/offer spreads than many of our competitors. In addition, we have developed a proprietary pricing engine that aggregates quotes from our liquidity sources to ensure that our prices accurately reflect current market price levels and allow us to provide our clients with fast, accurate trade execution. We have proprietary technology to handle numerous aspects of account onboarding and client service, including the account opening and client verification process, fast online account funding and withdrawals with a wide variety of automated payment methods, and on-demand delivery of client information, such as account statements and other account-related reporting. We also offer account opening and funding functions on our mobile trading applications in order to provide a superior experience to the large number of clients who trade primarily through their mobile devices. Given the highly regulated and global nature of our business, these processes are customized to each regulatory jurisdiction in which we operate, and are further tailored to client needs and preferences in specific countries in order to make it easier for clients in these countries to open accounts with us and then to fund and trade in those accounts. In connection with our self-directed/retail business, we look to acquire new clients as cost-efficiently as possible, primarily through online marketing efforts such as advertising on third-party websites, search engine marketing and affiliate marketing. Our experienced in-house marketing team creates highly targeted online campaigns tailored to experienced traders, as well as marketing programs and materials designed to support and educate newer traders. We use sophisticated tracking and measurement techniques to monitor the results of individual campaigns and continually work to optimize our overall marketing results. 8 Table of C ontents We also work with introducing brokers in order to expand our client base. We work with a variety of different types of introducing brokers, ranging from small, specialized firms that specifically identify and solicit clients interested in forex and CFD trading, to larger, more established financial services firms. Independent Wealth Management Our independent broker/dealer, StoneX Securities Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, together with its affiliated SEC-registered investment advisor, StoneX Advisors Inc., provides an integrated platform of technology, comprehensive wealth management and investment services to registered representatives, investment advisor representatives and registered investment advisors nationwide. The firm supports more than 375 independent professionals with best-in-class service and products. Self-Directed/Retail Precious Metals Our physical self-directed/retail precious metals business is principally conducted within StoneX Bullion GmbH. Through our website Stonexbullion.com, we offer clients the ability to purchase physical gold and other precious metals, in multiple forms, including coins and bars, in denominations of their choice, to add to their investment portfolios. Competitive Environment - Self-Directed/Retail The market for our self-directed/retail services is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. Our competitors vary by region in terms of regulatory status, breadth of product offering, size and geographic scope of operations. In the self-directed/retail forex and CFD industry, we compete with both regulated firms focused on forex and CFDs, as well as with global multi-asset trading firms. In wealth management, our competitors vary from large integrated banks and on-line brokerage firms to smaller regional registered investment advisory firms, where competition is driven by reduced commission rates, continued development of online trading platforms and applications and client service. Payments We provide customized payment, technology and treasury services to banks and commercial businesses as well as charities, NGOs and government organizations. We provide transparent pricing and offer local currency payments services in more than 180 countries and 140 currencies, which we believe is more than any other payments solutions provider. Our proprietary platforms allow our clients to connect to us digitally and seamlessly with customized solutions for each of our client groups that fit their specific needs. We utilize the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (“SWIFT”) network as well as direct application programming interfaces (“APIs”) to service almost 100 financial institutions globally and connect them to our approximately 375 correspondent banks around the world enabling them to make local currency payments in a cost effective and secure manner. Through our platforms and our commitment to client service, we believe we are able to provide simple and fast execution, ensuring delivery of funds in local currency to any of the countries we service quickly through our global network of correspondent banks. We primarily act as a principal in buying and selling foreign currencies on a spot basis and derive revenue from the difference between the purchase and sale prices. We believe our clients value our ability to provide exchange rates that are significantly more competitive than those offered by large international banks, a competitive advantage that stems from our years of foreign exchange expertise focused on smaller, less liquid currencies. Competitive Environment - Payments Increasing globalization and growth of international trade, as well as the need of corporations, institutions and individuals to move money across borders efficiently, have driven growing activity in the payments industry.  As the world becomes increasingly interconnected, corporations require the ability to cost-effectively exchange foreign currencies and to send and receive payments from clients and suppliers.  NGOs also demand cross-border payment services as they attempt to bring funding, goods and services to their target geographies and recipients at the lowest possible cost.  Even banks require lower cost implementation of foreign exchange transactions, as they are otherwise dependent on correspondent banks, which may subject such transactions to expensive and opaque pricing. Volume growth in the payments market has been steady, driving revenue growth for cross-border payments providers.  Increasingly, this volume growth comes from transactions to emerging economies, benefiting those few providers such as us who have a strong competitive position in those emerging economies and an extensive correspondent bank network that would be difficult to replicate.  However, as reported in the Boston Consulting Group 2024 Global Payments Report, in recent years these rates of growth have slowed, with market participants shifting focus to unit economics, technological advances and addressing heightened regulatory scrutiny. While growth rates have slowed, the highest rates of growth through 2028 are 9 Table of C ontents expected to be in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, which we believe has the potential to directly benefit our payments business. The payments market has historically been dominated by large Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) banks that provide G20 to non-G20 foreign exchange rates to clients.  Such banks, however, are reliant on their correspondent banking network for foreign exchange rates, which often results in uncompetitive rates and a lack of transparency.  These issues are further exacerbated by a lack of uniform regulation in the business-to-business (“B2B”) payments sector, with no coordinated regulatory framework, even among significant OECD countries. We believe that the general lack of transparency in bank offerings in the payments market with regard to fees and exchange rates, the banks’ often more expensive services, as well as the lack of systematic regulation, have opened opportunities for competitors in this market.  As a result, the fast-growing space has attracted significant investor interest.  Independent providers have entered the market, leveraging technology to lower client acquisition costs and providing an enhanced client experience through online platforms.  In the payments market, we believe we are one of those independent providers and disruptors offering significant value to our bank, corporate and NGO/charities clients, providing competitive and transparent payments solutions. Subsequent Acquisitions Plantureux On November 3, 2025, one of the Company’s subsidiaries, StoneX Financial Europe GmbH, acquired all outstanding shares of Plantureux et Associés, a Paris-based brokerage firm specializing in agricultural commodities across both the physical and derivatives markets. Intercam Securities, Inc. and Intercam Advisors, Inc. On October 17, 2025, we acquired all the outstanding shares of Intercam Securities, Inc. and Intercam Advisors, Inc., both U.S.-based firms providing brokerage and investment advisory services to Latin America clients.  Subsequent to the acquisitions, the companies have been renamed as StoneX International Securities Inc. and StoneX International Advisors, Inc. Acquisitions during Fiscal Year 2025 Right Corporation On September 3, 2025, the Company acquired Right Corporation, a Montana corporation. Right Corporation provides trading and logistics services for independent meat packing operations, distributors, and end-users. Subsequent to the acquisition, the company has been renamed as Right Company LLC. R.J. O’Brien On July 31, 2025, the Company acquired RTS Investor Corp., a Delaware corporation, which was the parent company for the R.J. O’Brien global business (“RJO”), including R.J. O’Brien & Associates, LLC, the oldest futures brokerage in the U.S. The acquisition has made StoneX the largest non-bank FCM in the U.S. and is expected to enhance its role as an essential part of the global financial market structure, offering institutional grade execution, clearing, custody, and prime brokerage across all asset classes. The acquisition is expected to expand the Company’s client float and add many introducing brokers to its network, while RJO’s clients benefit from the Company’s extensive range of markets, products, and services. In connection with the acquisition of RJO, on July 8, 2025, the Company issued $625.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes due 2032, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured second lien basis, by certain existing and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under the Company’s senior secured revolving credit facility and certain other senior indebtedness. The Notes due 2032 will mature on July 15, 2032. Interest on the Notes due 2032 accrues at a rate of 6.875% per annum and is payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2026. On July 31, 2025, the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes due 2032 were used to fund the cash portion of the purchase price and to pay related fees and expenses. 10 Table of C ontents Benchmark On July 31, 2025, the Company acquired The Benchmark Company, LLC (“Benchmark”). Benchmark is a full-service investment banking firm offering a robust sales and trading platform, award-winning equity research, and a highly experienced investment banking team. Headquartered in New York City and operating nationwide, Benchmark has been delivering exceptional client service, market access, and deep market and industry expertise for over 35 years. This acquisition will strengthen the Company’s offerings in equity and debt capital markets, with significant enhancements in equity research and investment banking. Bamboo On March 13, 2025, the Company purchased a 20% interest in Bamboo Payment Holding LLC (“Bamboo”) as part of a strategic partnership to expand cross-border payment offerings and coverage for global merchants. Bamboo is a cross-border payments company that allows global merchants to accept and make payments in Latin America. Octo Finances SA On January 31, 2025, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of Octo Finances SA (“Octo”), a fixed income broker based in Paris, France. Octo, which specializes in bond and convertible sales, debt capital markets, and credit research, expands the Company’s offering in fixed income and strengthens its capabilities in Europe. Assets of JBR Recovery Limited On October 1, 2024, the Company’s subsidiary, StoneX Metals Limited, acquired the recycling and refining business, along with certain assets, including licenses, silver inventory and refining/recycling equipment, from JBR Recovery Limited (“JBR”), a recycling and refining business incorporated in England and Wales. JBR is one of only two UK companies accredited for the supply of “Good Delivery” silver to the London Bullion Market. This acquisition extends our metals offering into sourcing and refining. Acquisitions during Fiscal Year 2024 Trust Advisory Group, Ltd. In September 2024, our subsidiary StoneX Advisors Inc. acquired all of the outstanding shares of Trust Advisory Group, Ltd. (“TAG”), a Massachusetts corporation. TAG is a FINRA and SIPC registered investment advisor offering a range of investing models to its customer base of mainly retail investors. The TAG acquisition reinforces the Company’s commitment to high-quality financial solutions and enhances its service reach into the Northeast. Acquisitions during Fiscal Year 2023 Incomm S.A.S. In February 2023, one of the Company’s subsidiaries, StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC acquired all of the outstanding shares of Incomm S.A.S. (“Incomm”), which is based in Colombia. Incomm specializes in supporting the import of grain and feed products for Colombian clients and is a proven resource in management of customs clearing, inventory management at destination ports and providing non-recourse trade finance for destination buyers via local Colombian banks. Cotton Distributors Inc. In October 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, StoneX (Netherlands) B.V., acquired CDI-Societe Cotonniere De Distribution S.A (“CDI”), based in Switzerland. CDI operates a global cotton merchant business with a strong network of producers in Brazil and West Africa as well as buyers throughout Asia. Regulation Overview Our business and the industries in which we operate are highly regulated. Our operating subsidiaries are regulated in a number of jurisdictions including the U.S., the U.K, Luxembourg, Germany, Cyprus, Argentina, Brazil, Dubai, Nigeria, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Australia, Canada and the Cayman Islands. Government regulators and self-regulatory organizations oversee the conduct of our business in many ways, and a number perform regular examinations to monitor our compliance with applicable statutes, regulations and rules. These statutes, regulations and rules cover all aspects of our business, including: • maintaining specified minimum amounts of capital and limiting withdrawals of funds from our regulated operating subsidiaries; • the treatment of client assets, including custody, control, safekeeping and, in certain countries, segregation of our client funds and securities; 11 Table of C ontents • the methods by which clients can fund accounts with us; • sales and marketing activities, including our interaction with, and solicitation of, clients; • disclosures to clients, including those related to product risks, self-dealing and material conflicts of interest; • the collection, use, transfer and protection of client personal information; • anti-money laundering practices; • recordkeeping and reporting requirements; and • continuing education and licensing requirements for our employees, and supervision of the conduct of directors, officers and employees. In some jurisdictions in which we offer our products and services, we are not subject to regulation because there is no established regulatory regime that covers our products and services or due to the manner in which we offer our products and services. We consult with legal counsel in jurisdictions in which we operate on a regular basis, or where we have a material concentration of clients, as to whether we have the required authorizations, licenses or approvals or whether we may conduct our business cross-border with residents in that jurisdiction without obtaining local regulatory authorization, approval or consent. To the extent that we wish to serve clients in a jurisdiction in which we determine licensing or registration is required, we may also elect to direct such clients to a licensed white label or other partner, rather than pursuing licensing or registration ourselves. Though we conduct our business in a manner which we believe complies with applicable local law, regulators may assert authority over activities that they deem to take place within the jurisdiction they regulate, and new laws, rules or regulations may be enacted that change the regulatory landscape and result in new, or clarify preexisting, registration or licensing requirements. The primary responsibility for ensuring that we maintain compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements is vested in our legal and compliance departments. In addition, our legal and compliance departments are responsible for our ongoing training and education programs, supervision of our personnel required to be licensed by one or more of our regulators, review of sales, marketing and other communications and other related functions. Also where appropriate, our sales employees are licensed pursuant to applicable regulation. Failure to comply with our regulatory requirements could result in a variety of sanctions, including, but not limited to, revocation of applicable licenses and registrations, restrictions or limitations on our ability to carry on our business, suspensions of individual employees and significant fines. U.S. Regulation The commodities industry in the U.S. is subject to extensive regulations under federal law. We are required to comply with a wide range of requirements imposed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and the National Futures Association (the “NFA”).  Similarly, t he securities industry in the United States is subject to extensive regulation under federal and state securities laws. We must comply with a wide range of requirements imposed by the SEC, state securities commissions, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”). These regulatory bodies safeguard the integrity of the financial markets and protect the interests of investors in these markets. They also impose minimum capital requirements on regulated entities. Our subsidiaries, StoneX Advisors Inc. and OASIS Investment Strategies, LLC, are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers. As such, in their relations with their advisory clients, StoneX Advisers Inc. and OASIS Investment Strategies, LLC are subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed on investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as various state securities laws. These laws and regulations include obligations relating to, among other things, custody and management of client assets, marketing activities, self-dealing and full disclosure of material conflicts of interest, and generally grant the SEC and other supervisory bodies administrative powers to address non-compliance. The CFTC and NFA also regulate our forex, futures and swaps trading activities. Historically, the principal legislation covering our U.S. forex business was the Commodity Exchange Act, which provides for federal regulation of all commodities and futures trading activities. In recent years, as is the case of other companies in the financial services industry, our forex business has been subject to increasing regulatory oversight. The CFTC Reauthorization Act of 2019, which grants the CFTC express authority to regulate the retail forex industry, includes a series of additional rules which regulate various aspects of our business, including additional risk disclosures to retail forex clients, further limitations on sales and marketing materials and additional rules and interpretive notices regarding NFA mandated Information Systems Security Programs, including training and notification requirements for cybersecurity incidents. 12 Table of C ontents In connection with our foreign-currency exchange risk management and payment solutions services business, one of our subsidiaries, StoneX Payment Services LTD., is registered as a money services business with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) and has 41 state money transmitter licenses and 8 license exemptions in the United States. Additionally, StoneX Payment Services LTD. is registered with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (“FINTRAC”) and holds a money transmitter license in Canada. Net Capital Requirements Many of our subsidiaries are regulated and subject to minimum and/or net capital requirements. All of our subsidiaries are in compliance with their capital regulatory requirements as of September 30, 2025. Additional information on our subsidiaries subject to significant net capital and minimum net capital requirements can be found in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Segregated Client Assets We maintain client segregated deposits from our clients relating to their trading of futures and options on futures on U.S. commodities exchanges, making us subject to CFTC regulation 1.20, which specifies that such funds must be held in segregation and not commingled with the firm’s own assets. We maintain acknowledgment letters from each depository at which we maintain client segregated deposits in which the depository acknowledges the nature of funds on deposit in the account. In addition, CFTC regulations require filing of a daily segregation calculation which compares the assets held in clients segregated depositories (“segregated assets”) to the firm’s total segregated assets held on deposit from clients (“segregated liabilities”). The amount of client segregated assets must be in excess of the segregated liabilities owed to clients and any shortfall in such assets must be immediately communicated to the CFTC. In addition, we are subject to CFTC regulation 1.25, which governs the acceptable investment of client segregated assets. This regulation allows for the investment of client segregated assets in readily marketable instruments including U.S. Treasury securities, municipal securities, government sponsored enterprise securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper and corporate notes or bonds which are guaranteed by the U.S. under the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program, interest in money market mutual funds, and repurchase transactions with unaffiliated entities in otherwise allowable securities. We predominantly invest our client segregated assets in U.S. Treasury securities and interest-bearing bank deposits. In addition, in our capacity as a securities clearing broker-dealer, we clear transactions for clients and certain proprietary accounts of broker-dealers (“PABs”). In accordance with Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Rule 15c3-3”), we maintain special reserve bank accounts (“SRBAs”) for the exclusive benefit of securities clients and PABs. Secured Client Assets We maintain client secured deposits from our clients relating to their trading of futures and options on futures traded on, or subject to the rules of, a foreign board of trade, making us subject to CFTC Regulation 30.7, which requires that such funds must be carried in separate accounts in an amount sufficient to satisfy all of our current obligations to clients trading foreign futures and foreign options on foreign commodity exchanges or boards of trade, which are designated as secured clients’ accounts. Self-Directed/Retail Forex Client Assets As a retail foreign exchange dealer (“RFED”) registered with the CFTC and member of NFA, we maintain deposits from clients relating to their trading of OTC foreign exchange contracts whereby we act as counterparty to client trading activity making us subject to CFTC regulation 5.8, which specifies that such funds must be held in designated accounts at qualifying institutions in the United States or money center countries as defined by CFTC regulation 1.49. In addition, CFTC regulations require filing of a daily retail forex obligation calculation which compares the assets held for clients with qualifying institutions (“retail forex assets”) to the firm’s total obligation to retail forex clients, also known as net liquidating value (“retail forex liabilities”). The amount of retail forex assets must be in excess of the retail forex liabilities owed to clients and any shortfall in such assets must be immediately communicated to the CFTC. Dodd-Frank Like other companies in the financial services industry, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for a number of significant provisions affecting our business. Notably, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the registration of swap dealers with the CFTC and provides framework for: • swap data reporting and record keeping on counterparties and data repositories; • centralized clearing for swaps, with limited exceptions for end-users; • the requirement to execute swaps on regulated swap execution facilities; • the imposition on swap dealers to exchange margin on uncleared swaps with counterparties; and 13 Table of C ontents • the requirement to comply with capital rules. We are a CFTC registered swap dealer, whose business is overseen by the NFA. The CFTC imposes rules over net capital requirements, as well as the exchange of initial margin between registered swap dealers and certain counterparties. With respect to our retail OTC business, the Dodd-Frank Act includes: • rules that require us to ensure that our clients residing in the United States have accounts open only with our U.S. registered NFA-member operating entity; and • rules that essentially require all retail transactions in any commodity product other than a retail foreign currency transaction that is traded on a leveraged basis to be executed on an exchange, rather than OTC. OFAC The U.S. maintains various economic sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). The OFAC administered sanctions take many forms, but generally prohibit or restrict trade and investment in and with sanctions targets, and in some cases require blocking of the target’s assets. Violations of any of the OFAC-administered sanctions are punishable by civil fines, criminal fines, and imprisonment. We believe that we have implemented, and that we maintain, appropriate internal practices, procedures and controls to enable us to comply with applicable OFAC requirements. U.S. Patriot Act We are subject to a variety of statutory and regulatory requirements concerning our relationships with clients and the review and monitoring of their transactions. Specifically, we are subject to the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the “USA PATRIOT Act”), which requires that we maintain a comprehensive anti-money laundering (“AML”) program, a customer identification program (“CIP”), designate an AML compliance officer, provide specified employee training and conduct an annual independent audit of our AML program. The USA PATRIOT Act seeks to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators and law enforcement entities in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering. Anti-money laundering laws outside of the U.S. contain similar provisions. We believe that we have implemented, and that we maintain, appropriate internal practices, procedures and controls to enable us to comply with the provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act and other anti-money laundering laws. FINCEN CDD Final Rule Additionally, our US legal entities qualifying as covered financial institutions are subject to the Customer Due Diligence Rule (“the CDD Rule”), which clarifies and strengthens customer due diligence requirements. This applies to our U.S. broker dealer(s) in securities, FCMs, and introducing brokers in commodities. The CDD Rule requires these covered financial institutions to identify and verify the identity of the natural persons (known as beneficial owners) of legal entity customers who own, control, and profit from companies when those companies open accounts. The CDD Rule has four core requirements. It requires covered financial institutions to establish and maintain written policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to: • identify and verify the identity of customer; • identify and verify the identity of the beneficial owners of companies opening accounts; • understand the nature and purpose of customer relationships to develop customer risk profiles; and • conduct ongoing monitoring to identify and report suspicious transactions and, on a risk basis, to maintain and update customer information. With respect to the requirement to obtain beneficial ownership information, financial institutions will have to identify and verify the identity of any individual who owns 25 percent or more of a legal entity, and an individual who controls the legal entity. A Beneficial Ownership Form or an acceptable equivalent is also required. These requirements are applied to customers which meet the CDD Rule Criteria. European and United Kingdom Regulation The Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), the regulator of investment firms in the U.K., regulates our U.K. subsidiary as a Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID”) investment firm under U.K. law. In Europe, our regulated subsidiaries are subject to E.U. regulation. Across the U.K. and E.U., the respective transpositions of the Market Abuse Regulation, and the General Data Protection Regulation, also apply. Applicable regulations also impose regulatory capital, as well as conduct of business, governance, and other requirements on these entities. The client assets (“CASS”) rules in the FCA regulations include those that govern the handling of client money and other assets which, under certain circumstances must be segregated from the firm’s own assets. 14 Table of C ontents CFDs referencing cryptocurrencies The FCA adopted rules to ban the sale of CFDs referencing cryptocurrencies to retail consumers in January 2021. Client Money Rules We are subject to the FCA’s Client Money rules, under which we are required to: • maintain adequate segregation of client funds; • maintain adequate records in order to identify appropriate client details; • have adequate organizational arrangements in place to minimize the risk that client money may be paid for by the account of a client whose money has not yet been received by us; • undertake daily internal and external client money reconciliations within an appropriate risk and control framework; and • appoint an individual who is responsible for CASS oversight. Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions As in the U.S., our U.K. and European entities are subject to statutory and regulatory requirements concerning relationships with customers and the review and monitoring of their transactions. Regulated firms in both the U.K. and in the European Union (“E.U.”) must have robust governance, effective risk procedures and adequate internal control mechanisms to manage the exposure to financial crime risk. The measures require the U.K. and E.U. entities to verify customer identity and understand the nature and purpose of the proposed relationship on the basis of documents, data or information obtained from a reliable and independent source; and review and monitor their customer’s transactions and activities to identify anything suspicious. Our U.K. and E.U. entities take a risk-based approach and senior management is responsible for addressing these risks. There is a requirement to regularly identify and assess the exposure to financial crime risk and report to the governing body on the same. This enables the targeting of financial crime resources on the areas of greatest risk. Procedures in the U.K. and E.U. are based on guidance and requirements issued both at a national and supranational level. The FCA and the financial supervisory authorities in the E.U. require our entities to have systems and controls in place to enable them to identify, assess, monitor and manage financial crime risk. Accordingly, we have implemented appropriate systems and controls which are proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of our activities. We provide relevant training to our employees in relation to financial crime. As required, our Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) Money Laundering Reporting Officer as well as the Money Laundering Reporting Officer appointed in respect of each of the entities in the E.U. provide regular reports on the operation and effectiveness of these systems and controls, including details of our regular assessments of the adequacy of these systems and controls to ensure their compliance with the local regulatory requirements. Our financial crime systems and controls also include routine screening to identify where customers and others with whom we transact may be subject to financial sanctions, including measures initiated or adopted by inter alia the U.K. Treasury, E.U. or OFAC (as required in the U.S.). EMIR The E.U. European Market Infrastructure Regulation (Regulation (EU) 648/2012) (“EMIR”) imposes requirements on entities that enter into any form of derivative contract and applies directly to firms in the E.U. that trade derivatives and indirectly to non-E.U. firms that trade derivatives with E.U. firms. Accordingly, under these rules, we are required to: • report all derivative contracts and their lifecycle events (concluded, modified and terminated) to which we are a party to a trade repository either by ourselves or through a third party; • keep all records relating to the conclusion of derivative contracts and any subsequent modification for 5 years; • comply with the risk management requirements for OTC bilateral derivatives, including portfolio reconciliation, portfolio compression, record keeping, dispute resolution and margining; and • clear through central counterparties all OTC derivatives which will be subject to the mandatory clearing obligation. MiFID Where firms offer “execution only” services for certain financial instruments which are deemed “complex”, E.U. Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (Directive 2014/65/EU) (“MiFID II”) requires firms to assess the appropriateness of those investments for retail clients. For this assessment, we are required to collect information about our existing and potential clients’ knowledge and experience with regard to specific products and services, including: • the types of services, transactions and financial instruments with which the retail client is familiar; 15 Table of C ontents • the nature, volume, and frequency of the retail client’s transactions in financial instruments and the period over which they have been carried out; and • the level of education and profession, or relevant former profession, of the retail client or potential retail client. We are required to offer to a retail client or transact for them only those products that are deemed appropriate for their knowledge, experience and other circumstances. If the retail client demands a product that has been assessed as inappropriate for the retail client’s circumstances by us, we may either refuse to offer the product to the client or allow them access to the product but we are required to give the retail client a warning that the product may be inappropriate to its circumstances. We are not required to undertake this analysis for professional clients as we are entitled to assume that a professional client has the necessary knowledge and experience in order to understand the risks involved in relation to the particular products or services for which they have been classified as a professional client. In addition to the requirements described above, MiFID II requires that: • firms carry out an appropriateness assessment before providing an execution only service to retail clients; • transparency is given to derivatives traded on regulated markets, multi-lateral trading facilities (“MTFs”), and organized trading facilities (“OTFs”); • transactions are reported for those financial instruments traded on MTFs, OTFs, and those financial instruments where the underlying instrument is traded on a Trading Venue; and • E.U. Member State regulators ban or restrict the marketing, distribution or sale of a financial instrument or types of financial practice where there is a threat to investor protection, the orderly functioning and integrity of markets or to financial stability. The European Banking Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority have similar powers to impose a ban on an E.U.-wide basis or in relation to a particular E.U. Member State. Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Our U.K. entities are required to comply with the PRIIPs Regulation in relation to packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (“PRIIPs”) that they manufacture, advise on or sell to retail clients. The FCA regards derivatives (including options, futures, and contracts for difference) as falling within the definition of a PRIIP. The regime requires us to provide retail clients with a standardized key information document (“KID”) in good time before any transaction in derivatives is concluded or for transactions concluded by distance communications, after the transaction has taken place, but only if it is not possible to provide the KID in advance and the client consents. Payments Services Regulations 2017 The Payments Services Regulations 2017 (“PSRs”) implemented the second Payments Services Directive (“PSD II”) in the U.K., which contained the requirement for payment services firms to introduce strong customer authentication (“SCA”) on the payment platforms. StoneX Financial Ltd put in place a comprehensive Brexit contingency plan to mitigate the risks associated with Brexit. This included the transfer of assets, services and clients to StoneX Financial Ltd’s subsidiary (StoneX Financial GmbH) and sister company (StoneX Financial Europe S.A.). Similarly, the group has executed a plan to mitigate the risks associated with Brexit for retail clients including the establishment of a licensed entity in Cyprus, StoneX Europe Ltd. U.K. Investment Firm Prudential Regime StoneX Financial Ltd is subject to the rules under the U.K. Investment Firm Prudential Regime (“IFPR”) established for investment firms. E.U. Conflict Minerals Regulation We are subject to the E.U. Conflict Minerals Regulation (“CMR”), and in the U.K, the FCA has recognized the Global Precious Metals Code in the U.K. The CMR requires importers to conduct due diligence on their gold, tantalum, tin, and tungsten supply chains to identify minerals that may have originated from conflict zones. The new requirements are largely based on existing guidance issued by the Organisation for Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) which StoneX Financial Ltd already applies, as part of its policies and procedures. StoneX Financial Ltd is a full member of the London Bullion Market Association which sets out and oversees adherence to the principles to promote the integrity and effective functioning of the global precious metals market. Irish Virtual Asset Service Provider (“VASP”) Regime and Forthcoming Markets in Crypto Assets Regulation The European Union’s Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive (“5AMLD”) extended Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”) obligations to entities that provide certain services relating to virtual assets. This was transposed into Irish law by way of amendments to the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Acts 2010 16 Table of C ontents to 2021. This legislation requires all entities providing certain services in relation to virtual assets to undertake the process of registration as a VASP with the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBI”). The E.U. Markets in Crypto Assets Regulation (“MiCA”) was effective for Crypto-Asset Service Providers (“CASPs”) from the end of December 2024. Entities registered by the CBI and operating as VASPs by that date can take advantage of a 12-month transition period within which they can continue operating while applying for authorization as a CASP. StoneX Digital International Limited, the Group’s Ireland-based digital assets entity, is registered with the CBI as a VASP with the CBI, and intends to apply for authorization as a CASP in Ireland under MiCA. The VASP application comprised a comprehensive CBI review of the Firm’s financial crime systems and controls. Other International Regulation Our operating subsidiaries in jurisdictions outside of the U.S., U.K., and E.U. are registered with, or obtained a license from, local regulatory bodies that seek to protect clients by imposing requirements relating to capital adequacy and other matters. Several of our foreign subsidiaries are subject to certain business rules, including those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which under certain circumstances for certain classes of clients must be segregated from the firm’s own assets. Asia Pacific In the Asia Pacific region, our subsidiaries operate under licenses and/or authority from various regulators.  In Singapore, StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is a Capital Markets Service Licensee (for dealing in capital market products), an Exempt Financial Adviser (for advising on investment products and issuing or promulgating analyses/ reports on investment products) and a Major Payments Institution (for cross-border and domestic money transfer services). In addition, in Singapore, StoneX APAC Pte. Ltd. is regulated as a Dealer under the Precious Stones and Precious Metals (Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing) Act 2019 for purposes of anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism, and is authorized to act as a Spot Commodity Broker under the Commodity Trading Act 1992. In Hong Kong, StoneX Financial (HK) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission for Dealing in Securities and Dealing in Futures Contracts. In Australia, StoneX Financial Pty Ltd is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and holds an Australian Financial Service License to provide general financial product advice to retail and wholesale clients in derivatives and foreign exchange contracts, to provide general financial product advice to wholesale clients in securities, to deal and make a market for retail and wholesale clients in derivatives and foreign exchange contracts, and to deal and make a market for wholesale clients in securities. In Japan, StoneX Securities Co. Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency as a Type-I Financial Instruments Business and Securities-Related Business (Kanto Local Finance Bureau (FIBO) No.291). The Monetary Authority of Singapore, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, Australian Securities and Investments Commission, and Japan Financial Services Agency are members of the International Organization of Securities Commissions which promotes adherence to internationally recognized standards for securities regulation encompassing the key objectives of protecting investors, ensuring that markets are fair, efficient, and transparent, and reducing systematic risk. Privacy and Data Protection Our business is subject to rules and regulations adopted by state, federal and foreign governments, and regulatory organizations governing data privacy, including for example the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).  Additional states, as well as foreign jurisdictions, have enacted or are proposing similar data protection regimes, resulting in a rapidly evolving landscape governing how we collect, use, transfer and protect personal data. Exchange Memberships Through our various operating subsidiaries, we are members of a number of exchanges, including the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the Chicago Board of Trade, the New York Mercantile Exchange, COMEX, InterContinental Exchange, Inc., the MIAX Futures Exchange, the London Metal Exchange, ICE Europe Ltd, Eurex Exchange, Dubai Mercantile Exchange, Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Paris, European Energy Exchange, B3 S.A., Norexco ASA, the Rosario Futures Exchange, ICE Futures Abu Dhabi, India International Bullion Exchange, Australian Securities Exchange, the Montreal Exchange, Nodal Exchange, CBOE Futures Exchange, ICE Endex Energy Exchange and the Singapore Exchange. These exchanges impose their own requirements on a variety of matters, in some cases addressing capital adequacy, protection of client assets, record-keeping and reporting. Failure to comply with our exchange membership requirements could result in a variety of consequences, including, but not limited to fines and revocation of memberships, which would limit our ability to carry on our business with these exchanges. 17 Table of C ontents Human Capital Management We believe that our long-term success depends in large part on the quality and dedication of our people, as well as on empowering our employees to serve and engage our clients worldwide. At the direction of our Executive Committee and in furtherance of our business strategies as a whole, our global human resources leaders are responsible for developing and implementing our overall talent strategy. This includes the attraction, acquisition, development and engagement of talent to deliver on our strategy and the design of employee compensation, incentive, wellbeing and benefits programs. We focus on the following factors in order to implement and develop our talent strategy: • Employee Compensation and Incentives • Evaluation of Employee Performance, Training and Talent Development • Employee Health, Safety and Wellness • Diversity Employee Compensation and Incentives Ensuring that our employees are well-compensated and have the appropriate incentives in place to meet and exceed their potential is a central part of our talent strategy. Our entrepreneurial culture aligns pay with performance through various programs, including incentive-based compensation and performance-driven rewards. We grant options and restricted stock to our employees and also encourage our employees to acquire an ownership stake in our business by sponsoring restricted stock plans for directors, officers and employees. Furthermore, our Nominating & Governance Committee requires that directors and executive officers hold vested Company stock, promoting a strong sense of ownership and alignment with shareholder interests. Evaluation of Employee Performance, Training and Talent Development We commit to our employees by encouraging their growth and professional development through performance management, training and talent development, including: • Performance evaluations . Employee performance is evaluated annually through written self-assessments which are reviewed in discussions with supervisors and managers.  Mid-year check-ins are also conducted to provide feedback, assess progress toward goals, and ensure continued alignment with business priorities. Employee performance is assessed based on a variety of key performance indicators, including achievement of objectives specific to the employee’s department or role, an assessment of company core competencies, feedback from peers and subordinate employees and managers in other departments and an assessment conducted by the employee’s direct manager. • Business Unit Trainin g. Business units provide hands-on training to their employees to equip them for success in their roles and provide increased opportunities to develop their careers. • Learning and Development Platforms. We provide employees with access to LinkedIn Learning, the firm’s primary platform for professional skills development. This platform offers employees self-directed learning opportunities in areas such as leadership, communication, collaboration, and other critical soft skills that support career advancement and alignment with the company’s core competencies. • Manager Training . Management training is provided to certain senior leaders and mid-level managers. This training covers, among other topics, talent review, development of underperforming employees, handling employee misconduct and coaching and success workshops. • Know-Your-Business Programs . We make available to employees a monthly “Know-Your-Business” program led by senior managers, including our CEO, to provide our employees with the opportunity to learn about our diverse product and service offerings, as well as familiarize themselves with the various operational and administrative support areas. • Virtual Networking and Mentoring Programs . We have established networking and mentoring programs to provide an additional means for employees to connect with each other, learn about different parts of our business and to help each other further develop their careers. Employee Health, Safety and Wellness We believe that doing our part to maintain the health and welfare of our employees is a critical element for achieving commercial success. As such, we have established a comprehensive wellness program to support the “whole” person. We offer a holistic and supportive workplace environment, as well as programming to empower and inspire employees to thrive financially, personally, and professionally. We’re passionate about creating and maintaining an environment where the ripple effects of wellness extend throughout the company. To empower employees to lead healthier, more balanced lives, and to foster a supportive and inclusive work environment, we offer: •     A discount on employee medical premiums for the completion of wellness initiatives. •     Employee assistance programs that include confidential financial, mental, and physical assistance. 18 Table of C ontents •     Financial education webinars on saving for retirement and other life milestones. •     A program where employees give back to their communities and/or charities through a “Collective Giving” program with a company match for charitable contributions and volunteer hours. •     A global personal day off for participating in community service or related personal causes that prioritize employee wellbeing. •     Newly enhanced family-friendly benefits, which include eight (8) weeks of paid leave for our parental bonding, adoption, and birth-related leaves, as well as fertility benefits. •     Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”) where employees interact over areas of common interest across all segments and geographies. We believe that the effects of our daily choices ripple through our communities, workplaces, and homes. By embracing a “whole” person with well-being in mind, we can make life more sustainable for all, now and in the future. We promote a culture of hard work and achievement that also values an appropriate work-life balance for our employees. We conduct employee surveys from time-to-time to collect feedback on our employees’ experience so that we understand and build upon the positive aspects of work life StoneX while improving our processes and policies. Foreign Operations We operate in a number of foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, Ireland, the U.K., Cyprus, Luxembourg, Germany, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Uruguay, Paraguay, Mexico, Nigeria, Dubai, China, India, Hong Kong, Australia, Singapore, Switzerland, Japan, Cayman Islands, Bermuda and Poland. We established wholly owned subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Cayman Islands and Bermuda but do not have offices or employees in those countries. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trademark, copyright, trade secret and unfair competition laws in the United States and other jurisdictions to protect our proprietary technology, intellectual property rights and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants, and confidentiality agreements with other third parties. We rigorously control access to our proprietary technology. Currently, we do not have any pending or issued patents. We use a variety of service marks that have been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”), including: StoneX, StoneX One, StoneHedge, StoneX Bullion, IRMP, FC Stone, CommodityNetwork, CoffeeNetwork, Gain Capital, FOREX.com, It’s Your World. Trade It., Gain Capital Futures, Gain Futures, Hrvyst, RJO Connect, Service is Our Trade, and RJ Oasis Strategic Investment Solutions. We also have registered trademarks covering our City Index brand name and logo in a variety of jurisdictions, including Australia, the U.K., the E.U., Singapore and China. We also have pursued trademark protection through the Madrid Protocol covering our StoneX brand name in a variety of jurisdictions. To date, we have received grants of registration in Australia, Brazil, Benelux, Columbia, the U.K., Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Singapore and are awaiting examination resolutions in other jurisdictions. Business Risks We seek to mitigate the market and credit risks arising from our financial trading activities through an active risk management program. The principal objective of this program is to limit trading risk to an acceptable level while maximizing the return generated on the risk assumed. We have a defined risk policy administered by our risk management committee, which reports to the Risk Committee of our Board of Directors. We established specific exposure limits for inventory positions in every business, as well as specific issuer limits and counterparty limits. We designed these limits to ensure that in a situation of unexpectedly large or rapid movements or disruptions in one or more markets, systemic financial distress, and the failure of a counterparty or the default of an issuer, the potential estimated loss will remain within acceptable levels. The Risk Committee of our Board of Directors reviews the performance of the risk management committee on a quarterly basis to monitor compliance with the established risk policy. Item 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and other third-parties to provide us with services that are essential to our ability to provide clients with our products and services. These services range from core infrastructure, such as utilities, communications and web hosting services, to systems that allow us to execute and process transactions entered into by our clients. If these vendors or other third-parties suffer operations issues, including as a result of cyber attacks, and they are unable to continue to provide these services to us, we may be exposed to a variety of risks, including loss of revenue if our clients cannot trade with us, increased costs if we are required to employ alternative solutions and reputational harm. In addition, some of our vendors hold sensitive information on our behalf, including personally identifiable information relating to our clients. If this data were to be compromised, either as a result of a cyber attack or otherwise, we could be in breach of our obligations to our clients, as well as applicable data protections laws, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. Cyber attacks directed at our vendors may also make us more vulnerable to being targeted for cyber attacks ourselves if the bad actors are able to obtain information relating to our company and / or systems. If one of our vendors experiences a cyberbreach of its own systems or has data that it holds misappropriated, we could be exposed to a number of additional risks, including: • heightened risk that we will not be able to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; • increased risk that external parties will be able to execute fraudulent transactions using our systems; • losses from fraudulent transactions, as well as potential liability for losses suffered by our clients; • increased operational costs to remediate the consequences of the external party’s security breach; and • reputational harm arising from the perception that our systems may not be secure. In some cases, operational issues or security breaches affecting our vendors may require us to take steps to protect the integrity of our own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information that we hold, including restricting the ability of our clients to trade or have access to their accounts. These actions could potentially diminish customer satisfaction and confidence in us, materially adversely affecting our results of operations. Furthermore, the widespread and expanding interconnectivity among financial institutions, clearing banks, CCPs, payment processors, financial technology companies, securities exchanges, clearing houses and other financial market infrastructures increases the risk that the disruption of an operational system involving one institution or entity, including those due to a cyber attack, may cause industry-wide operational disruptions that could materially affect our ability to conduct business. Internal or third-party computer and communications systems failures, capacity constraints and breaches of security could increase our operating costs and/or credit losses, decrease net operating revenues and cause us to lose clients. We are heavily dependent on the capacity and reliability of the computer and communications systems supporting our operations, whether owned and operated internally or by vendors or third parties, including those used for execution and clearance of our clients’ trades and our market-making activities. We receive and process a large portion of our trade orders through electronic means, such as through public and private communications networks. These computer and communications systems and networks are subject to performance degradation or failure due to any number of reasons, including loss of power, acts of war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, intentional acts of vandalism, client error or misuse, lack of proper maintenance or monitoring and similar events. While we currently maintain business continuity and disaster recovery plans (the “BCPs”), which are intended to minimize service interruptions and secure data integrity, our BCPs may not be sufficient or work effectively during an emergency. Similarly, although some contracts with our third-party providers, such as our hosting facility providers, require adequate disaster recovery or business continuity capabilities, we cannot be certain that these will be adequate or implemented properly. Our disaster recovery and business continuity plans are heavily reliant on the availability of the internet and mobile phone technology, so any disruption of those systems would likely affect our ability to recover promptly from a crisis situation. If we are unable to execute our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, or if our plans prove insufficient for a particular situation or take longer than expected to implement in a crisis situation, our business, financial condition and results of 24 Table of C ontents operations could be materially adversely affected, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur. Our inability to avoid or adequately address the failure of our key computer and communication systems exposes us to significant risks, including: • unanticipated disruptions in service to our clients; • slower response times, delays in trade execution and failed settlement of trades; • incomplete, untimely or inaccurate accounting, recording, reporting or processing of trades; • financial losses; and • litigation or other client claims and regulatory sanctions. We hold a large amount of personally identifiable information relating to our clients and other counterparties, which exposes us to significant regulatory and financial risks if such information is not properly safeguarded. In connection with our business, we collect and retain personally identifiable information of our clients. The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of the serious threats to information security in general and as it relates to our business. Our clients expect that we will adequately protect their personal information, and the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is rapidly evolving and increasingly demanding. Protecting against security breaches, including cyber-security attacks, is an increasing challenge, and penetrated or compromised data systems or the intentional or inadvertent release or disclosure of data has in the past, and may in the future, result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of client or company data. It is possible that our security controls over personally identifiable information, our training of employees on data security and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information that we collect, store and manage. We are exposed to significant risks relating to cybersecurity attacks against our trading platforms, internal databases and other technology systems. Cybersecurity attacks across industries, including ours, are increasing in sophistication and frequency and may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to measures targeted specifically at us. These attacks include but are not limited to, malicious software or viruses, attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or otherwise disrupt, our information systems, attempts to gain unauthorized access to proprietary information, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Cybersecurity failures may be caused by employee error or malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities of our vendors, suppliers, and their products. We have been subject to cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of our information technology systems, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Although we maintain cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems. System failures, inadvertent disclosure of client personal information and/or cybersecurity breaches expose us to financial losses, regulatory fines or sanctions and third-party litigation. The degradation or failure of the communications and computer systems on which we rely, due to internal system issues, vendor or other third party issues, cybersecurity attacks or for other reasons, or the significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of client information under any circumstances, may lead to financial losses, litigation or arbitration claims filed by or on behalf of our clients, and regulatory investigations and sanctions against us.  These events could also have a negative effect on our reputation, which in turn could cause us to lose existing clients to our competitors or make it more difficult for us to attract new clients in the future. Rapid market or technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our products and services to our clients. We must continue to enhance and improve our electronic trading platforms. The financial services industry is characterized by significant structural changes, increasingly complex systems and infrastructures, changes in clients’ needs and preferences and new business models. If new industry standards and practices emerge and our competitors release new technology before us, our existing technology, systems and electronic trading platforms may become obsolete or our existing business may be harmed. Our future success will depend on our ability to: • enhance our existing products and services; • develop and/or license new products and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our clients and prospective clients; • continue to attract highly-skilled technology personnel; and • respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Developing our electronic trading platforms and other technology entails significant technical and business risks. We may use new technologies ineffectively or we may fail to adapt our electronic trading platforms, information databases and network infrastructure to client requirements or emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements, our clients may forego the use of our platforms and use those of our competitors. 25 Table of C ontents Further, the adoption of new internet, networking, cloud, telecommunications or blockchain technologies may require us to devote substantial resources to modify and adapt our services. We cannot assure that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our proprietary technology and transaction-processing systems to client requirements or emerging industry standards. We cannot assure that we will be able to respond in a timely manner to changing market conditions or client requirements. Debt Financing and Indebtedness Risks The success of our business depends on us having access to significant liquidity. Our business requires substantial cash to support our operating activities, including establishing and carrying substantial open positions for clients on futures exchanges and in the OTC derivatives markets by posting and maintaining margin or credit support for these positions. Although we collect margin or other deposits from our clients for these positions, significant adverse price movements can occur which will require us to post margin or other deposits on short notice, whether or not we are able to collect additional margin or credit support from our clients. We have systems in place to collect margin and other deposits from clients on a same-day basis, however, there can be no assurance that these facilities and systems will be enable us to obtain additional cash on a timely basis. As such, the Company is highly dependent on its lines of credit and other financing facilities in order to fund margin calls and other operating activities and the loss of access to these sources of financing could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, tightening of the credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures, if and when needed. For example, Signature Bank was a lender under certain of our facilities, and although we did not experience any adverse impact upon the receivership of Signature Bank, we could experience reduced access to liquidity due to failures of other financial institutions and other parties. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could substantially and negatively impact our financial condition and ability to do business. Our significant level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of September 30, 2025, our total consolidated indebtedness was $1,941.0 million, and we may increase our indebtedness in the future as we continue to expand our business. The level of our indebtedness could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including: • requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments and general corporate requirements; • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments and general corporate requirements: • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the economy, the markets, regulatory requirements, our operations or business; • increasing the risk of a future downgrade of our credit ratings, which could increase future debt costs; and restricting our ability to borrow additional funds or refinance existing debt as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including secured indebtedness. If new indebtedness is added to our current indebtedness levels, the related risks that we now face could increase materially. As of September 30, 2025, $782.0 million of our borrowings are subject to variable interest rates and as such, in periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds will increase, which could reduce our net income. Committed credit facilities currently available to us might not be renewed. As of the date of this report, we have various committed credit facilities under which we could borrow up to $1,705.0 million, consisting of: • a $650.0 million facility for general working capital requirements, committed until June 3, 2028; • a $325.0 million facility for short-term funding of margin to commodity exchanges, committed until October 27, 2026; • a $325.0 million committed facility for financing commodity financing arrangements and commodity repurchase agreements, committed until July 29, 2026; • a $180.0 million committed subordinated credit facility that complies with the applicable regulatory requirements, and the borrowings are available for computing net capital under the CFTC’s net capital rule for R.J. O’Brien & Associates, LLC, committed until April 30, 2027; • a $175.0 million facility for short-term funding of margin to commodity exchanges, committed until October 6, 2026; and 26 Table of C ontents • a $20.0 million facility for general working capital requirements, committed until January 23, 2026; • a $15.0 million facility for general working capital requirements, committed until September 4, 2026; • a $15.0 million facility for general working capital requirements, committed until October 1, 2026; It is possible that these facilities might not be renewed at the end of their commitment periods and that we will be unable to replace them with other facilities on terms favorable to us or at all. If our credit facilities are unavailable or are insufficient to support future levels of business activity, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition, in such circumstances, we may need to raise additional debt or equity financing on terms that are unattractive or dilutive to our current shareholders. Moreover, if we cannot raise additional funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to develop or enhance our business, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressure or unanticipated requirements, leading to reduced profitability. The agreements governing our notes and other debt contain financial covenants that impose restrictions on our business. The indentures governing our 7.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2031, 6.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 and the agreements governing our above-mentioned committed credit facilities impose significant operating and financial restrictions and limit our ability and that of our restricted subsidiaries to incur and guarantee additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, capital stock and prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt, among other restrictions. Our failure to comply with these restrictive covenants, as well as others contained in any future debt instruments entered into from time to time, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their maturity. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, to obtain additional debt or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Global Regulatory Risks The scope and complexity of the regulation to which we are subject creates significant risks for us. The securities and derivatives industries are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and foreign laws. In addition, the SEC, the CFTC, FINRA, the MSRB, the FCA, the Financial Services Authority, the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada, the U.S. Office of Special Counsel, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority, the NFA, the CME Group, Inc. and other self-regulatory organizations (commonly referred to as SROs), state securities commissions, and foreign securities regulators require compliance with their respective rules and regulations. These regulations govern a broad and diverse range of our activities, including, without limitation, risk management, disclosures to clients, reporting requirements, client identification and anti-money laundering requirements, safeguarding client assets and personal information and the conduct of our directors, officers and employees. Failure to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations could result in material adverse effects on or business, results of operations and financial condition, including as a result of regulatory investigations and enforcement proceedings, civil litigation, fines and/or other settlement payments. In addition, changes in existing rules or regulations, including the interpretation thereof, or the adoption of new rules or regulations, could subject us to increased cost and risk of regulatory investigation or civil litigation, one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The cost of complying with our regulatory requirements is significant and could increase materially in the future. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs to comply with our regulatory requirements, including with respect to the development, operation and continued enhancement of our trading platforms and technology solutions relating to trade execution, trade reporting, trade surveillance and transaction monitoring, record keeping and data reporting. New regulations, including amendments of existing rules, could result in material increases in operating costs in order to comply with additional regulatory requirements. We are exposed to significant risk from civil litigation and regulatory enforcement actions against us. As a result of the broad scope of our highly regulated business activities and our large and diverse client population, we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business, including governmental and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which can be costly and time consuming to defend or address and expose us to risk of loss and fines and penalties.  Actions that have been filed against us, and that may be filed against us in the future, include tort claims, contractual disputes, employment matters and workers’ compensation claims. The timing and final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. Additionally, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely affecting our liquidity. Moreover, the amounts 27 Table of C ontents involved in the trades we execute, together with the potential for rapid price movements in the products we offer, can result in potentially large damage claims in any litigation that arises in connection with such trades. In addition, the volume of claims and the amount of damages and fines claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services firms has been increasing and may continue to increase. The risks relating to litigation and regulatory investigations and enforcement actions will also increase as our business expands. For a further discussion of litigation risks, see Item 3—Legal Proceedings below and Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of our subsidiaries are required to maintain significant levels of net capital and if our subsidiaries fail to meet these requirements, we face suspension, expulsion or limitation on our product lines. Our regulated subsidiaries are subject to a number of requirements to maintain specific levels of net capital. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject our subsidiaries to suspension or revocation of their license or registration or expulsion from regulatory bodies. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition to these net capital requirements, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to the deposit and/or collateral requirements of the clearing houses and exchanges in which such subsidiaries participate. These requirements may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of client trading activity. Failure to meet such requirements could result in our inability to continue to participate in such clearinghouses and exchanges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. Changes in existing net capital rules or the issuance of new rules could restrict our operations or limit our ability to issue dividends or repay debt. Our business depends on the use of capital, most of which is generated and held by our operating subsidiaries. If there are changes to existing net capital rules, or new rules are issued, that require us to hold additional capital at our operating subsidiaries, we may be unable to issue dividends from our subsidiaries to fund our operations or repay our debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. Rapidly evolving regulations regarding data privacy could increase our costs and adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to rules and regulations adopted by state, federal and foreign governments, and regulatory organizations governing data privacy, including, but not limited to for example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Additional states, as well as foreign jurisdictions, have enacted or are proposing similar data protection regimes, resulting in a rapidly evolving landscape governing how we collect, use, transfer and protect personal data. These laws and regulations are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving interpretations. Government officials, regulators, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share, transmit and destroy personal data. We must continually monitor the development and adoption of, and commit substantial time and resources to comply with, new and emerging laws and regulations and/ or expanded interpretations of existing laws. These regulations, as well as changes to existing rules, could result in material increases in operating costs and impact the manner in which our products and services can be offered to our clients. Any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, and any failure to comply with the CCPA, GDPR or other applicable data protection regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, could subject us to risk of regulatory investigation, penalties, business disruption, civil litigation and reputational harm, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. International Operations Risks Our international operations involve special challenges that we may not be able to meet, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We engage in a significant amount of business with clients in markets outside the United States. We face certain additional risks that are inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the regulated industries in which we participate. These risks include an inability to manage and coordinate the various regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions that are constantly evolving and are also subject to unexpected change, difficulties of debt collection and enforcement of contractual rights in foreign jurisdictions and reduced protection for intellectual property rights. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could negatively impact our earnings. A significant portion of our international business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar can therefore affect the value of our non‑U.S. dollar net assets, revenues and expenses. Although we closely monitor potential exposures as a result of these fluctuations in currencies and adopt strategies designed to reduce the impact of these fluctuations on our financial results, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in managing our foreign exchange risk and potential movements in the U.S. dollar against other currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. Our exposure to 28 Table of C ontents currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow if the relative contribution of our operations outside the U.S. increases. Any material fluctuations in currencies could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our international operations are subject to the political, legal and economic risks associated with politically unstable and less developed regions of the world, including the risk of war and other international conflicts and actions by governmental authorities, insurgent groups, terrorists and others. Our international operations are subject to specific risks that are more likely to arise in politically unstable and less developed regions of the world. We may conduct business in countries that are the subject of actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19, political instability, civil strife and other geopolitical uncertainty, economic and financial instability, highly inflationary environment, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers, exchange rate fluctuations, applicable currency controls, the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including reliance on local experts. As a result of these and other factors, the currencies of these countries may be unstable. Future instability in such currencies or the imposition of governmental or regulatory restrictions on such currencies or on business in such countries could impede our foreign business. As we operate or otherwise extend our services in certain jurisdictions without local registration, licensing or authorization, we may be subject to possible enforcement actions and sanctions for our operations in such jurisdictions if our operations are determined to have violated regulations in those jurisdictions. Further, we may be required to cease operations in one or more of the countries in which we operate without registration, licensing or authorization, or our growth may be limited by newly imposed regulatory or other restrictions. A portion of our trading volume is attributable to clients in jurisdictions in which we or our white label partners are not currently licensed or authorized by the local government or applicable self-regulatory organization. This includes jurisdictions, such as China, from which we derive revenue and profit, and in which the local government has not adopted specific regulations governing the trading of foreign exchange and CFD products of the types we offer to clients, and jurisdictions in which we operate or otherwise extend our services in reliance on exemptions from the regulatory regime. We determine the nature and extent of services we can offer and the manner in which we conduct our business in the various jurisdictions in which we serve clients based on a variety of factors, including legal advice received from local counsel, our review of applicable U.S. and local laws and regulations and, in some cases, our discussions with local regulators. In cases in which we operate in jurisdictions based on local legal advice and/or cross border in a manner that we believe does not require us to be regulated in a particular jurisdiction, we are exposed to the risk that our legal, regulatory and other analysis is subsequently determined by a local regulatory agency or other authority to be incorrect and that we have not been in compliance with local laws or regulations, including local licensing or authorization requirements, and to the risk that the regulatory environment in a jurisdiction may change, including in a circumstance where laws or regulations or licensing or authorization requirements that previously were not enforced become subject to enforcement. In such jurisdictions in which we are not licensed or authorized, we may be subject to a variety of restrictions regarding the manner in which we conduct our business or serve clients, including restrictions on: • our sales and marketing activities; • the use of a website specifically targeted to potential clients in a particular country; • our ability to have a physical presence in a particular country; or • the types of services we may offer clients physically present in each country. These restrictions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and/or may limit our ability to grow or continue to operate our business in any such jurisdiction or may result in increased overhead costs or degradation in our services in that jurisdiction. Consequently, we cannot assure you that our operations in jurisdictions where we are not licensed or authorized will continue uninterrupted or that our international expansion plans will be achieved. We may be subject to possible enforcement action and penalties if we are determined to have previously offered, or currently offer, our services in violation of applicable laws and regulations in any of the markets in which we serve clients. In any such case, we may be required to cease the conduct of our business with clients in one or more jurisdictions. We may also determine that compliance with the laws or licensing, authorization or other regulatory requirements for continuing the business in one or more jurisdictions are too onerous to justify making the necessary changes. In addition, any such event could negatively impact our relationship with the regulators or self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions where we are subject to regulation. Our operations are required to comply with specific anti-corruption and record-keeping laws and regulations applicable to companies conducting business internationally, and if we violate these laws and regulations, it could adversely affect our business and subject us to broader liability. Our international business operations are subject to various anti-corruption laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”) and trade sanctions administered by OFAC. The FCPA is intended to prohibit bribery of foreign officials and requires companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect those companies’ transactions and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against designated foreign states, organizations and individuals. 29 Table of C ontents Though we have policies in place designed to comply with applicable OFAC sanctions, rules and regulations as well as the FCPA and equivalent laws and rules of other jurisdictions, including the UK Bribery Act 2010, there can be no assurance that, in the future, our business operations will not violate these laws and regulations, and we could be exposed to claims for damages, financial penalties, reputational harm, incarceration of employees and restrictions on our operations and cash flows. The imposition of new tariffs or changes to existing tariffs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A number of significant structural, political, and monetary issues continue to confront the global economy, and instability could continue, resulting in changes to the level of inflation, market volatility, potential recession, supply chain constraints and costs, diminished trading volumes, uncertainty, increased operating expenses, and increased costs due to potential new tariffs or changes to existing tariffs. The impact of these events and other factors on our financial position and results of operations is difficult to predict, could affect the comparability of our results of operations from period to period, and may have an adverse effect on our financial results. Competition Risk We are subject to intense competition. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from market-making and trading activities involving securities, commodities and foreign exchange.  The market for these services, particularly market-making services through electronic platforms, is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive.  We expect competition to continue and increase in the future.  We compete primarily with wholesale, national and regional broker-dealers and FCMs, as well as electronic communications networks and retail brokers. We compete primarily on the basis of our expertise and quality of service. We also derive a significant portion of our revenues from commodities risk management services.  The commodity risk management industry is very competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future.  Our primary competitors in this industry include both large, diversified financial institutions and commodity-oriented businesses, smaller firms that focus on specific products or regional markets and independent FCMs. A number of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have.  Some of them: • offer alternative forms of financial intermediation as a result of superior technology and greater availability of information; • offer a wider range of services and products than we offer; • are larger and better capitalized; • have greater name recognition; and • have more extensive client bases. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or evolving opportunities and client requirements. They may also be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities and offer more attractive terms to clients. Alternatively, some of our competitors are smaller, subject to lower capital requirements, and may be able to adopt and implement emerging technologies more quickly. Recent advances in computing and communications technology are substantially changing the means by which market-making and brokerage services are delivered, including more direct access on-line to a wide variety of services and information.  This has created demand for more sophisticated levels of client service.  Providing these services may entail considerable cost without an offsetting increase in revenues.  In addition, current and potential competitors have established or may establish cooperative relationships or may consolidate to enhance their services and products. New competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and they may acquire significant market share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Organizational Risks Our growth has depended significantly on acquisitions. A large proportion of our historical growth has been achieved through acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies or services. Our operating revenues grew from $1,673.1 million in fiscal 2021 to $4,126.9 million in fiscal 2025 partially as a result of several acquisitions. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to engage in additional suitable acquisitions on attractive terms or at all, or that we would be able to obtain financing for future transactions.  If we are not able to enter into additional transactions, our growth may be adversely affected. There are numerous significant risks associated with acquisitions and our failure to adequately manage these risks could lead to financial loss and a failure to realize the benefits of the transactions. There are a number of significant challenges that need to be overcome in order to realize the benefits of acquisitions, including: 30 Table of C ontents • integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures, technologies and operations of the acquired companies; • retaining and assimilating the key personnel of acquired companies; • retaining existing clients of the acquired companies; • creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and • achieving revenue growth. If these risks are not appropriately managed, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or incur unanticipated liabilities, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, in connection with our acquisitions, we may be required to issue common stock, which would dilute our existing shareholders, or incur additional debt, which would increase our operating costs and potentially strain our liquidity. Moreover, acquisitions could lead to increases in amortization expenses, impairments of goodwill and purchased long-lived assets or restructuring charges, any of which could materially harm our financial condition or results. Lapses in disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting could materially and adversely affect our operations, profitability or reputation. We are committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Nevertheless, lapses or deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures or in our internal control over financial reporting may occur from time to time. Management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as we have determined that our control was not operating effectively to assess the proper presentation of “securities purchased under agreements to resell” and “securities sold under agreements to repurchase” for financial reporting purposes, as it related to netting by counterparty, within the presentation of our consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of cash flows as of and for the year ended September 30, 2025 prior to filing. As a result of the material weakness, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at September 30, 2025. Management is taking steps to remediate the internal control deficiency through additional employee training on the proper review procedures in their respective internal control areas as well as reinforcement of the importance of a strong control environment and clearly communicating expectations to emphasize responsibilities and the technical requirements for internal control. There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in the future or that a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting will not again exist. Any such lapses or deficiencies may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition, require us to expend significant resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies, expose us to regulatory or legal proceedings, subject us to fines, penalties, judgments or losses not covered by insurance, harm our reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence. Acquisitions give rise to unforeseen issues. Acquisitions involve considerable risk, including the potential disruption of each company’s ongoing business and the distraction of their respective management teams, unanticipated expenses and unforeseen liabilities. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or incur unanticipated liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. From time to time, we may enter into negotiations for acquisitions or investments that are not ultimately consummated. Such negotiations could result in significant diversion of management time, as well as out-of-pocket costs. The consideration paid in connection with an investment or acquisition also affects our financial results. If we were to proceed with one or more significant acquisitions in which the consideration included cash, we could be required to use a substantial portion of our available cash to consummate any acquisition. To the extent we issue shares of capital stock or other rights to purchase capital stock, including options or other rights, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. In addition, acquisitions may result in the incurrence of debt, large non-recurring write-offs, such as of acquired in-process research and development costs, and restructuring charges. We depend on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Competition for key personnel and other highly qualified management, sales, trading, compliance and technical personnel is significant.  It is possible that we will be unable to retain our key personnel and to attract, assimilate or retain other highly qualified personnel in the future.  The loss of the services of any of our key personnel or the inability to identify, hire, train and retain other qualified personnel in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. From time to time, other companies in the financial sector have experienced losses of sales and trading professionals. The level of competition to attract these professionals is intense.  It is possible that we will lose professionals due to increased competition or other factors in the future.  The loss of a sales and trading professional, particularly a senior professional with broad industry expertise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Certain provisions of Delaware law and our charter may adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock and make a takeover of us more difficult. We are organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.  Certain provisions of 31 Table of C ontents Delaware law may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control.  In addition, certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest.  Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the board to determine the terms of our unissued series of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares of any series of preferred stock without any vote or action by our stockholders.  As a result, the board can authorize and issue shares of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our common stock.  In addition, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, because the rights given to the holders of a series of preferred stock may prohibit a merger, reorganization, sale, liquidation or other extraordinary corporate transaction. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2025 that remain unresolved. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We recognize that cyber incidents, including but not limited to data breaches, ransomware attacks, and system outages, pose a material risk to our operations. We have processes in place for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. These processes are embodied in our Information Risk Management Policy, which is supported by a set of standards and procedures, to provide a structured methodology for identifying, assessing, and managing risks to critical assets, including applications and systems. The Information Risk Management Policy is designed to provide a consistent risk management approach across the organization to safeguard against existing and emerging threats and to align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework. The processes for cybersecurity risk management that we follow are integrated into our enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program. Our risk management processes include identifying and documenting key risks, assessing the potential business impact and likelihood of the identified risks, and developing mitigation plans for any risks that are deemed to be critical and or material.  The Company uses various techniques to identify risks, up to and including input from our threat intelligence teams, which includes monitoring adversarial tactics and techniques, as well as annual penetration testing using third-party vendors. Once identified, these risks are assessed to evaluate potential impacts to us from compromised confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information systems, considering financial, operational, legal, and reputational risks. Risk ratings are determined by evaluating the threats, any vulnerabilities, and potential business impacts, and this information is documented in our risk register. The management of material risks from cybersecurity threats is assigned to appropriate personnel, with mitigation or remediation plans approved by executive management and reviewed regularly. The ongoing management of material risks from cybersecurity threats includes promoting security awareness throughout the Company, such as quarterly employee training, ongoing monitoring for cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities, incident response planning, and data backup and retention and recovery readiness in accordance with our global business resilience planning policy and program. We have in place a comprehensive Security Incident Response Plan that outlines the policies and procedures to be followed in the event of an incident, including escalation and communication procedures. We also have processes in place to oversee and identify material risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers. These processes include a review of vendors against cybersecurity-focused criteria through our vendor due diligence process, as well as a policy which mandates the inclusion of certain security-related clauses and provisions in our contracts with vendors and suppliers. We also conduct ongoing monitoring and assurance processes, including assessments, to ensure compliance with applicable security-related contractual provisions and other requirements. Periodically, we engage third-party consultants to assess the maturity of our cybersecurity controls using the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. The assessment covers our risk management processes, people, and technologies. The findings are shared with our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), senior management, and the Board of Directors, and the results are used to refine or enhance our risk management practices relating to cybersecurity. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks and such prior incidents have not had a material affect on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. We anticipate that we will continue to be subject to such attacks. Our security programs and measures do not prevent all intrusions and the occurrence of a significant cybersecurity incident could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. See

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, work in process, and completed goods. These are reported as components of Physical commodities inventory, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company’s valuation policy includes estimating the cost to complete refining the various stages into finished product, the type of materials being refined, along with the market prices of the finished product to arrive at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Property and Equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the improvement or the term of the lease, whichever is shorter. Expenditures that increase the value or productive capacity of assets are capitalized. When an asset is retired, sold, or otherwise disposed of, the carrying amount and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in earnings. The Company had no assets held for sale at September 30, 2025 and 2024. The Company accounts for costs incurred to develop its trading platforms and related software in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software, which requires that such technology be capitalized in the application development stage. Costs related to planning, training, administration, and non-value added maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Capitalized software development costs are amortized over the useful life of the software, which the Company generally estimates at three years . In accordance with ASC 360-10, Property, Plant and Equipment, the Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets when events and circumstances warrant such review. The carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired when the anticipated identifiable undiscounted cash flows from such an asset (or asset group) are less than carrying value. In that event, a loss is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair market value of the long-lived asset. The Company has identified impairment indicators as of September 30, 2025, discussed in Note 7. The Company did not identify impairment indicators as of September 30, 2024. This standard applies to assets held for use and not to assets held for sale. Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets Goodwill is the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair value of identifiable net assets at acquisition date. Goodwill is not subject to amortization, but rather is evaluated for impairment at least annually. The Company evaluates its goodwill for impairment during the fourth quarter of its fiscal year or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. Goodwill impairment is determined by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit (generally defined as the businesses for which financial information is available and reviewed regularly by management) with its respective carrying value. If the estimated fair value exceeds the carrying value, goodwill at the reporting unit level is not deemed to be impaired. However, if the estimated fair value is below carrying value, further analysis is required to determine the amount of the impairment. 85 Table of C ontents In the course of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill, the Company may perform either a qualitative or a quantitative assessment. The Company’s qualitative assessment of potential impairment may result in the determination that a quantitative impairment analysis is not necessary. Under this elective process, the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads the Company to determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, the Company determines it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then performing a quantitative analysis is not required. However, if the Company concludes otherwise, then the Company performs a quantitative impairment analysis. If the Company either chooses not to perform a qualitative assessment, or the Company chooses to perform a qualitative assessment but is unable to qualitatively conclude that no impairment has occurred, then the Company performs a quantitative evaluation. In the case of a quantitative assessment, the Company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit with which the goodwill that is subject to the quantitative analysis is associated and compares it to the carrying value. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the Company estimates the fair value of all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit’s goodwill is greater than the estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess. The fair value of the Company’s reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values under the qualitative assessment approach. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded for any of the periods presented, nor were any indicators present. Identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit, ranging from five to twenty years . Both definite and indefinite lived identifiable intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. Residual value is presumed to be zero for all identifiable intangible assets. No intangible impairment charges were recorded for any of the periods presented, nor were any indicators present. Financial Instruments Owned and Sold, Not Yet Purchased Financial instruments owned and sold, not yet purchased, at fair value consist of financial instruments carried at fair value, measured on a recurring basis, or amounts that approximate fair value. Related realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in current period earnings within Principal gains, net , Interest income , Interest expense , and Cost of sales of physical commodities in the Consolidated Income Statements. The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The Company has entered into certain mortgages and other loans that will eventually be securitized. The Company has elected the fair value option, under ASC 825, because this election aligns mark to market recognition of these assets with the rest of the Company’s portfolio of similar assets. Changes to the value of these assets are recorded to Principal gains, net in the Consolidated Income Statements. Financial instruments owned and sold, not yet purchased comprise primarily the financial instruments held by the Company’s broker-dealer subsidiaries and the Company’s OTC derivative swap dealer. Financial instruments owned and financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, includes trading securities that the Company holds as a principal. The Company has not classified any financial instruments owned or sold, not yet purchased, as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Financial instruments owned and sold, not yet purchased includes derivative instruments that the Company holds as a principal which are primarily transacted on an OTC basis. As a derivatives dealer, the Company utilizes these instruments to manage exposures to foreign currency, commodity price and interest rate risks for the Company and its clients. The Company’s objectives for holding derivatives include reducing, eliminating, and efficiently managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as possible. The Company’s derivative instruments also include forward purchase and sale commitments for the physical delivery of agricultural and energy related commodities in a future period. Contracts for the sale of agricultural and energy commodities generally do not extend beyond one year, while contracts to purchase agricultural and energy commodities generally relate to the current or future crop year. Derivative instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. For derivatives for which the Company does not elect hedge accounting, realized and unrealized gains and losses from the changes in fair value of derivative instruments are recognized immediately in current period earnings. Realized and unrealized gains and losses from the derivative instruments in which the Company acts as a dealer are included within Principal gains, net on the Consolidated Income Statements. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on firm purchase and sale commitments are included within Cost of sales of physical commodities on the Consolidated Income Statements. To reduce credit exposure on the derivative instruments for which the Company acts as a dealer, the Company may enter into a master netting arrangement that allows for settlement of all derivative transactions with each counterparty. In addition, the credit support annex that accompanies master netting arrangements allows parties to the master netting agreement to mitigate their credit risk by requiring the party which is out of the money to post collateral. The Company accepts collateral in the form 86 Table of C ontents of cash or other marketable securities. Where permitted, the Company elects to net-by-counterparty certain derivative instruments entered into under a legally enforceable master netting agreement and, therefore, the fair value of those derivative instruments are netted by counterparty in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Company elects to net-by-counterparty the fair value of such derivative instruments, the Company also nets-by-counterparty cash collateral exchanged as part of those derivative instruments. The Company also brokers foreign exchange forwards, options and cash, or spot, transactions between clients and external counterparties. A portion of the contracts are arranged on an offsetting basis, limiting the Company’s risk to performance of the two offsetting parties. The offsetting nature of the contracts eliminates the effects of market fluctuations on the Company’s operating results. Due to the Company’s role as a principal participating in both sides of these contracts, the amounts are presented gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values, net of offsetting assets and liabilities. The Company holds proprietary positions in its foreign exchange line of business. On a limited basis, the Company’s foreign exchange trade desk will accept a client transaction and will offset that transaction with a similar but not identical position with a counterparty. These unmatched transactions are intended to be short-term in nature and are often conducted to facilitate the most effective transaction for the Company’s client. These spot and forward contracts are accounted for as free-standing derivatives and reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair values. The Company may lease commodities to or from clients or counterparties. These commodity leases, which primarily involve precious metals, are recorded at fair value utilizing the fair value option based on guidance in ASC 825-10, Financial Instruments - Fair Value Option. These commodities leases represent hybrid financial instruments which contain both a dollar denominated loan host contract and an embedded forward derivative contract on the underlying commodities, which can be settled in either cash or metals. As permitted by the fair value option election, the entire instrument is recorded at fair value as either an asset or liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company elects to value all of its commodities lease agreements at fair value using the fair value option. For further information regarding the types of financial instruments owned and sold, not yet purchased, as well as the related valuation techniques refer to Note 3. Derivative instruments and hedging activities The Company executes interest rate swaps and foreign currency hedges to lessen the impacts of changes to interest rates and currency exchange rates, respectively, as well as to benefit from favorable conditions. The Company recognizes all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value. For all of the Company’s derivative positions that are designated and qualify as part of a cash flow hedging relationship, the Company performs an initial quantitative effectiveness test to achieve hedge accounting treatment as a component of other comprehensive income until the hedged transactions are realized in earnings. All of the Company’s cash flow hedges were initially deemed highly effective and continue to be, through qualitative assessment, as of September 30, 2025 for both accounting and tax purposes. The Company has elected hedge accounting for both U.S. GAAP and tax purposes. The Company maintains formal documentation through a periodic memo and accounting analysis that cover what is being hedged, how it is being hedged, initial hedge effectiveness, qualitative subsequent analysis, and the nature of the risk being hedged, among other required analyses. Exchange and Clearing Organization Memberships The Company or its affiliates are required to hold certain exchange and clearing organization memberships and pledges them for clearing purposes, in order to provide the right to process trades directly with the respective venues. Exchange memberships include seats on the Chicago Board of Trade (“CBOT”), the New York Mercantile Exchange (“NYMEX”), the Commodity Exchange, Inc. (“COMEX”) Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, Mercado de Valores de Buenos Aires S.A. (“MERVAL”), the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”) Growth and Emerging Markets, InterContinental Exchange, Inc. (“ICE”) Futures US, and the London Metal Exchange (“LME”). Exchange firm and clearing organization common stock include shares of CME Group, Inc., ICE, MIAX Futures Exchange, LME Holdings Limited, and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). Exchange and clearing organization memberships required in order to conduct business through the respective venues are recorded at cost and are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Equity investments in exchange firm common stock not required in order to conduct business on the exchanges are classified as trading securities included within Financial instruments owned, at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded as a component of Principal gains, net on the Consolidated Income Statements. The fair value of exchange firm common stock not required in order to conduct business on the exchanges is determined from quoted market prices. Exchange memberships that represent both (a) an ownership interest and the right to conduct business in the respective venues and are held for operating purposes, or (b) an ownership interest, which must be held by the Company to conduct business in the respective venues are accounted for as an ownership interest at cost with appropriate consideration for other-than-temporary impairment. 87 Table of C ontents Alternatively, exchange memberships, or seats, that only represent the right to conduct business on an exchange, but not an ownership interest in the exchange, are accounted for as intangible assets at cost with potential impairment determined under Accounting Standards Codification 350-30, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. As of and during the year ended September 30, 2025, there were no indicators of impairment that would suggest that the carrying value of exchange memberships that don’t represent an ownership interest are impaired, primarily based upon projections of future cash flows and earnings attributable to access these respective venues. Commodity Financing The Company also participates in commodity repurchase transactions that are accounted for as commodity inventory and purchases and sales of physical commodities as opposed to secured borrowings. The repurchase price under these arrangements is not fixed at the time of execution and, therefore, does not meet all the criteria to be accounted for as product financing arrangements. Lenders Under Loans Lenders under loans are accounted for at amortized cost, which approximates fair value due to variable rates of interest. Senior Secured Borrowings Senior secured borrowings are accounted for at amortized cost, and are stated net of unamortized deferred financing costs and original issue discount. Contingent Consideration For acquisitions which include contingent consideration as a component of the purchase price, the Company estimates and records the fair value of the contingent consideration at the acquisition date. Additionally, each reporting period, the Company estimates changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Consolidated Income Statements. Estimating contingent consideration fair value incorporates assumptions regarding future operating results, discount rates, and probabilities assigned to various potential operating results scenarios. Revenue Recognition The Company accounts for revenue earned from contracts with clients for services such as the execution, clearing, brokering, and custody of futures and options on futures contracts, OTC derivatives, and securities, investment management, and underwriting services under  FASB ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“Topic 606”). Revenues for these services are recognized when the performance obligations related to the underlying transaction are completed. Only when goods or services are transferred to clients are revenues recognized and the amount reflects the consideration that the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Revenues are analyzed to determine whether the Company is the principal (i.e. reports revenue on a gross basis) or agent (i.e., reports revenues on a net basis) in the contract. Principal or agent designations depend primarily on the control an entity has over the good or service before control is transferred to a client. The indicators of which party exercises control include primary responsibility over performance obligations, inventory risk before the good or service is transferred, and discretion in establishing the price. The revenue recognition model does not apply to revenues associated with dealing, or market-making, activities in financial instruments or contracts in the capacity of a principal, including derivative sales contracts which result in physical settlement and interest income. Refer to Note 15 for further discussion of the Company’s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition. Cost of Sales of Physical Commodities Cost of sales of physical commodities includes finished commodity or raw material and processing costs along with operating costs relating to the receipt, storage and delivery of physical commodities. Cost of sales of physical commodities also includes changes in the fair value of agricultural commodity inventories held for sale and adjustments for related forward purchase and sale commitments and exchange-traded futures and options contracts. Cost of sales of physical commodities further includes lower of cost or net realizable value for energy commodities and certain precious metals. The Company’s cost of sales of physical commodities and the related impact on inventory are valued using various methods, including average costing and specific identification, in different geographies and for different business lines. 88 Table of C ontents Interest Expense Interest expense is recognized on an accrual basis. Interest expense is incurred on outstanding balances on the Company’s credit facilities. Interest expense is also incurred on fixed income securities sold, not yet purchased, that the Company holds in its market-marking businesses. Interest expense is also incurred from collateralized transactions, including securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. Transaction-Based Clearing Expenses Clearing fees and related expenses include primarily variable expenses for clearing and settlement services, including fees the Company pays to executing brokers, exchanges, clearing organizations and banks. These fees are based on transaction volume and recorded as expense on trade date. Clearing fees are passed on to clients and are presented gross in the consolidated statements of income as the Company acts as a principal for these transactions. Introducing Broker Commissions Introducing broker commissions are amounts paid to non-employee individuals or organizations that maintain relationships with clients and introduce them to the Company. Introducing brokers accept exchange-based futures and options orders from those clients, while the Company directly provides all account, transaction and margining services, including accepting money, securities and property from the clients. Introducing brokers bring clients to the Company’s OTC, physical commodity and payment businesses as well. Introducing broker commissions are determined monthly and settled regularly. Compensation and Benefits Compensation and benefits consists primarily of salaries, incentive compensation, share-based compensation, variable compensation, including commissions, related payroll taxes and employee benefits. The Company classifies employees as either front office, operational or administrative personnel, which includes executive officers. Variable compensation paid to front office personnel generally represents a fixed percentage of revenues generated, and in some cases, revenues produced less direct costs and an overhead allocation. The Company accrues commission expense on a trade-date basis. Share-Based Compensation The Company grants long-term equity awards under its stock-based compensation plans to certain employees of the Company. These awards include stock options, restricted stock, and performance share units. The Company accounts for share-based compensation resulting from these awards in accordance with the guidance in ASC 718-10, Compensation - Stock Compensation. The fair value of stock option awards is estimated using a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. The fair value of restricted stock and performance share units is the closing market price per share of the Company’s common stock on the grant date less the present value of the expected dividends, if any, not received during the vesting period. The Company estimates the fair value of performance share units using the closing market price of Company common stock on the date of grant, based on the performance condition that was most probable at that time. The Company amortizes the calculated fair value over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award. The Company reassesses the probability at each reporting period and recognize the cumulative effect of the change in estimate in the period of change. In the reporting period it becomes probable that the minimum performance threshold specified in the performance share unit award will be achieved, the Company recognizes compensation expense for the proportionate share of the total fair value of the performance share units related to the vesting period that has already lapsed for the performance share units expected to vest. The remaining fair value of the performance share units expected to vest is expensed on a straight-line basis over the remainder of the vesting period. In the event the Company determines it is no longer probable that the minimum performance threshold specified in the award will be achieved, the Company reverses all of the previously recognized compensation expense in the reporting period such a determination is made. Share-based employee awards that require future service are amortized over the relevant service period.  For awards granted, compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for the entire award. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur in determining share-based employee compensation expense. See Note 16 for further information on the Company’s share-based compensation. Selling and Marketing The Company generally expenses Selling and marketing costs as incurred. The Company’s policy includes expensing commercial media development costs as incurred, rather than deferring them until the related commercial airs. The Company expenses air time, such as television air-time, as used. 89 Table of C ontents Income Taxes Income tax expense includes U.S. federal, state and local and foreign income taxes. Certain items of income and expense are not reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year. Accounting for income taxes aims to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. The Company utilizes the asset and liability method to provide income taxes on all transactions recorded in the consolidated financial statements. This method requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. Accordingly, a deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference is determined based on the tax rates that the Company expects to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company’s financial statements or tax returns, including the repatriation of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries.  In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authority, based upon the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. See Note 19 for further information on the Company’s income taxes. Additional Paid-In Capital The Company’s additional paid-in capital (“APIC”) consists of stockholder contributions that are in excess of par value of common stock, also including amounts related to stock options exercises and share-based compensation. Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income consists of net income and other gains and losses affecting stockholders’ equity that, under U.S. GAAP, are excluded from net income. Other comprehensive income (loss) includes net actuarial gains and losses from defined benefit pension plans, the unrealized gains and losses from the Company’s cash flow hedges, as well as gains and losses on foreign currency translations. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue one million shares of preferred stock, par value of $ 0.01 per share, in one or more classes or series to be established by the Company’s Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, no preferred shares were outstanding and the Company’s Board of Directors had not established any class or series of shares. Common stock in treasury, at cost As of September 30, 2025, the Company had 2,780,923 shares at historical cost of $ 32.8 million held in treasury. During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company reissued 3,085,554 shares with a historical average cost of $ 11.82 per share, for a total cost of $ 36.5 million. These shares were reissued in connection with the Company’s acquisition of RTS Investor Corp., which was the parent company for the R.J. O’Brien global business (“RJO”) for a total fair value $ 300.1 million or $ 97.24 per share. The difference between the cost and reissued fair value was booked within Additional paid-in-capital. Acquisitions The Company applies acquisition accounting on the date of acquisition to those transactions meeting the definition of a business under ASC 805. Applying acquisition accounting requires the Company to allocate the purchase consideration to the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed on acquisition date. In determining the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the Company frequently utilizes a third-party valuation specialist. The Company applies certain significant assumptions, estimates, and judgments in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on acquisition date. These significant assumptions, estimates, and judgments include, but are not limited to, cash flow forecasts, discount rates, client churn rates, royalty rates, and economic lives. Any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Alternatively, in an instance where the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeds the purchase consideration, the Company records a bargain purchase gain in the Consolidated Income Statements at the date of acquisition. While the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, these estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the remeasurement period, which may extend one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Consolidated Income Statements rather than adjusted through goodwill or bargain purchase gains. The Company includes the post-acquisition results of acquired businesses in the Consolidated Income Statements from the date of acquisition. Acquisition related costs, such as fees for attorneys, accountants, and investment bankers, are expensed as incurred and are not capitalized as part of the purchase price. 90 Table of C ontents Common Stock Split On March 21, 2025, the Company completed a 3-for-2 split of its common stock, effected as a stock dividend entitling each shareholder of record to receive one additional share of common stock for every two shares owned. Additional shares issued as a result of the stock dividend were distributed after close of trading on March 21, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 11, 2025. Cash was distributed in lieu of fractional shares based on the opening price of a share of common stock on March 12, 2025. All share and per share amounts contained herein have been retroactively adjusted for this stock split. Accounting Standards Adopted In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires entities to enhance disclosures regarding segments, including significant segment expenses. The Company adopted ASU No. 2023-07 for its annual reporting for fiscal 2025 and updated its disclosures to conform to the new segment disclosure requirement, and applied the updated disclosure requirements retrospectively to all periods presented. See Note 22 for more information. Note 2 – Earnings per Share The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) using the two-class method which requires all outstanding unvested share-based payment awards that contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends and therefore participate in undistributed earnings with common stockholders be included in computing earnings per share. Under the two-class method, net income is reduced by the amount of dividends declared in the period for each class of common stock and participating security. The remaining undistributed earnings are then allocated to common stock and participating securities, based on their respective rights to receive dividends. Restricted stock awards granted to certain employees and directors contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends at the same rate as common stock, and are considered participating securities. Basic EPS has been computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. The following is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented below. Fiscal Year Ended September 30, (in millions, except share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Numerator: Net income $ 305.9 $ 260.8 $ 238.5 Less: Allocation to participating securities ( 10.4 ) ( 9.1 ) ( 8.1 ) Net income allocated to common stockholders $ 295.5 $ 251.7 $ 230.4 Denominator: Weighted average number of: Common shares outstanding 47,431,675 45,808,855 44,904,000 Dilutive potential common shares outstanding: Share-based awards 2,692,827 1,628,688 1,489,516 Diluted shares outstanding 50,124,502 47,437,543 46,393,516 Earnings per share - basic $ 6.22 $ 5.49 $ 5.14 Earnings per share - diluted $ 5.89 $ 5.31 $ 4.97 The dilutive effect of share-based awards is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method, which includes consideration of unamortized share-based compensation expense. Options to purchase 712,280 , 2,348,682 and 557,485 shares of common stock for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they would have been anti-dilutive. Note 3 – Assets and Liabilities, at Fair Value Fair value is defined by U.S. GAAP as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants on the measurement date. Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Even when market assumptions are not readily available, the Company is required to develop a set of assumptions that reflect those that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability at the measurement date. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including periods of market dislocation. In periods of market 91 Table of C ontents dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many securities. This condition could cause a security to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair value hierarchy. The Company has designed independent price verification controls to mitigate risks related to the reasonableness of such prices. Financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). A market is active if there are sufficient transactions on an ongoing basis to provide current pricing information for the asset or liability, pricing information is released publicly, and price quotations do not vary substantially either over time or among market participants. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Relevant guidance requires the Company to consider counterparty credit risk of all parties to outstanding derivative instruments that would be considered by a market participant in the transfer or settlement of such contracts (exit price). The Company’s exposure to credit risk on derivative financial instruments relates to the portfolio of OTC derivative contracts as all exchange-traded contracts held can be settled on an active market with a credit guarantee from the respective exchange. The Company requires each counterparty to deposit margin collateral for all OTC instruments and is also required to deposit margin collateral with counterparties. The Company has assessed the nature of these deposits and used its discretion to adjust each based on the underlying credit considerations for the counterparty and determined that the collateral deposits minimize the exposure to counterparty credit risk in the evaluation of the fair value of OTC instruments as determined by a market participant. In accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, the Company groups its assets and liabilities measured at fair value in three levels based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These levels are: Level 1 - Valuation is based upon unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. Level 1 consists of financial assets and liabilities whose fair values are estimated using quoted market prices. Level 2 - Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are less active, that is, markets in which there are few transactions for the asset or liability that are observable for substantially the full term. Included in Level 2 are those financial assets and liabilities for which fair values are estimated using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various observable inputs, including time value, yield curve, volatility factors, observable current market and contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Level 3 - Valuation is based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market activity). Level 3 comprises financial assets and liabilities whose fair value is estimated based on internally developed models or methodologies utilizing significant inputs that are not readily observable from objective sources. Level 3 includes contingent liabilities that have been valued using an income approach based upon management developed discounted cash flow projections, which are an unobservable input. Fair value of financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value on a recurring basis Cash and cash equivalents reported at fair value on a recurring basis includes certificates of deposit and money market mutual funds, which are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value. Cash, securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations reported at fair value on a recurring basis include the value of pledged investments, primarily U.S. Treasury obligations and commodities warehouse receipts. Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties and payable to clients and broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties includes the fair value of pledged investments, primarily U.S. Treasury obligations and foreign government obligations. These balances also include the fair value of exchange-traded options on futures and OTC forwards, swaps, and options. Financial instruments owned and sold, not yet purchased include the fair value of equity securities, which includes common, preferred, and foreign ordinary shares, American Depository Receipts (“ADRs”), Global Depository Receipts (“GDRs”), and exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”), corporate and municipal bonds, U.S. Treasury obligations, U.S. government agency obligations, foreign government obligations, agency mortgage-backed obligations, asset-backed obligations, derivative financial instruments, commodities warehouse receipts, exchange firm common stock, and investments in managed funds. The fair value of exchange firm common stock is determined by quoted market prices. 92 Table of C ontents Cash equivalents, debt and equity securities, commodities warehouse receipts, physical commodities inventory, derivative financial instruments and contingent liabilities are carried at fair value, on a recurring basis, and are classified and disclosed into three levels in the fair value hierarchy. The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the Company to measure classes of financial instruments at fair value and specifies the level within the fair value hierarchy where various financial instruments are classified. The Company uses quoted prices in active markets, where available, and classifies instruments with such quotes within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Examples include U.S. Treasury obligations, foreign government obligations, commodities warehouse receipts, certain equity securities traded in active markets, physical precious metals inventory held by a regulated broker-dealer subsidiary, exchange firm common stock, investments in managed funds, as well as options on futures contracts traded on national exchanges. The fair value of exchange firm common stock is determined by recent sale transactions and is included within Level 1. When instruments are traded in secondary markets and observable prices are not available for substantially the full term, the Company generally relies on internal valuation techniques based upon observable inputs for comparable financial instruments, or prices obtained from third-party pricing services or brokers or a combination thereof, and accordingly, classified these instruments as Level 2. Examples include corporate and municipal bonds, U.S. government agency obligations, agency-mortgage backed obligations, asset-backed obligations, certain equity securities traded in less active markets, and OTC derivative contracts, which include purchase and sale commitments related to the Company’s foreign exchange, agricultural, and energy commodities. Certain derivatives without a quoted price in an active market and derivatives executed OTC are valued using internal valuation techniques, including pricing models which utilize significant inputs observable to market participants. The valuation techniques and inputs depend on the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instrument. The key inputs depend upon the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instrument and include interest yield curves, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, volatilities and correlation. These derivative instruments are included within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Physical commodities inventory includes precious metals that are a part of the trading activities of a regulated broker-dealer subsidiary and is recorded at fair value using exchange-quoted prices. Physical commodities inventory also includes agricultural commodities that are a part of the trading activities of a non-broker dealer subsidiary and are recorded at net realizable value using exchange-quoted prices. The fair value of precious metals physical commodities inventory is based upon unadjusted exchange-quoted prices and is, therefore, classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of agricultural physical commodities inventory and the related OTC firm sale and purchase commitments are generally based upon exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for basis or differences in local markets, broker or dealer quotations or market transactions in either listed or OTC markets. Exchange-quoted prices are adjusted for location and quality because the exchange-quoted prices for agricultural and energy related products represent contracts that have standardized terms for commodity, quantity, future delivery period, delivery location, and commodity quality or grade. The basis or local market adjustments are observable inputs or have an insignificant impact on the measurement of fair value and, therefore, the agricultural physical commodities inventory as well as the related OTC forward firm sale and purchase commitments have been included within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. With the exception of certain derivative instruments where the valuation approach is disclosed above, financial instruments owned and sold are primarily valued using third-party pricing sources. Third-party pricing vendors compile prices from various sources and often apply matrix pricing for similar securities when market-observable transactions for the instruments are not observable for substantially the full term. The Company reviews the pricing methodologies used by third-party pricing vendors in order to evaluate the fair value hierarchy classification of vendor-priced financial instruments and the accuracy of vendor pricing, which typically involves comparing of primary vendor prices to internal trader prices or secondary vendor prices. When evaluating the propriety of vendor-priced financial instruments using secondary prices, considerations include the range and quality of vendor prices, level of observable transactions for identical and similar instruments, and judgments based upon knowledge of a particular market and asset class. If the primary vendor price does not represent fair value, justification for using a secondary price, including source data used to make the determination, is subject to review and approval by authorized personnel prior to using a secondary price. Financial instruments owned and sold that are valued using third party pricing sources are included within either Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of the inputs used and the level of activity in the market. The fair value estimates presented herein are based on pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these consolidated financial statements since that date and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 93 Table of C ontents The following tables set forth the Company’s financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value, on a recurring basis, as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 by level in the fair value hierarchy. All fair value measurements were performed on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. September 30, 2025 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Netting  (1) Total Assets: Certificates of deposit $ 10.3 $ — $ — $ — $ 10.3 Money market mutual funds and other 94.8 — — — 94.8 Cash and cash equivalents 105.1 — — — 105.1 Commodities warehouse receipts 145.4 — — — 145.4 U.S. government agency obligations — 110.7 — — 110.7 U.S. Treasury obligations 693.9 — — — 693.9 Securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations 839.3 110.7 — — 950.0 U.S. Treasury obligations 5,210.9 — — — 5,210.9 U.S. government agency obligations — 1,103.1 — — 1,103.1 To be announced ("TBA") and forward settling securities — 34.9 — ( 30.1 ) 4.8 Foreign government obligations 21.2 — — — 21.2 Derivatives 3,208.2 3,508.7 — ( 6,614.0 ) 102.9 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties, net 8,440.3 4,646.7 — ( 6,644.1 ) 6,442.9 Receivable from clients, net - Derivatives 61.2 506.5 ( 509.6 ) 58.1 Equity securities 556.0 6.7 — — 562.7 Corporate and municipal bonds — 485.7 — — 485.7 U.S. Treasury obligations 678.8 — — — 678.8 U.S. government agency obligations — 701.9 — — 701.9 Foreign government obligations — 4.1 — — 4.1 Agency mortgage-backed obligations — 5,378.9 — — 5,378.9 Asset-backed obligations — 373.4 — — 373.4 Derivatives — 658.4 — ( 468.0 ) 190.4 Commodities warehouse receipts 144.6 — — — 144.6 Exchange firm common stock 47.0 — — — 47.0 Cash flow hedges — 9.5 — — 9.5 Mutual funds and other 25.1 — 2.3 — 27.4 Financial instruments owned 1,451.5 7,618.6 2.3 ( 468.0 ) 8,604.4 Physical commodities inventory 221.8 249.3 — — 471.1 Total assets at fair value $ 11,119.2 $ 13,131.8 $ 2.3 $ ( 7,621.7 ) $ 16,631.6 Liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities - contingent liabilities $ — $ — $ 32.3 $ — $ 32.3 Payables to clients - Derivatives 3,113.1 904.1 — ( 3,486.5 ) 530.7 To be announced and forward settling securities — 76.0 — ( 26.1 ) 49.9 Derivatives 197.5 3,481.1 — ( 3,690.1 ) ( 11.5 ) Payable to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties 197.5 3,557.1 — ( 3,716.2 ) 38.4 Equity securities 367.3 4.4 — — 371.7 Corporate and municipal bonds — 264.1 — — 264.1 U.S. Treasury obligations 1,983.2 — — — 1,983.2 U.S. government agency obligations — 1.3 — — 1.3 Agency mortgage-backed obligations — 1.1 — — 1.1 Derivatives 6.3 682.6 — ( 391.6 ) 297.3 Cash flow hedges — 1.0 — — 1.0 Other — — 0.1 — 0.1 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased 2,356.8 954.5 0.1 ( 391.6 ) 2,919.8 Total liabilities at fair value $ 5,667.4 $ 5,415.7 $ 32.4 $ ( 7,594.3 ) $ 3,521.2 (1) Represents cash collateral and the impact of netting across the levels of the fair value hierarchy. Netting among positions classified within the same level are included in that level. 94 Table of C ontents September 30, 2024 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Netting  (1) Total Assets: Certificates of deposit $ 13.9 $ — $ — $ — $ 13.9 Money market mutual funds 35.3 — — — 35.3 Cash and cash equivalents 49.2 — — — 49.2 Commodities warehouse receipts 51.8 — — — 51.8 Securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations 51.8 — — — 51.8 U.S. Treasury obligations 2,933.2 — — — 2,933.2 To be announced and forward settling securities — 26.1 — ( 18.3 ) 7.8 Foreign government obligations 18.3 — — — 18.3 Derivatives 3,900.1 2,168.2 — ( 5,740.1 ) 328.2 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties, net 6,851.6 2,194.3 — ( 5,758.4 ) 3,287.5 Receivable from clients, net - Derivatives 22.4 506.2 — ( 537.0 ) ( 8.4 ) Equity securities 363.9 15.0 — — 378.9 Corporate and municipal bonds — 322.1 — — 322.1 U.S. Treasury obligations 1,088.6 — — — 1,088.6 U.S. government agency obligations — 531.0 — — 531.0 Foreign government obligations 41.4 — — — 41.4 Agency mortgage-backed obligations — 3,837.2 — — 3,837.2 Asset-backed obligations — 223.5 — — 223.5 Derivatives 0.1 603.2 — ( 375.2 ) 228.1 Commodities warehouse receipts 67.8 — — — 67.8 Exchange firm common stock 13.2 — — — 13.2 Cash flow hedges — 9.6 — — 9.6 Mutual funds and other 23.6 — 2.1 — 25.7 Financial instruments owned 1,598.6 5,541.6 2.1 ( 375.2 ) 6,767.1 Physical commodities inventory 207.6 169.0 — — 376.6 Total assets at fair value $ 8,781.2 $ 8,411.1 $ 2.1 $ ( 6,670.6 ) $ 10,523.8 Liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities - contingent liabilities $ — $ — $ 2.3 $ — $ 2.3 Payables to clients - Derivatives 3,577.1 228.9 — ( 3,540.1 ) 265.9 TBA and forward settling securities — 24.4 — ( 22.9 ) 1.5 Derivatives 378.0 2,356.4 — ( 2,737.3 ) ( 2.9 ) Payable to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties 378.0 2,380.8 — ( 2,760.2 ) ( 1.4 ) Equity securities 219.8 5.0 — — 224.8 Foreign government obligations 41.0 — — — 41.0 Corporate and municipal bonds — 154.6 — — 154.6 U.S. Treasury obligations 2,139.3 — — — 2,139.3 U.S. government agency obligations — 0.2 — — 0.2 Agency mortgage-backed obligations — 23.6 — — 23.6 Asset-backed obligations — 3.9 — — 3.9 Derivatives 8.1 571.0 — ( 314.3 ) 264.8 Cash flow hedges — 0.2 — — 0.2 Other — — 0.9 — 0.9 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased 2,408.2 758.5 0.9 ( 314.3 ) 2,853.3 Total liabilities at fair value $ 6,363.3 $ 3,368.2 $ 3.2 $ ( 6,614.6 ) $ 3,120.1 (1) Represents cash collateral and the impact of netting across the levels of the fair value hierarchy. Netting among positions classified within the same level are included in that level. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are included in Principal gains, net , Interest income , and Cost of sales of physical commodities in the Consolidated Income Statements. The fair value of an exchange-traded options on futures contract is equal to the unrealized gain or loss on the contract determined by marking the contract to the current settlement price for a like contract on the valuation date of the contract. A 95 Table of C ontents settlement price may not be used if the market makes a limit move with respect to a particular options on futures contract or if the contract’s underlying experiences significant price fluctuations after the determination of the settlement price. When a settlement price cannot be used, options on futures contracts will be valued at their fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to procedures adopted by management of the Company. Information on Level 3 Financial Liabilities The acquisition of The Benchmark Company, LLC (“Benchmark”), as further discussed in Note 20, included a contingent earn-out. Pursuant to the consideration agreement, the Company is required to make additional future cash payments. The balance of the earn-out was $ 26.5 million at September 30, 2025 and is included in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of Right Corporation (“Right”), as further discussed in Note 20, included a contingent earn-out. Pursuant to the consideration agreement, the Company is required to make additional future cash payments based on a percentage of pre-tax earnings. The balance of the earn-out was $ 2.6 million at September 30, 2025 and is included in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of JBR Recovery Limited (“JBR”) as further discussed in Note 20, in cluded a contingent earn-out. Pursuant to the consideration agreement, the Company is required to make additional future cash payments. The balance of the earn-out was $ 1.5 million at September 30, 2025 and is included in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of CDI-Societe Cotonniere De Distribution S.A, as further discussed in Note 20, included a put and call option feature that will be settled in a future period. The future value of these options, which are an asset and liability respectively, is dependent upon certain financial metrics. The preceding table contains the current values in Level 3, at $ 2.3 million and $ 0.1 million, within Financial instruments owned and Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased , respectively. The acquisition of Trust Advisory Group, Ltd., as further discussed in Note 20, included a contingent earn-out. Pursuant to the consideration agreement, the Company is required to make an additional future cash payment based on a ratio of the business line’s net revenue. The balance of the earn-out was $ 1.7 million at September 30, 2025 and is included in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional Disclosures about the Fair Value of Financial Instruments that are not carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at Fair Value Many, but not all, of the financial instruments that the Company holds are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following represents financial instruments for which the ending balance at September 30, 2025 and 2024 were not carried at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with U.S. GAAP: Short-term financial instruments: The carrying value of short-term financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, cash segregated under federal and other regulations, securities purchased under agreements to re-sell and securities sold under agreements to re-purchase, and securities borrowed and loaned are recorded at amounts that approximate the fair value of these instruments due to their short-term nature and level of collateralization. These financial instruments generally expose the Company to limited credit risk and have no stated maturities or have short-term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate market rates. Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents and cash segregated under federal and other regulations are classified as Level 1. Securities purchased under agreements to re-sell and securities sold under agreements to re-purchase, and securities borrowed and loaned are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy as they are generally overnight, or short-term in nature, and are collateralized by common stock, U.S. Treasury obligations, U.S. government agency obligations, agency mortgage-backed obligations, and asset-backed obligations. Receivables and other assets: Receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, receivables from clients, net, notes receivables and certain other assets are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. Payables: Payables to clients and payables to brokers-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. They are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. Lenders under loans : Payables to lenders under loans carry variable rates of interest and thus approximate fair value and are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. Senior secured borrowings, net : Senior secured borrowings, net includes the Company's 7.875 % Senior Secured Notes due 2031 (the “Notes due 2031”) and the Company’s 6.875 % Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (the “Notes due 2032”), as further described in Note 11 with carrying values of $ 544.1 million and $ 614.9 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2025. The carrying value of the Notes due 2031 and Notes due 2032 represent their principal amounts net of unamortized deferred 96 Table of C ontents financing costs. As of September 30, 2025, the Notes due 2031 and Notes due 2032 had a fair value of $ 578.5 million and $ 643.6 million, respectively. They were classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. Note 4 – Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk and Concentrations of Credit Risk The Company is party to certain financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of its business. The Company has sold financial instruments that it does not currently own and will therefore be obliged to purchase such financial instruments at a future date. The Company has recorded these obligations in the consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2025 at the fair values of the related financial instruments. The Company will incur losses if the fair value of the underlying financial instruments increases subsequent to September 30, 2025. The total Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value of $ 2,919.8 million as of September 30, 2025 includes $ 297.3 million for derivative contracts not designated as hedges, which represented a liability to the Company based on their fair values as of September 30, 2025. Derivatives The Company utilizes derivative products in its trading capacity as a dealer in order to satisfy client needs and mitigate risk. The Company manages risks from both derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments on a consolidated basis. The risks of derivatives should not be viewed in isolation, but in aggregate with the Company’s other trading activities. The Company’s derivative positions are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, Receivables from clients, net; Financial instruments owned , and sold, not yet purchased, at fair value, Payable to clients, and Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties . Listed below are the fair values of the Company’s derivative assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. Assets represent net unrealized gains and liabilities represent net unrealized losses. September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 (in millions) Assets (1) Liabilities (1) Assets (1) Liabilities (1) Derivative contracts not accounted for as hedges: Exchange-traded commodity derivatives $ 2,487.3 $ 2,528.6 $ 1,383.1 $ 1,415.7 OTC commodity derivatives 3,580.7 3,517.4 1,967.9 1,924.3 Exchange-traded foreign exchange derivatives 7.5 7.5 2.0 2.0 OTC foreign exchange derivatives 749.5 1,264.0 975.2 938.2 Exchange-traded interest rate derivatives 361.2 367.4 720.1 728.1 OTC interest rate derivatives 148.3 148.3 207.1 207.1 Exchange-traded equity index derivatives 413.4 413.4 1,817.4 1,817.4 OTC equity and indices derivatives 195.1 138.1 127.4 86.7 TBA and forward settling securities 34.9 76.0 26.1 24.4 Total derivative contracts not accounted for as hedges 7,977.9 8,460.7 7,226.3 7,143.9 Derivative contracts designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps — — — 0.2 Foreign currency forwards 9.5 1.0 9.6 — Total derivative contracts designated as hedging instruments 9.5 1.0 9.6 0.2 Gross fair value of derivative contracts $ 7,987.4 $ 8,461.7 $ 7,235.9 $ 7,144.1 Impact of netting and collateral ( 7,621.7 ) ( 7,594.3 ) ( 6,670.6 ) ( 6,614.6 ) Total fair value included in Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, net $ 107.7 $ 336.0 Total fair value included in Receivable from clients, net $ 58.1 $ ( 8.4 ) Total fair value included in Financial instruments owned, at fair value $ 199.9 $ 237.7 Total fair value included in Payables to clients $ 530.7 $ 265.9 Total fair value included in Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties $ 38.4 $ ( 1.4 ) Fair value included in Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value $ 298.3 $ 265.0 (1) As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company’s derivative contract volume for open positions was approximately 19.2 million and 12.2 million contracts, respectively. 97 Table of C ontents The Company’s derivative contracts are principally held in its Institutional, Commercial, and Self-Directed/Retail segments. The Company provides its Institutional segment clients access to exchanges at which they can carry out their trading strategies. The Company assists its Commercial segment clients in protecting the value of their future production by entering into option or forward agreements with them on an OTC basis. The Company also provides its Commercial segment clients with exchange products, including combinations of buying and selling puts and calls. In its Self-Directed/Retail segment, the Company provides its retail clients with access to spot foreign exchange, precious metals trading, as well as contracts for difference (“CFD”) and spread bets, where permitted.  The Company mitigates its risk by generally offsetting the client’s transaction simultaneously with one of the Company’s trading counterparties or will offset that transaction with a similar but not identical position on the exchange. The risk mitigation of these offsetting trades is not within the documented hedging designation requirements of the Derivatives and Hedging Topic of the ASC. These derivative contracts are traded along with cash transactions because of the integrated nature of the markets for these products. The Company manages the risks associated with derivatives on an aggregate basis along with the risks associated with its proprietary trading and market-making activities in cash instruments as part of its firm-wide risk management policies. In particular, the risks related to derivative positions may be partially offset by inventory, other derivatives, or cash collateral paid or received. Hedging Activities The Company also uses foreign currency derivatives, in the form of forward contracts, to hedge risk related to the variability in exchange rates relative to certain of the Company’s non-USD expenditures. These hedges are designated cash flow hedges, through which the Company mitigates variability in exchange rates by exchanging foreign currency for USD at fixed exchange rates at a pre-determined future date, or several cash flows at several pre-determined future dates. While the forward contracts mitigate exchange rate variability risk, they do introduce credit risk, which is the possibility that the Company’s trading counterparty fails to meet its obligation. The Company minimizes this risk by entering into its forward contracts with highly-rated, multi-national institutions. These hedges will all mature within 2 years from the end of the current period. The Company used interest rate derivatives, in the form of swaps, to hedge risk related to variability in overnight rates. These hedges were designated cash flow hedges, through which the Company mitigated uncertainty in its interest income by converting floating-rate interest income to fixed-rate interest income. The swaps introduced credit risk, which the Company minimized by entering into its swaps with highly-rated, multi-national institutions. In addition to credit risk, there was limited market risk associated with the swap position, because any amounts the Company paid from having exchanged variable interest was funded by the variable interest the Company received on its deposits. During the period ended September 30, 2025, the Company’s interest rate hedges all matured. The fair values of derivative instruments designated for hedging held as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 are as follow: September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 (in millions) Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Fair Value Asset Derivatives Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency forward contracts Financial instruments owned, net $ 9.5 $ 9.6 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments $ 9.5 $ 9.6 Derivative assets, net expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months: Foreign currency forward contracts $ 8.0 $ 9.2 Total expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings $ 8.0 $ 9.2 Liability Derivatives Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased $ — $ 0.2 Foreign currency forward contracts Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased 1.0 — Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments $ 1.0 $ 0.2 Derivative liabilities, net expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months: Interest rate contracts $ — $ 0.2 Total expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings $ — $ 0.2 The notional values of derivative instruments designated for hedging held as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: 98 Table of C ontents September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 (in millions) Notional Value Notional Value Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts $ — $ 500.0 Foreign currency forward contracts: Foreign currency forward contracts to purchase Polish Zloty: Local currency zł 180.0 zł 156.1 USD $ 45.0 $ 37.5 Foreign currency forward contracts to purchase British Pound Sterling: Local currency £ 93.0 £ 72.0 USD $ 120.4 $ 88.8 The Consolidated Income Statement effects of derivative instruments designated for hedging held for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: (in millions) Income Statement Location Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024 Total gain/(loss) reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net into Income: Interest rate contracts Interest income $ ( 0.2 ) $ ( 26.7 ) Foreign currency forward contracts Compensation and benefits 14.1 9.6 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments $ 13.9 $ ( 17.1 ) Amount of gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net into income as a result of a forecasted transaction that is no longer probable of occurring $ — $ — The accumulated other comprehensive income effects of derivative instruments designated for hedging held for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income on Derivatives, net of tax (in millions) Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships: Interest rate contracts $ 0.1 $ 18.5 Foreign currency forward contracts ( 0.7 ) 7.2 Total $ ( 0.6 ) $ 25.7 The following table sets forth the Company’s net gains/(losses) related to derivative financial instruments for the periods indicated, in accordance with the Derivatives and Hedging Topic of the ASC. The net gains/(losses) set forth below are included in Principal gains, net and Cost of sales of physical commodities in the Consolidated Income Statements. Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Commodities $ 360.5 $ 383.8 $ 446.5 Foreign exchange 119.1 124.6 269.2 Interest rate, equities, and indices 104.3 100.2 109.0 TBA and forward settling securities 0.6 ( 135.5 ) 73.0 Net gains from derivative contracts $ 584.5 $ 473.1 $ 897.7 Credit Risk In the normal course of business, the Company purchases and sells financial instruments, commodities and foreign currencies as either a principal or agent on behalf of its clients. If either the client or counterparty fails to perform, the Company may be required to discharge the obligations of the nonperforming party. In such circumstances, the Company may sustain a loss if the fair value of the financial instrument, commodity, or foreign currency is different from the contract value of the transaction. The majority of the Company’s transactions and, consequently, the concentration of its credit exposure are with commodity exchanges, clients, broker-dealers and other financial institutions. These activities primarily involve collateralized and uncollateralized arrangements and may result in credit exposure in the event that a counterparty fails to meet its contractual obligations. The Company’s exposure to credit risk can be directly impacted by volatile financial markets, which may impair 99 Table of C ontents counterparties’ ability to satisfy contractual obligations. The Company seeks to control its credit risk through a variety of reporting and control procedures, including establishing credit and/or position limits based upon a review of the counterparties’ financial condition and credit ratings. The Company monitors collateral levels on a daily basis for compliance with regulatory and internal guidelines and requests changes in collateral levels as appropriate. The Company is a party to financial instruments in the normal course of its business through client and proprietary trading accounts in exchange-traded and OTC derivative instruments. These instruments are primarily the result of the execution of orders for commodity futures, options on futures, OTC swaps and options and spot and forward foreign currency contracts on behalf of its clients, substantially all of which are transacted on a margin basis. Such transactions may expose the Company to significant credit risk in the event that margin requirements are not sufficient to fully cover losses which clients may incur. The Company controls the risks associated with these transactions by requiring clients to maintain margin deposits in compliance with individual exchange regulations and internal guidelines. The Company monitors required margin levels daily and, therefore, may require clients to deposit additional collateral or reduce positions when necessary. The Company also establishes credit limits for clients, which are monitored daily. The Company evaluates each client’s creditworthiness on a case by case basis. Clearing, financing, and settlement activities may require the Company to maintain funds with or pledge securities as collateral with other financial institutions. Generally, these exposures to both clients and exchanges are subject to master netting, or client agreements, which reduce the exposure to the Company by permitting receivables and payables with such clients to be offset in the event of a client default. Management believes that the margin deposits held as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 were adequate to minimize the risk of material loss that could be created by positions held at that time. Additionally, the Company monitors collateral fair value on a daily basis and adjusts collateral levels in the event of excess market exposure. Derivative financial instruments involve varying degrees of off-balance sheet market risk whereby changes in the fair values of underlying financial instruments may result in changes in the fair value of the financial instruments in excess of the amounts reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Exposure to market risk is influenced by a number of factors, including the relationships between the financial instruments and the Company’s positions, as well as the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the financial instruments are traded. The principal risk components of financial instruments include, among other things, interest rate volatility, the duration of the underlying instruments and changes in commodity pricing and foreign exchange rates. The Company attempts to manage its exposure to market risk through various techniques. Aggregate market limits have been established and market risk measures are routinely monitored against these limits. Note 5 – Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, net; receivable from clients, net; and notes receivable, net include allowances for doubtful accounts, which reflect the Company’s best estimates of probable losses inherent in the accounts. In determining expected credit losses and establishing its allowance for doubtful accounts, the Company considers a number of factors including, but not limited to, historical collection experience, current and forecasted economic and business conditions, internal and external credit risk ratings, collateral terms, payment terms and aging of the financial asset, as well as specific-identification in certain circumstances. The Company continually reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts related to deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties and no allowance for doubtful accounts related to notes receivable as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. The allowance for doubtful accounts related to receivables from clients was $ 53.9 million and $ 51.9 million as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was as follows: (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of year $ 51.9 $ 59.9 $ 47.8 Provision (recovery) for bad debts (1) 2.3 ( 2.4 ) 12.5 Allowance charge-offs ( 0.3 ) ( 6.2 ) ( 0.5 ) Other — 0.6 0.1 Balance, end of year $ 53.9 $ 51.9 $ 59.9 (1) An additional $ 0.8 million, $ 3.0 million, and $ 4.0 million is included in bad debt expense for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, on the consolidated income statement, which is not included in the allowance. 100 Table of C ontents Note 6 – Physical Commodities Inventory The Company’s inventories consist of finished physical commodities as shown below. September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 Physical Ag & Energy $ 249.3 $ 169.0 Precious metals - held by broker-dealer subsidiary 221.8 207.6 Precious metals - held by non-broker-dealer subsidiaries (1) 446.4 304.5 Physical commodities inventory, net $ 917.5 $ 681.1 (1) Includes raw materials of $ 4.6 million and work in process of $ 48.6 million as of September 30, 2025 Physical Ag & Energy consists of agricultural commodity inventories, including corn, soybeans, wheat, dried distillers grain, canola, sorghum, coffee, cocoa, cotton, and various energy commodity inventories. Agricultural inventories have reliable, readily determinable and realizable market prices, have relatively insignificant costs of disposal and are available for immediate delivery. The Company records changes to these values in Cost of sales of physical commodities on the Consolidated Income Statements. Note 7 – Property and Equipment, net Property and equipment is stated at cost, and reported net of accumulated depreciation and amortization on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Depreciation on property and equipment is generally calculated using the straight-line method over the relevant asset’s estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment range from 3 to 10 years. During the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, depreciation and amortization related to property and equipment was $ 58.0 million, $ 45.6 million, and $ 36.3 million respectively. The Company capitalized $ 38.3 million and $ 36.1 million of software development costs during the years ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, the Company disposed of $ 6.7 million of property and equipment with a net book value of $ 2.3 million, which became impaired during the year. The Company recognized this amount as a loss on disposal in Gain on acquisitions and other gains, net in the Consolidated Income Statements. In addition, the Company accelerated the amortization of certain software, which had a cost of $ 4.0 million and $ 1.2 million of net book value that was accelerated and recognized as amortization expense in Depreciation and amortization in the Consolidated Income Statements during the year. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of $ 4.8 million of fully depreciated property and equipment assets. A summary of property and equipment, at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 is as follows: September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 Property and equipment: Furniture and fixtures $ 29.9 $ 21.4 Software 45.3 41.5 Equipment 67.3 57.9 Leasehold improvements 68.6 56.7 Capitalized software development 154.3 113.1 Total property and equipment 365.4 290.6 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ( 198.8 ) ( 147.5 ) Property and equipment, net $ 166.6 $ 143.1 101 Table of C ontents Note 8 – Goodwill Goodwill allocated to the Company’s operating segments as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 is as follows: September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 Commercial $ 115.6 $ 35.5 Institutional 167.0 9.8 Self-Directed/Retail 5.7 5.7 Payments 10.0 10.0 Total Goodwill $ 298.3 $ 61.0 During the three months ended September 30, 2025, the Company’s acquisition of RJO triggered a reassessment of the financial information reviewed by management. The Company determined the acquired business activities of RJO were similar to its existing businesses, and the reassessment confirmed the current composition of the Company’s operating segments, except for one change resulting in the combination of all physical trading capabilities in precious metals being reported within the Commercial segment. Previously, the Self-Directed/Retail segment contained a portion of our precious metals activities. This business included $ 2.2 million of goodwill that moved to the Commercial segment. All segment information has been revised to reflect all precious metals business within the Commercial segment retroactive to October 1, 2022. The Company recorded $ 0.7 million and $ 0.3 million in foreign exchange translation decline related to Goodwill for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company recorded additional goodwill during the year ended September 30, 2025 related to the purchase price allocation for the following acquisitions, as further discussed in Note 20 (in millions): Acquisition Reportable Segment Goodwill JBR Commercial $ 4.8 Octo Institutional 2.1 RJO Commercial 75.0 RJO Institutional 99.4 Benchmark Institutional 55.7 Right Commercial 1.0 Total Goodwill Recorded $ 238.0 The Company recorded additional goodwill of $ 2.0 million during the year ended September 30, 2024 within the Self-Directed/Retail reportable segment related to the initial purchase price allocation for the acquisition of TAG, as further discussed in Note 20. Note 9 – Intangible Assets The Company recorded approximately $ 420.9 million of client base assets and $ 6.5 million of trade/domain name and other license assets related to various acquisitions during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, further discussed in Note 20. The Company wrote off $ 16.2 million of fully amortized intangible assets during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. The Company recorded $ 3.6 million of client base assets and wrote off $ 27.8 million of fully amortized intangible assets during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 102 Table of C ontents The gross and net carrying values of intangible assets as of the balance sheet dates, by major intangible asset class are as follows (in millions): September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Amount Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Amount Intangible assets subject to amortization: Trade/domain names and other licenses $ 10.6 $ ( 4.9 ) $ 5.7 $ 4.1 $ ( 3.2 ) $ 0.9 Software programs/platforms 2.4 ( 2.0 ) 0.4 4.9 ( 4.1 ) 0.8 Client base 445.0 ( 19.2 ) 425.8 37.7 ( 25.6 ) 12.1 Total intangible assets subject to amortization 458.0 ( 26.1 ) 431.9 46.7 ( 32.9 ) 13.8 Intangible assets not subject to amortization Website domains 2.3 — 2.3 2.1 — 2.1 Business licenses 3.7 — 3.7 3.7 — 3.7 Total intangible assets not subject to amortization 6.0 — 6.0 5.8 — 5.8 Total intangible assets $ 464.0 $ ( 26.1 ) $ 437.9 $ 52.5 $ ( 32.9 ) $ 19.6 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $ 9.5 million, $ 7.5 million, and $ 14.7 million for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2025, estimated future amortization expense was as follows: (in millions) Fiscal 2026 $ 31.9 Fiscal 2027 28.9 Fiscal 2028 27.8 Fiscal 2029 27.0 Fiscal 2030 and thereafter 316.3 $ 431.9 Note 10 - Leases The Company leases office space under non-cancelable operating leases with third parties as of September 30, 2025. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain office space leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from three to ten years , and some of which include the Company’s option to terminate the leases within two years of the balance sheet date. In determining the term of certain office space leases, the Company has not considered any renewal options in the lease terms of its office space leases as the Company does not believe it is reasonably certain that any of the rights will be exercised. Further, the Company has not included periods after termination date, if the Company holds a termination option and believes it is reasonably certain to exercise. As the office space leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company applies a collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. For office space leases executed by subsidiaries, including foreign subsidiaries, the Company has applied its incremental borrowing rate. The Company believes this is a reasonable approach as its subsidiaries either do not have their own treasury functions or the credit facilities available to its subsidiaries do not permit financing of right-of-use assets. Additionally, in certain instances, the parent company provides a guaranty of the lease payments to the lessor under office space leases executed by its subsidiaries. The Company believes that pricing subsidiary leases is more significantly influenced by the credit standing of the parent company than that of its subsidiaries. Certain office space leases contain variable lease payments related to fair market rent adjustments and local inflation index measures. The Company estimates variable lease payments based upon information available at lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company has elected to not separate lease components from nonlease components for all office space leases. The Company does not have any financing leases as of September 30, 2025. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is reported within Occupancy and equipment rental on the Consolidated Income Statements. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded operating lease right-of-use assets of $ 161.9 million and $ 157.0 million, respectively, and operating lease liabilities of $ 211.7 million and $ 195.9 million, respectively. 103 Table of C ontents The following table presents operating lease costs and other related information as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 (in millions, except as stated): Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Operating lease costs (1)(2) $ 47.2 $ 42.9 Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities $ 30.4 $ 25.8 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities $ 26.9 $ 56.4 Lease term and discount rate information: Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 8.0 8.6 Weighted average discount rate 5.2 % 5.0 % (1) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. (2) Elements of operating lease costs are included as components of Cost of sales of physical commodities and Occupancy and equipment rental in the Consolidated Income Statements. The maturities of the lease liabilities are as follows as of September 30, 2025 (in millions): 2026 $ 34.5 2027 35.7 2028 36.1 2029 30.4 2030 26.3 After 2030 95.8 Total lease payments 258.8 Less: interest 47.1 Present value of lease liabilities $ 211.7 Note 11 – Credit Facilities Committed Credit Facilities The Company and its subsidiaries have committed credit facilities under which they may borrow up to $ 1,705.0 million, subject to the terms and conditions for these facilities. The amounts outstanding under these credit facilities carry variable rates of interest, thus approximating fair value. The committed credit facilities have covenant requirements that generally relate to various leverage, debt to net worth, fixed charge, tangible net worth, excess net capital, or profitability measures, as agreed for each. The Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all relevant covenants as of September 30, 2025. Uncommitted Credit Facilities The Company has access to certain uncommitted financing agreements that support its ordinary course securities and commodities business activities. The agreements are subject to certain borrowing terms and conditions. Subordinated Credit Facility The Company’s subsidiary, R.J. O’Brien & Associates, LLC, has a subordinated credit facility which allows it to borrow up to $ 180.0 million. As of September 30, 2025, the outstanding tranches of borrowings mature at various dates through July 14, 2026. The facility matures in April 2027, at which point no further draws can be made. The subordinated credit facility complies with the applicable regulatory requirements, and the borrowings are available for computing net capital under the CFTC’s net capital rule for R.J. O’Brien & Associates, LLC. Notes Payable to Bank The Company has a note payable to bank related to financing certain equipment which secures the note. 104 Table of C ontents Senior Secured Notes On March 1, 2024, the Company issued $ 550 million in aggregate principal amount of its 7.875 % Notes due 2031 at the offering price of 100 % of the aggregate principal amount. The Notes due 2031 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured second lien basis by each of the Company’s existing and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under the Company’s senior secured revolving credit facility and certain other senior indebtedness. Interest related to these notes is payable twice annually, in arrears. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $ 7.6 million, which are being amortized over the term of the Notes due 2031 under the effective interest method. On June 17, 2024 , the Company used part of the proceeds from its Notes due 2031 to extinguish its 8.625 % Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the “Notes due 2025”) when $ 363.0 million that the Company had previously deposited into an irrevocable trust as part of an in-substance defeasance was remitted to the note holders to redeem the notes and pay interest due up to that date. In accordance with ASC 470-50 “Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments”, the transactions noted above were determined to be an extinguishment of the Notes due 2025 and an issuance of new debt. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt in the amount of $ 3.7 million included in Interest expense on corporate funding on the Consolidated Income Statements for the year ended September 30, 2024, of which $ 2.4 million represented the write off of deferred financing costs and $ 1.3 million represented the write off of original issue discount. On July 8, 2025, the Company issued $ 625 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.875 % Notes due 2032, in connection with the acquisition of R.J. O’Brien, at the offering price of 100 % of the aggregate principal amount. The Notes due 2032 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured second lien basis by each of the Company’s existing and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under the Company’s senior secured revolving credit facility and certain other senior indebtedness. Interest related to these notes is payable twice annually, in arrears. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $ 10.5 million, which are being amortized over the term of the Notes due 2032 under the effective interest method. The following table sets forth a listing of credit facilities, the current committed amounts as of the report date on the facilities, and outstanding (in millions, except for percentages): Amounts Outstanding Borrower Security Renewal or Expiration Date Interest Rate at September 30, 2025 Total Commitment September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Committed Credit Facilities Senior StoneX Group Inc. Committed Credit Facility (1) June 3, 2028 Base rate - 8.25 % SOFR - 6.23 % 650.0 317.0 (5) 161.0 StoneX Financial Inc. None October 27, 2026 9.25 % 325.0 (9) — (5) — R.J. O’Brien & Associates, LLC subordinated None April 30, 2027 8.36 % 180.0 110.8 (5) — R.J. O’Brien Limited None January 23, 2026 7.25 % 20.0 — (5) — StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC Certain assets July 29, 2026 Base rate - 8.5 % SOFR - 6.64 % 325.0 104.0 (5) 66.0 Right Company LLC Certain assets October 1, 2026 6.50 % 15.0 (8) — (5) — StoneX Financial Ltd None October 6, 2026 6.75 % 175.0 (7) 90.0 (5) — StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. None September 4, 2026 6.74 % 15.0 (6) — (5) — $ 1,705.0 $ 621.8 $ 227.0 Uncommitted Credit Facilities Various Various Various 153.9 (5) 104.9 Notes payable to bank Certain equipment December 1, 2025 Index rate plus 2.35 % 6.3 (5) 6.9 Senior Secured Notes due 2031 (2) March 1, 2031 7.875 % 544.1 (3) 543.1 Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (2) July 15, 2032 6.875 % 614.9 (4) — Total outstanding borrowings $ 1,941.0 $ 881.9 (1) The StoneX Group Inc. senior committed credit facility is a revolving facility secured by substantially all of the assets of StoneX Group Inc. and certain subsidiaries identified in the credit facility agreement as obligors, and pledged equity of certain subsidiaries identified in the credit facility as limited guarantors. (2) The Notes and the related guarantees are secured by liens on substantially all of the Company’s and the guarantors’ assets, subject to certain customary and other exceptions and permitted liens. The liens on the assets that secure the Notes and the related guarantees are contractually subordinated to the liens on the assets that secure the Company’s and the guarantors’ existing and future first lien secured indebtedness, including indebtedness under the Company’s senior committed credit facility. 105 Table of C ontents (3) Included in Senior secured borrowings, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts outstanding under the Notes due 2031 are reported net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $ 5.9 million. (4) Included in Senior secured borrowings, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . Amounts outstanding under the Notes due 2032 are reported net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $ 10.1 million . (5) Included in Lenders under loans on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (6) The facility was amended on October 2, 2025 to extend the maturity date to September 4, 2026. (7) The facility was amended on October 6, 2025 to extend the maturity date to October 6, 2026, and to increase the amount available from $ 115.0 million to $ 175.0 million. (8) The facility was entered into on October 10, 2025, establishing a $ 15.0 million commitment with a maturity date of October 1, 2026. (9) The facility was amended on October 28, 2025 to extend the maturity date to October 27, 2026 , and to increase the amount available from $ 250.0 million to $ 325.0 million. As reflected above, certain of the Company’s committed credit facilities are scheduled to expire during the upcoming fiscal year. The Company intends to renew or replace all of its facilities as they expire over time, and based on the Company’s liquidity position and capital structure, the Company believes it will be able to do so. Note 12 – Securities and Commodity Financing Transactions The Company’s repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending arrangements are generally recorded at cost in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, which is a reasonable approximation of their fair values due to their short-term nature. Secured borrowing and lending arrangements are entered into to obtain collateral necessary to effect settlement, finance inventory positions, meet customer needs or re-lend as part of our dealer operations. The fair value of securities loaned and borrowed is monitored daily compared with the related payable or receivable, and additional collateral or returning excess collateral is requested, as appropriate. These arrangements may serve to limit credit risk resulting from our transactions with our counterparties. Financial instruments are pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements and other secured arrangements, including clearing arrangements. Agreements with counterparties generally contain contractual provisions allowing counterparties the right to sell or repledge collateral. Either the Company or its counterparties may require additional collateral. All collateral is held by the Company or a custodian. The following tables set forth the carrying value of repurchase agreements, and securities lending agreements by remaining contractual maturity (in millions): September 30, 2025 Overnight and Open Less than 30 Days 30-90 Days Over 90 Days Total Securities sold under agreements to repurchase $ 26,173.4 $ 3,128.5 $ 180.4 $ 41.4 $ 29,523.7 Securities loaned 2,550.8 — — — 2,550.8 Gross amount of secured financing $ 28,724.2 $ 3,128.5 $ 180.4 $ 41.4 $ 32,074.5 September 30, 2024 Overnight and Open Less than 30 Days 30-90 Days Over 90 Days Total Securities sold under agreements to repurchase $ 15,260.8 $ 585.4 $ 631.0 $ 50.7 $ 16,527.9 Securities loaned 1,615.9 — — — 1,615.9 Gross amount of secured financing $ 16,876.7 $ 585.4 $ 631.0 $ 50.7 $ 18,143.8 106 Table of C ontents Offsetting of Collateralized Transactions The following table sets forth the carrying value of repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements by class of collateral pledged (in millions): September 30, Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 2025 2024 U.S. Treasury obligations $ 19,311.9 $ 9,673.7 U.S. government agency obligations and municipal bonds 804.3 652.0 Asset-backed obligations 55.0 136.1 Agency mortgage-backed obligations 7,521.4 5,079.6 Foreign government obligations 881.4 649.6 Corporate bonds 949.7 336.9 Total securities sold under agreement to repurchase $ 29,523.7 $ 16,527.9 Securities loaned Equity securities $ 2,550.8 $ 1,615.9 Total securities loaned 2,550.8 1,615.9 Gross amount of secured financing $ 32,074.5 $ 18,143.8 The following tables provide the netting of securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned as of the periods indicated (in millions): September 30, 2025 Offsetting of collateralized transactions: Gross Amounts Recognized Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Securities purchased under agreements to resell $ 26,298.1 $ ( 15,972.7 ) $ 10,325.4 Securities borrowed $ 2,743.1 $ — $ 2,743.1 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase $ 29,523.7 $ ( 15,972.7 ) $ 13,551.0 Securities loaned $ 2,550.8 $ — $ 2,550.8 September 30, 2024 Offsetting of collateralized transactions: Gross Amounts Recognized Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Securities purchased under agreements to resell $ 13,148.1 $ ( 7,946.6 ) $ 5,201.5 Securities borrowed $ 1,662.3 $ — $ 1,662.3 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase $ 16,527.9 $ ( 7,946.6 ) $ 8,581.3 Securities loaned $ 1,615.9 $ — $ 1,615.9 The Company pledges securities owned as collateral in both tri-party and bilateral arrangements. Pledged securities under tri-party arrangements may not be repledged or sold by the Company’s counterparties, whereas bilaterally pledged securities may be. The approximate fair value of pledged securities that can be sold or repledged by the Company’s counterparties has been parenthetically disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company receives securities as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowed agreements, and margin securities held on behalf of counterparties. This collateral is used by the Company to cover financial instruments sold, not yet purchased; to obtain financing in the form of repurchase agreements; and to meet counterparties’ needs under lending arrangement and matched-booked trading strategies. Additional securities collateral is obtained as necessary to ensure such transactions are adequately collateralized. In many instances, the Company is permitted by contract to repledge the securities received as collateral, which may include pledges to cover collateral requirements for tri-party repurchase agreements. 107 Table of C ontents The following table sets forth the fair value, which approximates carrying value because of the short term nature, of collateral pledged, received and repledged (in millions): September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Securities pledged or repledged to cover collateral requirements for tri-party arrangements $ 9,757.7 $ 6,777.9 Securities received as collateral that may be repledged $ 32,452.0 $ 20,126.8 Securities received as collateral that are subject to segregation rules $ 1,739.3 $ — Securities received as collateral that may be repledged covering securities sold short $ 1,965.1 $ 2,408.3 Repledged securities borrowed and client securities held under custodial clearing arrangements to collateralize securities loaned agreements $ 2,491.4 $ 1,533.3 Note 13 – Commitments and Contingencies Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal and regulatory proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company’s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal or regulatory proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company’s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Neither accrual nor disclosure is required for loss contingencies that are deemed remote. The Company accrues legal fees related to contingent liabilities as they are incurred. Legal Proceedings From time to time and in the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in various legal actions and proceedings, including tort claims, contractual disputes, employment matters and workers’ compensation claims. The Company carries insurance that provides protection against certain types of claims, up to the limits of the respective policy. Additionally, the Company is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by U.S. federal and international governmental agencies and various self-regulatory organizations. The Company and its advisors periodically engage with such regulatory agencies and organizations, in the context of examinations or otherwise, to respond to inquiries, informational requests, and investigations. From time to time, such engagements result in regulatory complaints or other matters, the resolution of which can include fines and other remediation. In November 2023, BTIG filed a civil complaint (the “BTIG complaint”) against the Company and StoneX Financial Inc. in San Francisco Superior Court (CGC-23-610525) seeking monetary damages and injunctive relief for, among other things, alleged theft of purported trade secrets by former BTIG employees later employed at StoneX. The proceedings have moved to FINRA Arbitration and the court action is stayed. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself. The Company received from the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) and the SEC subpoenas that the Company believes are related to conduct alleged in the BTIG complaint, and the Company is cooperating with these agencies. The ultimate outcomes of the BTIG complaint and the DOJ and SEC subpoenas cannot presently be determined. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, the Consolidated Balance Sheets include loss contingency accruals, recorded during and prior to these years then ended, which are not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company’s financial position or liquidity. Management does not currently believe exposure from loss contingencies in excess of the amounts accrued, and in addition to the possible losses discussed below, to be material to the Company’s earnings, financial position or liquidity. Contingencies The Company had receivables, net of collections and other allowable deductions, of $ 9.2 million as of September 30, 2025, due from account holders in connection with the liquidation of their accounts in accordance with StoneX Financial Inc.’s client agreements and obligations under market regulation standards after the balances in the accounts fell below required maintenance margin levels and into deficit balances. The allowance against these uncollected balances was $ 3.3 million as of September 30, 2025. The Company is pursuing collection of the outstanding balances through arbitration proceedings against the account holders. The Company will consider developments in these proceedings, and any other relevant matters, in determining whether any changes in the allowance against the uncollected balances are required. In these and other arbitration proceedings, clients are seeking damages from StoneX Financial Inc. relating to the trading losses in their accounts. 108 Table of C ontents During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, the Company favorably resolved several of these arbitration claims through arbitration decisions and privately negotiated settlements. All of the arbitration panels that issued decisions during the year awarded StoneX Financial Inc. the full amount of the uncollected balances. As noted, several of the arbitrations were resolved through privately negotiated settlement, pursuant to which the account holders agreed to pay some or all of their outstanding deficit balances. The Company intends to continue vigorously pursuing claims through arbitration and settling cases in what the Company determines to be appropriate circumstances. The ultimate outcome of remaining arbitrations cannot presently be determined. Depending on future collections and the outcomes of arbitration proceedings, any provisions for bad debts and actual losses may or may not be material to the Company’s financial results. However, the Company believes that the likelihood of a material adverse outcome is remote, and does not currently believe that any potential losses related to this matter would impact its ability to comply with its ongoing liquidity, capital, and regulatory requirements. Contractual Commitments Purchase Commitments The Company determines an estimate of contractual purchase commitments in the ordinary course of business primarily for the purchase of precious metals and agricultural and energy commodities. Unpriced contract commitments have been estimated using September 30, 2025 fair values. Purchase commitments and other obligations as of September 30, 2025 for less than one year, one to three years, three to five years, and after five years were $ 150,309.5 million, $ 651.0 million, $ 102.3 million, and $ 1,280.9 million respectively. The purchase commitments for less than one year will be offset by corresponding sales commitments of $ 147,941.2 million. Acquisition Consideration As part of certain of its acquisitions, the Company has contingent liabilities or amounts already determined to be paid at a future date. These are discussed in detail in Note 20. Exchange Member Guaranties The Company is a member of various exchanges that trade and clear futures and option contracts. The Company is also a member of and provides guaranties to securities clearinghouses and exchanges in connection with client trading activities. Associated with its memberships, the Company may be required to pay a proportionate share of the financial obligations of another member who may default on its obligations to the exchanges. While the rules governing different exchange memberships vary, in general the Company’s guaranty obligations would arise only if the exchange had previously exhausted its resources. In addition, any such guaranty obligation would be apportioned among the other non-defaulting members of the exchange. Any potential contingent liability under these arrangements is not quantifiable and could exceed the cash and securities posted to the clearinghouse as collateral. The Company has not recorded any contingent liability in the consolidated financial statements for these agreements and believes that any potential requirement to make payments under these agreements is remote. Self-Insurance The Company self-insures its medical and dental claims costs up to a stop loss amount, for eligible participating employees and retirees, and for qualified dependents, subject to deductibles and limitations. Liabilities are recognized based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. The Company has purchased stop-loss coverage to limit its exposure on a per claim basis and in aggregate in the event that aggregated actual claims would exceed 120 % of the actuarial estimate. The Company is insured for covered costs in excess of these limits. Although the ultimate outcome of these matters may exceed the amounts recorded and additional losses may be incurred, the Company does not believe that any additional potential exposure for such liabilities will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company had $ 2.0 million and $ 2.2 million, respectively, accrued for self-insured medical and dental claims included in Accounts payable and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 109 Table of C ontents Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net includes net actuarial losses from defined benefit pension plans, foreign currency translation adjustments, and cash flow hedge gains or losses. The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023. (in millions) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Pension Benefits Adjustment Cash Flow Hedge Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net Balances as of September 30, 2022 $ ( 34.4 ) $ ( 2.7 ) $ ( 53.5 ) $ ( 90.6 ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 3.2 0.5 35.1 38.8 Balances as of September 30, 2023 $ ( 31.2 ) $ ( 2.2 ) $ ( 18.4 ) $ ( 51.8 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax ( 0.1 ) 1.0 25.7 26.6 Balances as of September 30, 2024 $ ( 31.3 ) $ ( 1.2 ) $ 7.3 $ ( 25.2 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax 9.9 ( 0.1 ) ( 0.6 ) 9.2 Balances as of September 30, 2025 $ ( 21.4 ) $ ( 1.3 ) $ 6.7 $ ( 16.0 ) Note 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Clients The Company’s revenues from contracts with clients subject to  FASB ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“Topic 606”) represent approxim ately 2.3 %, 2.2 %, and 5.7 % of the Company’s total revenues for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Revenues within the scope of Topic 606 are presented within Commission and clearing fees , Consulting, management, and account fees , and Sales of physical commodities , on the Consolidated Income Statements. Revenues that are not within the scope of Topic 606 are presented within Sales of physical commodities , Principal gains, net , and Interest income on the Consolidated Income Statements. 110 Table of C ontents The following table represents a disaggregation of the Company’s total revenues separated between revenues from contracts with clients and other sources of revenue for the periods indicated (in millions): Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Revenues from contracts with clients: Commission and clearing fees: Sales-based: Exchange-traded futures and options $ 341.0 $ 226.1 $ 214.1 OTC derivative brokerage 11.0 11.3 14.5 Equities and fixed income 109.1 65.9 57.8 Mutual funds 3.3 3.1 3.0 Insurance and annuity products 12.2 11.0 9.2 Other 1.5 — 3.4 Total sales-based commission 478.1 317.4 302.0 Trailing: Mutual funds 13.6 12.7 12.4 Insurance and annuity products 15.9 15.2 14.2 Total trailing commission 29.5 27.9 26.6 Clearing fees 207.0 180.2 153.3 Trade conversion fees 10.5 13.1 8.5 Other 3.1 9.4 8.0 Total commission and clearing fees 728.2 548.0 498.4 Consulting, management, and account fees: Underwriting fees 8.6 0.4 0.7 Asset management fees 62.7 50.9 45.1 Advisory and consulting fees 34.3 38.2 35.0 Sweep program fees 44.8 44.4 48.6 Client account fees 36.9 19.8 15.9 Other 18.6 13.5 13.7 Total consulting, management, and account fees 205.9 167.2 159.0 Sales of physical commodities: Precious metals sales under ASC Topic 606 2,133.5 1,500.7 2,836.0 Total revenues from contracts with clients $ 3,067.6 $ 2,215.9 $ 3,493.4 Method of revenue recognition: Point-in-time $ 2,896.3 $ 2,054.5 $ 3,338.1 Time elapsed 171.3 161.4 155.3 Total revenues from contracts with clients 3,067.6 2,215.9 3,493.4 Other sources of revenues Physical precious metals under ASC Topic 815 121,824.0 91,241.1 50,979.5 Physical agricultural and energy products 4,505.1 3,844.4 4,315.7 Principal gains, net 1,247.2 1,189.6 1,079.9 Interest income 1,734.3 1,396.8 987.6 Total revenues $ 132,378.2 $ 99,887.8 $ 60,856.1 The substantial majority of the Company’s performance obligations for revenues from contracts with clients are satisfied at a point in time and are typically collected from clients by debiting client trading accounts with the Company. Commission and clearing fee revenue and consulting, management, and account fees revenue are primarily related to the Commercial, Institutional and Self-Directed/Retail reportable segments. Principal gains, net are contributed by all of the Company’s reportable segments. Interest income is primarily related to the Commercial and Institutional reportable segments. Precious metals trading and agricultural and energy product trading revenues are primarily related to the Commercial reportable segment. Precious metals retail sales revenues are primarily related to the Self-Directed/Retail reportable segment. 111 Table of C ontents Commission and Clearing Fees Commission revenue represents sales and brokerage commissions generated by internal brokers, introducing broker-dealers, or registered investment advisors of introducing-broker dealers for their clients’ trading activity in futures, options on futures, OTC derivatives, fixed income securities, equity securities, mutual funds, and annuities. The Company views the selling, distribution, and marketing, or any combination thereof, of mutual funds and insurance and annuity products to clients on the Company’s registered investment advisor (“RIA”) platform as a single performance obligation to the product sponsors. The Company is the principal for commission revenue, as it is responsible for executing client purchases and sales, and maintaining relationships with product sponsors for trailing commissions. Introducing broker dealers and registered investment advisors assist the Company in performing its obligations. Accordingly, total commission revenues are reported on a gross basis. The Company primarily generates commission revenue on exchange-traded derivatives, OTC derivatives, and securities. Exchange-traded and OTC derivative commissions are recognized at a point in time on the trade date when the client, either directly or through the use of an internal broker or introducing broker, requests the clearance and execution of a trade. Securities commissions are either sale-based commissions that are recognized at a point in time on the trade date or trailing commission that are recognized over time as earned. Sales-based securities commissions are typically a flat fee per security transaction and in certain instances are based on a percentage of the trade date transaction value. Trailing commission revenue is generally based on a percentage of the periodic fair value of clients’ investment holdings in trail-eligible assets, and is recognized over the period during which services, such as on-going support, are performed. As trailing commission revenue is based on the fair value of clients’ investment holdings in trail-eligible assets. This variable consideration is constrained until the fair value of trail-eligible assets is determinable. Clearing fees generally represent transaction based fees charged by the various exchanges and clearing organizations at which the Company or one of its clearing brokers is a member for the privilege of executing and clearing trades through them. Clearing fees are generally passed through to the clients’ accounts and are reported gross as the Company maintains control over the clearing and execution services provided, maintains relationships with the exchanges or clearing brokers, and has ultimate discretion in whether the fees are passed through to the clients and the rates at which they are passed through. As clearing fees are transactional based revenues they are recognized at a point in time on the trade date along with the related commission revenue when the client requests the clearance and execution of a trade. Trade Conversion Fees Trade conversion fees include revenue earned from converting foreign ordinary equities into an American Depository Receipt (“ADR”) or Global Depository Receipt (“GDR”) and fees earned from converting an ADR or GDR into foreign ordinary equities on behalf of clients. Trade conversion revenue is recognized at a point in time on the trade date. Underwriting Fees Revenues from investment banking consists of revenues earned from underwriting fixed income securities, primarily municipal and asset-backed securities, and are recognized in revenues upon completion of the underlying transaction, which is generally the trade date, based upon the terms of the assignment as the performance obligation is to successfully broker a specific transaction. Asset Management Fees The Company earns asset management fees on Company sponsored and managed mutual funds and on the advisory accounts of independent registered investment advisors on the Company’s platform. The Company provides ongoing investment advice and acts as a custodian, providing brokerage and execution services on transactions, and performs administrative services for these accounts. This series of performance obligations transfers control of the services to the client over time as the services are performed. This revenue is recognized ratably over time to match the continued delivery of the performance obligations to the client over the life of the contract. The asset management revenue generated is based on a percentage of the market value of the eligible assets in the clients’ accounts. As such, the consideration for this revenue is variable and this variable consideration is constrained until the market value of eligible assets in the clients’ accounts is determinable. 112 Table of C ontents Advisory and Consulting Fees Advisory and consulting fees are primarily related to risk management consulting fees which are billed and recognized as revenue on a monthly basis when risk management services are provided. Risk management consulting contracts are generally for a minimum term of six months and then continue from month to month, but may be terminated at any time after the original six months by either party upon providing written notice. Advisory and consulting fees are not variable based on client trading activities. This revenue is generally recognized ratably over time to match the continued delivery of the performance obligation to the client over the life of the contract. Sweep Program Fees The Company earns fees generated in lieu of interest income from a multi-bank sweep program with unaffiliated banks and money market funds. Pursuant to contractual arrangements with clients and their introducing-brokers, available cash balances in client accounts are swept into either Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  (“FDIC”) insured cash accounts at unaffiliated banks or unaffiliated money market funds for which the Company earns a portion of the income generated by the client balances for administration and recordkeeping. The fees generated by the Company’s multi-bank sweep program are reported net of the balances remitted to the introducing-brokers and the clients of introducing-brokers. These fees are paid and recognized over time to match the continued delivery of the administration and recordkeeping performance obligations to the life of the contract. The fees earned under this program are generally based upon the type of sweep account, prevailing interest rates, and the amount of client balances invested. Client Account Fees Client account fees represent fees earned for custodial, recordkeeping, and administrative functions performed for client accounts. These functions include statement delivery fees, account transfer fees, safekeeping fees, errors and omission insurance fees, platform fees, and other fees. Client account fees that are transactional based, such as account transfer fees, are recognized at a point in time when the related performance obligation is satisfied. Client account fees that are related to ongoing services, such as statement delivery fees and errors and omission insurance fees, are recognized over time. Client account fees that relate to ongoing services are typically billed to clients’ accounts on a monthly or quarterly basis. Precious Metals Sales Under ASC Topic 606 The Company principally generates revenue from sale of bullion coins and small bars of precious metal via its websites. Revenues from the sale of physical precious metals are recognized when control of the inventory is transferred within the meaning of Topic 606. This revenue source primarily executes its contracts on a spot basis at agreed upon rates and amounts, which further aligns with Topic 606. Physical Precious Metals Under ASC 815 The Company principally generates revenue from trading physical precious metals on an OTC basis. Revenues from the sale of physical precious metals are recorded on a trade date basis and generally settle on an unallocated basis. Substantially all of the Company’s sales of precious metals are conducted using sales contracts that meet the definition of derivative instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (“Topic 815”). The contracts underlying the Company’s commitment to deliver precious metals are referred to as fixed price forward commodity contracts because the price of the commodity is fixed at the time the order is placed. Although the contracts typically are executed on a spot basis and settle on unallocated account, the client has the option to request delivery of the precious metals, the option to net settle out of the position by executing an offsetting trade, or the option to roll the transaction to a subsequent maturity date. Thus, the sales contracts contain embedded option derivatives that would be subject to the guidance in Topic 815. As the contracts are subject to the guidance in Topic 815, the fixed price derivative sales contracts are outside the scope of Topic 606. The Company recognizes revenue when control of the inventory is transferred within the meaning of Topic 606. Physical precious metals trading revenue generated by registered broker-dealer subsidiaries is presented on a net basis and included as a component of Principal gains, net in the Consolidated Income Statements, in accordance with U.S GAAP for broker-dealers. Revenues from the sale of physical precious metals originating from non-broker-dealer subsidiaries is reported gross in the Consolidated Income Statements. Physical Agricultural and Energy Products The Company principally generates revenue from merchandising and originating physical agricultural and energy commodities from forward firm sales commitments accounted for in accordance with Topic 815. The fixed and provisionally-priced derivative sales contracts that result in physical delivery are outside the scope of Topic 606. The Company recognizes revenue when control of the inventory is transferred within the meaning of Topic 606. Principal Gains, Net Principal gains, net includes revenues on financial transactions or contracts for which the Company acts as principal. This 113 Table of C ontents revenue is reported on a net basis and is primarily outside the scope of ASC 606. Principal gains, net includes margins generated from OTC derivative trades, equities, fixed income, precious metals with derivative characteristics, and foreign exchange executed with clients and other counterparties and are recognized on a trade-date basis. Principal gains, net, also includes realized and unrealized gains and losses derived principally from market making activities in OTC derivatives, equities, fixed income, and foreign exchange. Net dealer inventory and investment gains are recognized on a trade-date basis and include realized gains or losses and changes in unrealized gains or losses on investments at fair value. Principal gains, net also includes dividend income on long equity positions and dividend expense on short equity positions, which are recognized on the ex-dividend date. The following table indicates the relevant income and expense: Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Dividend income on long equity positions $ 142.3 $ 192.3 $ 32.0 Dividend expense on short equity positions 142.4 191.2 33.3 Dividend (loss)/income net of dividend expense reported within Principal Gains, net $ ( 0.1 ) $ 1.1 $ ( 1.3 ) Interest Income Interest income is generated from client funds deposited with the Company to satisfy margin required by third-party banks, exchange-clearing organizations, or other FCMs. Interest income is also generated from investing client funds in allowable securities, primarily U.S. Treasury obligations and from trading fixed income securities that the Company holds in its market-making businesses. Interest income also includes interest generated from collateralized transactions, including securities borrowed and securities purchased under agreements to resell, and from extending margin loans to clients. Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis and is not within the scope of Topic 606. Remaining Performance Obligations Remaining performance obligations are services that the firm has committed to perform in the future in connection with its contracts with clients. The Company’s remaining performance obligations are generally related to its risk management consulting and asset management contracts with clients. Revenues associated with remaining performance obligations related to these contracts with clients are not material to the overall consolidated results of the Company. Similar to the above, risk management consulting contracts are generally for a minimum term of six months and then continue from month to month, but may be terminated at any time after the original six months by either party upon providing written notice. Asset management contracts may be terminated by the client at any time. For the Company’s asset management activities, where fees are calculated based on a percentage of the market value of eligible assets in client’s accounts, future revenue associated with remaining performance obligations cannot be determined as such fees are subject to fluctuations in the market value of eligible assets in clients’ accounts. Practical Expedients The Company has applied Topic 606’s practical expedient that permits for the non-disclosure of the value of performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length or one year or less and (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for services performed. The Company has also applied Topic 606’s practical expedient that allows for no adjustment to consideration due to a significant financing component if the expectation at contract inception is such that the period between payment by the client and the transfer of the promised goods or services to the client will be one year or less. Note 16 – Share-Based Compensation The 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the “Omnibus Plan”), authorizes the Company to issue up to 5.4 million shares in connection with the grants of stock options, restricted stock, and performance share units, and 4.4 million shares are available for issuance as of September 30, 2025. Share-based compensation expense is included in Compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Income Statements and totaled $ 49.0 million, $ 37.2 million and $ 28.0 million for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Stock Options The Company sponsors the Omnibus Plan for its directors, officers, employees and consultants. Shares underlying awards that expire or are canceled generally become available for issuance again under the Omnibus Plan. The Company settles stock option exercises with newly issued shares of common stock. 114 Table of C ontents Fair value is estimated at the grant date based on a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model using the following weighted-average assumptions: Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Expected stock price volatility 36 % 38 % 42 % Expected dividend yield — % — % — % Risk free interest rate 2.68 % 2.21 % 1.60 % Average expected life (in years) 4.91 6.32 4.25 Expected stock price volatility rates are primarily based on historical volatility. The Company has not paid dividends in the past and does not currently expect to do so in the future. Risk free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the option or award. The average expected life represents the estimated period of time that options or awards granted are expected to be outstanding, based on the Company’s historical share option exercise experience for similar option grants. The weighted average fair value of options issued during the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 27.93 , $ 26.77 , and $ 22.14 , respectively. The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year ended September 30, 2025: Number of Options Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted Average Remaining Term (in years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value ($ millions) Balances as of September 30, 2024 4,591,552 $ 34.42 $ 12.86 5.06 $ 88.7 Granted 533,127 $ 77.18 $ 27.93 Exercised ( 407,084 ) $ 26.26 $ 8.43 Forfeited ( 55,993 ) $ 39.62 $ 13.39 Expired ( 851 ) $ 27.60 $ 10.84 Balances as of September 30, 2025 4,660,751 $ 39.97 $ 14.96 4.47 $ 284.1 Exercisable at September 30, 2025 1,234,595 $ 23.47 $ 6.83 1.79 $ 95.6 The total compensation cost not yet recognized for non-vested awards of $ 45.9 million as of September 30, 2025 has a weighted-average period of 2.60 years over which the compensation expense is expected to be recognized. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 22.4 million, $ 9.8 million and $ 4.2 million, respectively. The options outstanding as of September 30, 2025 broken down by exercise price are as follows: Exercise Price Number of Options Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Term (in Years) $ 15.00 - $ 20.00 1,080,000 $ 20.00 1.18 $ 25.00 - $ 30.00 517,508 $ 26.79 2.82 $ 40.00 - $ 45.00 2,155,294 $ 42.77 6.01 $ 45.00 - $ 50.00 386,670 $ 47.26 5.36 $ 50.00 - $ 85.00 521,279 $ 77.41 5.92 4,660,751 $ 39.97 4.47 115 Table of C ontents Restricted Stock The Company grants restricted stock under the Omnibus Plan to its directors, officers, and employees. Restricted stock awards that expire or are canceled generally become available for issuance again under the Omnibus Plan. The Company utilizes newly issued shares of common stock to make restricted stock grants. Restricted Stock Units The following is a summary of restricted stock activity through September 30, 2025: Number of Shares Outstanding Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted Average Remaining Term (in years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value ($ millions) Balances as of September 30, 2024 1,507,715 $ 41.42 1.13 $ 81.0 Granted 749,809 $ 74.65 Vested ( 748,398 ) $ 40.02 Forfeited ( 1,327 ) $ 47.68 Balances as of September 30, 2025 1,507,799 $ 58.64 1.24 $ 152.2 The total compensation cost not yet recognized of $ 63.7 million as of September 30, 2025 has a weighted-average period of 1.24 years over which the compensation expense is expected to be recognized. Compensation expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Restricted stock grants are included in the Company’s total issued and outstanding common shares. Performance Share Units During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company granted performance shares units (“PSU”), which are earned on the basis of pre-established performance goals approved by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors for a specified performance period. The performance shares are subject to a cliff vesting on the fourth anniversary of the grant date. The target amount of the award is 225,000 shares of Company common stock.The range of payout is zero to 337,500 shares, based on the outcome of the performance condition. The following is a summary of performance share activity through September 30, 2025: Number of Shares Outstanding Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted Average Remaining Term (in years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value ($ millions) Balances as of September 30, 2024 — n/a n/a n/a Granted 225,000 $ 76.12 Balances as of September 30, 2025 225,000 $ 76.12 3.50 $ 22.7 The total compensation cost not yet recognized for PSUs is $ 15.0 million as of September 30, 2025. This amount will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Note 17 – Retirement Plans Defined Benefit Retirement Plans The Company has a frozen qualified defined benefit pension plan (the “Qualified Plan”) and a nonqualified defined benefit pension plan (the “Nonqualified Plan”), and recognizes their funded status, measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the projected benefit obligation, in Other assets or Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, depending on the funded status of each plan. The Qualified Plan assets, which are managed in a third-party trust, primarily consist of a diversified blend of approximately 90 % debt securities and 10 % equity investments and had a total fair value of $ 31.2 million and $ 32.3 million as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. All Qualified Plan assets fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The benefit obligation associated with the Qualified Plan will vary over time only as a result of changes in market interest rates, the life expectancy of the plan participants, and benefit payments, since the accrual of benefits was suspended when the Qualified Plan was frozen in 2006. The benefit obligation was $ 24.5 million and $ 25.9 million and the discount rate assumption used in the measurement of this obligation was 5.25 % and 4.90 % as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Related to the Qualified Plan, the Company’s net pension obligation was in a funded status of $ 6.7 million and $ 6.4 million as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. 116 Table of C ontents The Nonqualified Plan assets had a total fair value of less than $ 0.1 million as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. The benefit obligation associated with the Nonqualified Plan will vary over time only as a result of changes in market interest rates, the life expectancy of the plan participants, and benefit payments. There are no active participants in the Nonqualified plan. The benefit obligation was $ 1.1 million and $ 1.1 million as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Related to the Nonqualified Plan, the Company’s unfunded pension obligation was $ 1.1 million and $ 1.1 million as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company recognized a net periodic benefit of $ 0.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2025, and a net periodic cost of $ 0.1 million and $ 0.3 million for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The expected long-term return on plan assets assumption for the Qualified Plan was 5.50 % for 2025. The Company made contributions of $ 0.1 million to the plans in the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. The Company complies with minimum funding requirements. The estimated undiscounted future benefit payments are expected to be $ 2.0 million in 2026, $ 2.0 million in 2027, $ 2.1 million in 2028, $ 2.2 million in 2029, $ 2.1 million in 2030, and $ 8.9 million in 2031 through 2035. Defined Contribution Retirement Plans The Company offers participation in the StoneX Group Inc. 401(k) Plan (“401(k) Plan”), a defined contribution plan providing retirement benefits to all domestic full-time non-temporary employees who have reached 21 years of age. Employees may contribute from 1 % to 80 % of their annual compensation to the 401(k) Plan, limited to a maximum annual amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Service. For each participant’s eligible elective deferral contribution to the 401(k) Plan, the Company makes matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan in amounts equal to 100 % on the first 3 % of employee contributions and 50 % on the next 4 % of employee contributions, up to 7 % of employee compensation. Employees are fully vested in both employee and matching employer contributions immediately. U.K. based employees of StoneX Group are eligible to participate in a defined contribution pension plan. The Company contributes double the employee’s contribution up to 10 % of total base salary for this plan. For this plan, employees are 100 % vested in both the employee and employer contributions at all times. For fiscal years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company’s contributions to these defined contribution plans were $ 27.1 million, $ 23.3 million and $ 19.2 million, respectively. Note 18 – Other Expenses Other expenses consisted of the following, for the periods indicated. Fiscal Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Non-income taxes $ 13.3 $ 12.8 $ 16.8 Insurance 12.1 11.8 11.1 Employee related expenses 7.3 7.3 10.1 Other direct business expenses 17.7 15.1 14.8 Membership fees 3.9 3.7 3.4 Director and public company expenses 2.7 2.1 2.3 Office expenses 3.0 2.4 1.9 Other expenses 6.0 9.9 6.0 Total other expenses $ 66.0 $ 65.1 $ 66.4 Note 19 – Income Taxes Inflation Reduction Act In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“Act”) was signed into U.S. law. Under the Act, there is a new 15% corporate minimum tax and a new 1% excise tax on stock repurchases that are effective after December 31, 2022. Further, the Act includes provisions related to climate change, energy, and health care. These provisions are not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two”) aim to ensure that multinationals with revenues in excess of EUR 750 million pay a minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15% (minimum tax) in each jurisdiction in which they operate. EU member states are required to adopt the OECD Pillar rules, some countries have already adopted and other non-U.S. countries are expected to follow suit. Under these rules, the Company is required to pay a “top-up” tax to the extent that the effective tax rate in any given country is below 15%. The United States is not expected to pass Pillar Two legislation in the near term, but the top-up tax can be collected by other 117 Table of C ontents countries. The Pillar Two legislation is effective for the Company with the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2024. This minimum tax, if any, will be recognized in the period in which it is incurred. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA") was enacted into law. The OBBBA makes permanent key elements of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, including 100% bonus depreciation, domestic research cost expensing and the business interest expense limitation. The legislation has multiple effective dates, with certain provisions effective in 2025 and others implemented after. The legislation did not have a material impact on the Company’s fiscal 2025 effective tax rate or consolidated financial statements and is not expected to have a material impact in fiscal 2026.  The Company continues to review the OBBBA tax provisions to assess impacts to the consolidated financial statements. Income tax expense/(benefit) for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was allocated as follows: Fiscal Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Income tax expense attributable to income from operations $ 102.9 $ 93.3 $ 84.5 Taxes allocated to stockholders’ equity, related to pension liabilities — 0.3 0.2 Taxes allocated to stockholders’ equity, related to hedge accounting 0.2 8.1 11.1 Total income tax expense $ 103.1 $ 101.7 $ 95.8 The components of income tax expense/(benefit) attributable to income from operations were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Current taxes: U.S. federal $ 37.2 $ 26.4 $ 15.8 U.S. state and local 7.0 5.9 3.9 Brazil 19.7 18.2 16.0 Germany 3.4 4.2 4.5 Singapore 9.4 7.7 4.9 United Kingdom 9.5 34.5 30.9 Other international 9.4 6.9 10.9 Total current taxes 95.6 103.8 86.9 Deferred taxes: U.S. federal ( 2.0 ) 1.7 ( 1.1 ) U.S. state and local ( 1.0 ) 0.5 — Brazil 1.2 ( 3.6 ) — Germany — ( 0.4 ) — United Kingdom 10.5 ( 7.2 ) ( 1.4 ) Other international ( 1.4 ) ( 1.5 ) 0.1 Total deferred taxes 7.3 ( 10.5 ) ( 2.4 ) Income tax expense $ 102.9 $ 93.3 $ 84.5 U.S. and international components of income from operations, before tax, were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 U.S. $ 148.9 $ 97.8 $ 135.1 Brazil 44.6 37.8 35.3 Germany 11.1 12.1 13.3 Singapore 70.3 55.1 38.1 United Kingdom 65.4 121.3 77.7 Other international 68.5 30.0 23.5 Income from operations, before tax $ 408.8 $ 354.1 $ 323.0 118 Table of C ontents Items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and income tax expense were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Federal statutory rate effect of: 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % U.S. State and local income taxes 1.1 % 1.5 % 1.0 % Foreign earnings and losses taxed at different rates 0.5 % 2.6 % 1.1 % Stock compensation ( 1.4 ) % ( 1.0 ) % ( 0.6 ) % BEAT 1.0 % — % — % Pillar 2 minimum tax 0.8 % — % — % Non-deductible compensation 1.9 % 1.5 % 1.5 % Permanent items 0.1 % ( 0.8 ) % 1.8 % U.S. bargain purchase gain — % — % ( 1.4 ) % GILTI 0.6 % 2.0 % 2.0 % R&D Credit ( 0.4 ) % ( 0.5 ) % ( 0.2 ) % Effective rate 25.2 % 26.3 % 26.2 % The components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: (in millions) September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Deferred tax assets: Share-based compensation $ 21.0 $ 12.2 Deferred compensation — 5.4 Net operating loss carryforwards 31.5 19.6 Capitalized interest 5.0 — Bad debt reserve 7.7 7.2 Foreign tax credit carryforwards 0.4 1.2 Other compensation 9.8 7.5 Pension 2.9 2.5 Right of use assets 30.2 30.1 Property and equipment 2.1 3.4 Other 2.4 2.9 Total gross deferred tax assets 113.0 92.0 Less valuation allowance ( 18.5 ) ( 15.5 ) Deferred tax assets 94.5 76.5 Deferred income tax liabilities: Unrealized gain on securities 4.1 3.1 Prepaid expenses 2.7 2.5 Intangibles 105.2 — Right of use liabilities 25.2 26.7 Mark to market on inventory 7.6 3.8 Other deferred liabilities 3.3 0.5 Deferred compensation 9.3 — Hedging 2.0 2.2 Deferred income tax liabilities 159.4 38.8 Deferred income taxes, net $ ( 64.9 ) $ 37.7 Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal, state, local, and fore ign income tax purposes of $ 13.0 million and $ 5.3 million, net of valuation allowances, respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income in these jurisdictions. The state and local net operating loss carryforwards of $ 12.1 million, net of valuation allowance, begin to expire after September 2025. The Company also has $ 0.6 million, net of valuation allowances, of federal net operating loss carryforwards, which consist of a portion that will expire in tax years ending 2031 through 2036, and are limited by Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) Section 382. 119 Table of C ontents The remaining portion of the federal net operating loss carryforwards do not expire, but cannot be utilized until after 2037 and are also limited by IRC Section 382. As of September 30, 2025, the Company has $ 0.3 million, net of valuation allowance, of foreign net operating loss carryforwards primarily in Brazil, Columbia, Germany, Netherlands and United Kingdom, which have various carryforward periods. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2025 was $ 18.5 million. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended September 30, 2025 was an increase of $ 3.0 million. The increase was related to the increase in foreign net operating loss carryforwards and increases related to foreign tax credits. The valuation allowances as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 were primarily related to U.S. state and local and foreign net operating loss carryforwards that, in the judgment of management, are not more likely than not to be realized. T he Company does not intend to distribute earnings of its foreign subsidiaries in a taxable manner, and therefore intends to limit distributions to earnings previously taxed in the U.S., or earnings that would qualify for the 100 percent dividends received deduction, and earnings that would not result in any significant foreign taxes. The Company repatriated $ 73.5 million and $ 100.0 million during the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, of earnings previously taxed in the U.S. resulting in no significant incremental taxes. Therefore, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax liability on its investment in foreign subsidiaries. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authority, based upon the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefit recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of year $ 0.3 $ — $ — Gross increases for tax positions related to current year — — — Gross increases for tax positions related to prior years 0.4 0.3 — Gross decreases for tax positions of prior years — — — Settlements — — — Lapse of statute of limitations ( 0.2 ) — — Balance, end of year $ 0.5 $ 0.3 $ — The Company had $ 0.5 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2025 that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company had a de minimis balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of  September 30, 2024 and 2023 that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Accrued interest and penalties are included in the related tax liability line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had $ 0.1 million and $ 0.1 million of accrued interest and penalties included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. The Company had $ 0.0 million of interest, net of federal benefit, and penalties recognized as a component of income tax expense during the year ended September 30, 2025, $ 0.1 million of interest, net of federal benefit, and penalties recognized as a component of income tax expense during the year ended September 30, 2024 and a de minimis amount during the year ended September 30, 2023. The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns with the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various U.S. state and local and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has open tax years ranging from September 30, 2018 through September 30, 2025 with U.S. federal and state and local taxing authorities, however the Company has acquired net operating losses from tax year 2010 that may allow the IRS to make adjustments to positions in returns as early as 2010. In the U.K., the Company has open tax years ending September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2025. In Brazil, the Company has open tax years ranging from December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2024. In Singapore, the Company has open tax years ranging from September 30, 2021 to September 30, 2025. Note 20 – Acquisitions The Company’s consolidated financial statements include the operating results and cash flows of the acquired businesses from the dates of acquisition. 120 Table of C ontents Acquisitions in Fiscal 2025 Assets of JBR Recovery Limited On October 1, 2024, the Company’s subsidiary, StoneX Metals Limited, executed a sale and purchase agreement to acquire the recycling and refining business, along with certain assets, including licenses, silver inventory, and refining and recycling equipment, from JBR, a company incorporated in England and Wales. This transaction was effective on the closing date of October 1, 2024. The asset purchase was accounted for as a business acquisition in accordance with ASC 805. JBR was, at the acquisition date, one of only two UK companies accredited for the supply of “Good Delivery” silver to the London Bullion Market and is expected to enhance the Company’s supply chain integration. The purchase price consists of $ 8.0 million of cash consideration paid at closing, approximately $ 12.6 million in silver bullion paid at closing, approximately $ 0.7 million of silver bullion payable upon determination of final silver inventory valuation, and deferred consideration totaling $ 2.4 million due in two equal annual payments beginning on October 1, 2025. The business activities of JBR have been assigned to the Company’s Commercial reportable segment. The acquisition generated $ 4.8 million of Goodwill and $ 2.5 million of intangible assets. Octo Finances SA On January 31, 2025, the Company executed a share purchase agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Octo Finances SA (“Octo”), a fixed income broker based in Paris, France. Octo, which specializes in bond and convertible sales, debt capital markets, and credit research, expands the Company’s offering in fixed income and strengthens its capabilities in Europe. This transaction was effective on the closing date of January 31, 2025. The purchase price consists of $ 7.5 million of cash consideration paid at closing, an additional $ 0.9 million paid within 45 days post closing, and a non-contingent earn-out valued at approximately $ 0.1 million split between the first two anniversaries of the closing date. The business activities of Octo have been assigned to the Company’s Institutional reportable segment. The acquisition generated $ 2.1 million of Goodwill and $ 1.9 million of intangible assets. R.J. O’Brien On April 14, 2025, the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with RTS Merger Sub Inc., RTS Investor Corp., and Westmoor Trail Partners LLC to acquire 100 % ownership of RTS Investor Corp., which was the parent company for the R.J. O’Brien global business (“RJO”), including R.J. O’Brien & Associates, LLC, the oldest futures brokerage in the U.S, and selected affiliates. This transaction was effective on the closing date of July 31, 2025, subsequent to approval by regulators and completing customary closing conditions. The purchase price consideration was paid in a combination of cash and the issuance of 3,085,554 shares of the Company’s common stock, which were reissued from treasury stock. The number of shares issued was determined using a pre-close target value of $ 275.0 million, as per the merger agreement. The issued shares are subject to certain lock-up provisions that restrict share transfer per the terms of the relevant agreements. At closing, the Company assumed approximately $ 125.7 million related to a RJO subordinated debt facility. The acquisition is expected to significantly strengthen the Company’s position as a leading FCM and enhance its role as an essential part of the global financial market structure, offering institutional grade execution, clearing, custody, and prime brokerage across all asset classes. The acquisition is expected to expand the Company’s client float and add many introducing brokers to its network, while RJO’s clients benefit from the Company’s extensive range of markets, products, and services. As of September 30, 2025 the Company’s fair value and purchase price accounting are preliminary. On July 31, 2025, the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes due 2032 were used to fund the cash portion of the purchase price and to pay related fees and expenses, as described above. See Note 11 for further discussion surrounding the Notes due 2032. Purchase Price The aggregate merger consideration was (in millions): Cash consideration $ 651.9 Common stock 300.1 Amounts receivable from sellers ( 10.0 ) Total merger consideration $ 942.0 121 Table of C ontents The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation as of the RJO acquisition date (in millions): Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation Cash and cash equivalents $ 162.5 Cash, securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations 2,182.0 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 1,581.2 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties, net 3,287.7 Receivable from clients, net 25.6 Financial instruments owned, at fair value 30.6 Deferred tax asset ( 0.5 ) Property and equipment, net 14.9 Operating right of use assets 6.4 Other assets 54.9 Total fair value of assets acquired 7,345.3 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 118.0 Operating lease liabilities 11.3 Payable to clients 6,637.2 Payables to lenders under loans 125.7 Income taxes payable 0.8 Deferred tax liabilities 95.3 Total fair value of liabilities assumed 6,988.3 Fair value of tangible net assets acquired 357.0 Identifiable intangible assets acquired Client base 407.7 Trade name 2.9 Total fair value of intangible assets acquired 410.6 Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired 767.6 Total merger consideration 942.0 Goodwill $ 174.4 RJO’s assets and liabilities in the above table were reported at fair value or values that approximate fair value, as determined by using certain estimates and assumptions that are not observable in the market. The Company used the multi-period excess earnings method to determine the estimated acquisition date fair value of client base intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of client base intangibles included expected client base attrition rate and a discount rate. Other assets and liabilities were generally valued using observable inputs. Post-Acquisition Results and Unaudited Pro Forma Information RJO’s results of operations and cash flows have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to July 31, 2025. For the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company’s results include total operating revenues and net income from RJO of $ 141.0 million and $ 14.7 million, respectively. The following unaudited pro forma financial information (in millions, except per share amounts) has been adjusted to give effect to the RJO merger as if it had been consummated on October 1, 2023. Fiscal Year Ended September 30 2025 2024 Total revenues $ 133,102.0 $ 100,784.7 Operating revenues $ 4,850.7 $ 4,333.1 Net income $ 329.2 $ 345.6 Basic earnings per share $ 6.37 $ 6.84 Diluted earnings per share $ 6.05 $ 6.62 122 Table of C ontents The Company incurred costs related to the merger of $ 10.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2025, that are included within Professional fees on the consolidated income statement. Benchmark On March 11, 2025, the Company announced that it had signed an agreement to acquire Benchmark. Benchmark is a full-service investment banking firm offering a robust sales and trading platform, award-winning equity research, and a highly experienced investment banking team. The purchase price consideration includes cash of $ 57.1 million and four annual contingent payments, each capped at $ 7.0 million, plus a final contingent payment for any excess above the annual caps over the four year period following the close, valued together at $ 25.3 million. This transaction was effective on the closing date of July 31, 2025. The business activities of Benchmark have been assigned to the Company’s Institutional reportable segment. The acquisition generated $ 55.7 million of Goodwill and $ 10.2 million of intangible assets. As of September 30, 2025, the Company’s fair value and purchase price accounting are preliminary. Benchmark’s results of operations and cash flows have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to July 31, 2025. For the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company’s results include total operating revenues and net income from Benchmark of $ 11.4 million and $ 1.6 million, respectively. Headquartered in New York City and operating nationwide, Benchmark has been delivering exceptional client service, market access, and deep market and industry expertise for over 35 years. This acquisition will strengthen the Company’s offerings in equity and debt capital markets, with significant enhancements in equity research and investment banking. Right Corporation On September 3, 2025, the Company entered into, and closed, an agreement to acquire Right, a Montana corporation. Right Corporation provides trading and logistics services for independent meat packing operations, distributors, and end-users. The purchase price consideration includes cash of approximately $ 9.2 million, $ 2.5 million of hold-back payable within 6 months based on successful collection of customer receivables, an earn-out valued at approximately $ 2.6 million payable over a 4 year period following the close, and $ 5.0 million in extinguishment of Right’s outstanding debt on the close date. The business activities of Right have been assigned to the Company’s Commercial reportable segment. The acquisition generated $ 1.0 million of Goodwill and $ 1.9 million of intangible assets. Bamboo On March 13, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase a 20 % interest in Bamboo Payment Holding LLC (“Bamboo”) for $ 8.0 million cash, which was funded as of July 1, 2025. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is entitled to designate no less than 25 % of the members comprising Bamboo’s board. As a result, this investment was accounted for under the equity method in accordance with relevant accounting guidance. For the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company recognized a loss of $ 0.3 million for the Company’s share of Bamboo’s loss. This loss is recorded in Gain on acquisitions and other gains, net on the Consolidated Income Statements. Acquisitions in Fiscal 2024 Trust Advisory Group, Ltd. On September 20, 2024, the Company’s subsidiary StoneX Advisors Inc. executed a sale and purchase agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Trust Advisory Group, Ltd. (“TAG”), a Massachusetts corporation. This transaction was effective on the closing date of September 20, 2024. The purchase price consists of $ 1.5 million of cash consideration paid at closing, plus an estimated $ 1.0 million hold-back due to be paid on or before February 15, 2025 and a contingent earn-out valued at approximately $ 1.7 million due within 90 days after March 31, 2026. The business activities of TAG have been assigned to the Company’s Self-Directed/Retail reportable segment. The acquisition generated $ 2.0 million of Goodwill and $ 2.1 million of intangible assets. Acquisitions in Fiscal 2023 Cotton Distributors Inc. On October 31, 2022, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, StoneX Netherlands B.V., acquired CDI-Societe Cotonniere De Distribution S.A (“CDI”), based in Switzerland. CDI operates a global cotton merchant business with clients and producers in Brazil and West Africa as well as buyers throughout Asia. The purchase price is approximately $ 42.7 million, which is based on CDI’s estimated acquisition date tangible book value as defined by the terms of the purchase agreement and based on Swiss accounting practices, and an earn-out payment due to the seller. The earn-out value was determined by CDI’s performance with respect to certain contracts entered into before the acquisition date and settling after the closing date. 123 Table of C ontents During the year ended September 30, 2023, CDI contributed $ 36.9 million of Net operating revenue and $ 18.6 million of Net income . The gain on acquisition was principally due to the fair value of commodity forward purchases and sales contracts and fair value of identified intangible assets acquired exceeding the consideration paid for these assets. (in millions) Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents $ 8.2 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties 7.7 Receivable from clients, net 51.9 Financial instruments owned, at fair value 45.7 Deferred income taxes, net ( 3.3 ) Property and equipment, net 0.1 Physical commodities inventory, net 22.5 Other assets 6.7 Total fair value of tangible assets acquired 139.5 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 40.0 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 28.3 Payables to lenders under loans 10.1 Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties 0.4 Payables to clients 2.6 Income taxes payable 0.8 Total fair value of liabilities assumed 82.2 Fair value of tangible net assets acquired $ 57.3 Identifiable intangible assets acquired Client relationships $ 4.7 Supplier relationships 3.7 Trade name 0.4 Non-compete 0.1 Total fair value of intangible assets acquired 8.9 Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired 66.2 Total merger consideration 42.7 Gain on acquisition $ 23.5 Incomm S.A.S. On February 3, 2023, the Company’s subsidiary StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC executed a sale and purchase agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Incomm S.A.S. (“Incomm”), a company duly incorporated and in existence according with the laws of Colombia. This transaction was effective on the closing date of February 3, 2023. Incomm was established to support the import of grain and feed products for Colombian clients, and is a proven resource in management of customs clearing, inventory management at destination ports and providing non-recourse trade finance for destination buyers via local Colombian banks. The purchase price consists of $ 0.2 million of cash consideration and also includes a contingent earn-out valued at approximately $ 1.3 million with annual payments over the four years following the acquisition. The contingent earn-out payments are variable in nature, as they equal a percentage of the acquired business line’s pre-tax profits, as defined in the purchase agreement. The business activities of Incomm will be assigned to the Company’s Commercial reportable segment. The acquisition generated $ 1.3 million of Goodwill. Note 21 – Regulatory Requirements and Subsidiary Dividend Restrictions The Company’s subsidiary StoneX Financial Inc. is registered as a broker dealer and member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) subject to the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1, which requires the maintenance of minimum net capital. StoneX Financial Inc. is also a futures commission merchant registered with the CFTC and subject to the net capital requirements of the CFTC Regulation 1.17. Under the more restrictive of these rules, StoneX Financial Inc. is required to maintain “adjusted net capital”, equivalent to the greater of $ 1.5 million or 8 % of client and non-client risk maintenance margin requirements on all positions, as defined in such rules, regulations, and requirements. Adjusted net capital and the related net capital requirement may fluctuate on a daily basis. StoneX Financial Inc., along with certain regulated affiliates, including GAIN Capital Group, LLC and others, has a restriction on dividends. For StoneX Financial Inc. and R.J. 124 Table of C ontents O’brien and Associates LLC, withdrawn excess capital cannot reduce excess capital, after haircuts and charges, to an amount less than 120 % of the greatest minimum requirement. The Company’s subsidiary, GAIN Capital Group, LLC, is subject to regulation by the CFTC and NFA and is required to maintain specific levels of regulatory capital. As a futures commission merchant and retail foreign exchange dealer, GAIN Capital Group, LLC is required to maintain adjusted net capital of the greater of $ 1.0 million or 8 % of customer and non-customer risk maintenance margin, or $ 20.0 million plus 5.0 % of the amount of retail customer liabilities over $ 10.0 million, plus 10 % of all liabilities owed to eligible contract participant counterparties acting as a dealer that are not an affiliate. The Company’s subsidiary R.J. O’Brien and Associates LLC, is subject to regulation by the CFTC and NFA and is required to maintain specific levels of regulatory capital. R.J. O’Brien and Associates LLC is required to maintain adjusted net capital of the greater of $ 20 million or the sum of 8 % of customer and 8 % of non-customer risk maintenance margin requirement on all positions. Pursuant to the requirements of the Commodity Exchange Act, funds deposited by clients of R.J. O’Brien and Associates LLC supporting trading of futures and options on futures on a U.S. commodities exchange must be carried in separate accounts which are designated as segregated client accounts. Pursuant to the requirements of the CFTC, funds deposited by clients of R.J. O’Brien and Associates LLC related to trading futures and options on futures traded on, or subject to the rules of a foreign board of trade, must be carried in separate accounts, which are designated as secured clients’ accounts. Swap dealers are subject to a comprehensive regulatory regime with new obligations for the swaps activities for which they are registered, including adherence to risk management policies, supervisory procedures, trade record and real time reporting requirements, as well as rules for minimum capital requirements which became effective October 6, 2021. Our subsidiary, StoneX Markets LLC, is a CFTC registered swap dealer, and under these capital rules, StoneX Markets LLC is subject to a minimum regulatory capital requirement of $ 20.0 million. StoneX Financial Inc. as a registered securities carrying broker dealer is also subject to Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Rule 15c3-3”), which requires the Company to maintain separate accounts for the benefit of securities clients and proprietary accounts of broker dealers (“PABs”). These client protection rules require the Company to maintain special reserve bank accounts (“SRBAs”) for the exclusive benefit of securities clients and PABs. As of September 30, 2025, StoneX Financial Inc. prepared reserve computations for the client accounts and PAB accounts in accordance with the customer reserve computation guidelines set forth in Rule 15c3-3. Based upon these computations, excess of total credits over debits was $ 149.0 million as of September 30, 2025. The Company held $ 147.5 million in customer SRBAs as of September 30, 2025, and made additional deposits of $ 17.2 million on October 2, 2025. The total PAB credits over total PAB debits was $ 8.9 million as of September 30, 2025 and the PAB reserve requirement was $ 8.9 million as of September 30, 2025. The Company held $ 14.5 million in the PAB SRBA as of September 30, 2025, and withdrew $ 0.6 million on October 2, 2025. Pursuant to the requirements of the Commodity Exchange Act, funds deposited by clients of StoneX Financial Inc. supporting trading of futures and options on futures on a U.S. commodities exchange must be carried in separate accounts which are designated as segregated client accounts. Pursuant to the requirements of the CFTC, funds deposited by clients of StoneX Financial Inc. related to trading futures and options on futures traded on, or subject to the rules of a foreign board of trade, must be carried in separate accounts in, which are designated as secured clients’ accounts. The Company’s subsidiary StoneX Financial Ltd is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), the regulator of the financial services industry in the U.K. The regulations impose regulatory capital, as well as conduct of business, governance, and other requirements. The conduct of business rules include those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which, under certain circumstances, for certain classes of client, must be segregated from the firm’s own assets. The Company’s subsidiary R.J. O’Brien Limited is regulated by the FCA. The regulations impose regulatory capital, as well as conduct of business, governance, and other requirements. The conduct of business rules include those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which, under certain circumstances, for certain classes of client, must be segregated from the firm’s own assets. StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and operates as an approved holder of a Capital Market Services and a Payments Service License. StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is subject to the requirements of MAS  pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act and the Payments Services Act 2019. The regulations include those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which under certain circumstances must be segregated from the firm’s own assets. 125 Table of C ontents The following table details the Company’s subsidiaries with a minimum regulatory client money or segregation requirement, as well as the client segregated funds and secured funds of the subsidiary as of September 30, 2025 (in millions): Client Segregated Funds Client Secured Funds Subsidiary Regulatory Authority Actual Minimum Requirement Actual Minimum Requirement StoneX Financial Inc. SEC and CFTC $ 7,244.8 $ 7,159.6 $ 260.4 $ 247.1 StoneX Financial Ltd FCA $ 1,874.4 $ 1,853.8 N/A N/A StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. MAS $ 1,062.6 $ 1,049.1 N/A N/A R.J. O’Brien & Associates LLC CFTC and NFA $ 6,293.6 $ 6,015.7 $ 280.8 $ 248.2 R.J. O’Brien Limited FCA $ 460.3 $ 460.0 N/A N/A The following table details the Company’s subsidiaries with a minimum regulatory net capital requirement in excess of $ 10.0 million as well as the actual regulatory capital of the subsidiary as of September 30, 2025 (in millions): Subsidiary Regulatory Authority Actual Minimum Requirement StoneX Financial Inc. SEC and CFTC $ 519.1 $ 362.8 StoneX Financial Ltd FCA $ 557.4 $ 457.1 GAIN Capital Group, LLC CFTC and NFA $ 65.8 $ 30.4 StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. MAS $ 127.4 $ 26.3 StoneX Markets LLC CFTC and NFA $ 252.5 $ 154.4 R.J. O’Brien & Associates LLC CFTC and NFA $ 367.4 $ 275.8 R.J. O’Brien Limited FCA $ 39.1 $ 20.3 Certain other subsidiaries of the Company, each with a minimum requirement less than $ 10.0 million, are also subject to net capital requirements promulgated by authorities in the countries in which they operate. As of September 30, 2025, all of the Company’s subsidiaries were in compliance with their local regulatory requirements. Note 22 – Segment and Geographic Information The Company's operating segments are principally based on the nature of the clients it serves (commercial, institutional, and self-directed/retail), and a fourth operating segment, its payments business. The Company manages its business in this manner due to its large global footprint, in which it has more than 5,400 employees allowing it to serve clients in more than 180 countries. During the three months ended September 30, 2025, the Company’s acquisition of RJO triggered a reassessment of the financial information reviewed by management. The Company determined the acquired business activities of RJO were similar to its existing businesses, and the reassessment confirmed the current composition of the Company’s operating segments, except for one change resulting in the combination of all physical trading capabilities in precious metals being reported within the Commercial segment. Previously, the Self-Directed/Retail segment contained a portion of our precious metals activities. All segment information has been revised to reflect all precious metals business within the Commercial segment retroactive to October 1, 2022. The Company’s business activities are managed as operating segments and organized into reportable segments as follows: Commercial The Company offers commercial clients a comprehensive array of products and services, including risk management and hedging services, execution and clearing of exchange-traded and OTC products, voice brokerage, market intelligence and physical commodity trading, marketing, procurement, logistics and price management services. The ability to provide these high-value-added products and services, differentiates the Company from its competitors and maximizes the opportunity to retain clients. Institutional The Company provides institutional clients with a complete suite of equity trading services to help them find liquidity with best execution, consistent liquidity across a robust array of fixed income products, competitive and efficient clearing and execution in all major futures and securities exchanges globally as well as prime brokerage in equities and major foreign currency pairs 126 Table of C ontents and swap transactions. Additionally, the Company operates a comprehensive investment banking platform which provides both investment banking services and equity research. Self-Directed/Retail The Company provides self-directed/retail clients around the world access to over 18,000 global financial markets, including spot foreign exchange ("forex"), as well as CFDs, which are investment products with returns linked to the performance of underlying assets. In addition, its independent wealth management business offers a comprehensive product suite to self-directed/retail investors in the U.S. Payments The Company provides customized payment, technology and treasury services to banks and commercial businesses as well as charities and non-governmental organizations and government organizations. The Company provides transparent pricing and offers payments services in more than 180 countries and 140 currencies, which it believes is more than any other payments solution provider. ******** The total revenues reported combine gross revenues from physical contracts for subsidiaries that are not broker-dealers and net revenues for all other businesses. In order to reflect the way that the Company’s management views the results, the tables below  reflect Operating revenues, Net operating revenues, Net contribution, and Segment income by segment, which are key measures used by management to assess the performance of each segment and for decisions regarding the allocation of the Company’s resources Operating revenues , which is shown on the face of the Consolidated Income Statements is calculated by deducting physical commodities cost of sales from total revenues. Net Operating revenues , which is also shown on the face of the Consolidated Income Statements is calculated by deducting transaction-based clearing expenses, introducing broker commissions, and interest expense from operating revenues. Net contribution is calculated as net operating revenues less direct variable compensation. Variable compensation paid to risk management consultants/traders generally represents a fixed percentage of revenues generated, and in some cases, revenues generated less transaction-based clearing expenses, base salaries and an overhead allocation. Segment data also includes segment income which is calculated as net contribution less non-variable direct expenses of the segment. These non-variable direct expenses include trader base compensation and benefits, operational employee compensation and benefits, communication and data services, business development, professional fees, bad debt expense and other direct expenses. Inter-segment revenues, expenses, receivables and payables are eliminated upon consolidation. Total revenues, operating revenues and net operating revenues shown in the table below as “Corporate” primarily consist of interest income from the Company’s centralized corporate treasury function. In the normal course of operations, the Company operates a centralized corporate treasury function in which it may sweep excess cash from certain subsidiaries, where permitted within regulatory limitations, in exchange for a short-term interest bearing intercompany payable, or provide excess cash to subsidiaries in exchange for a short-term interest bearing intercompany receivable in lieu of the subsidiary borrowing on external credit facilities. The intercompany receivables and payables are eliminated during consolidation. “Overhead costs and expenses” include costs and expenses of certain shared services such as information technology, accounting and treasury, credit and risk, legal and compliance, and human resources and other activities. These amounts represent the gross overhead costs and expenses, before any allocation of overhead costs to operating segments. The Company’s Executive Committee functions as the Company’s Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM"). The Executive Committee comprises its Executive Vice-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Governance and Legal Officer, Chief Information Officer, and Chief Executive Officer - Asia Pacific. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The CODM uses segment net operating revenues and segment income to manage business operational decisions, including the allocation of financial and employee resources, and to evaluate the performance of each segment by comparing the results of each segment with one another, as well as to internal forecasts. 127 Table of C ontents The following tables summarize by segment certain revenues and significant expense categories that are regularly provided to the CODM. Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 (in millions) Commercial Institutional Self-Directed / Retail Payments Corporate Eliminations Total Non-interest revenues $ 129,048.4 $ 991.1 $ 373.2 $ 212.2 $ 22.2 $ ( 3.2 ) $ 130,643.9 Interest income 208.8 1,507.4 32.3 1.6 42.2 ( 58.0 ) 1,734.3 Total revenues 129,257.2 2,498.5 405.5 213.8 64.4 ( 61.2 ) 132,378.2 Cost of sales of physical commodities 128,251.3 — — — — — 128,251.3 Operating revenues 1,005.9 2,498.5 405.5 213.8 64.4 ( 61.2 ) 4,126.9 Transaction-based clearing expenses 83.2 275.7 13.3 7.4 5.8 ( 3.2 ) 382.2 Introducing broker commissions 70.6 33.6 103.0 4.2 — — 211.4 Total interest expense 83.4 1,332.3 7.6 — 115.2 ( 58.0 ) 1,480.5 Net operating revenues 768.7 856.9 281.6 202.2 ( 56.6 ) — 2,052.8 Variable compensation and benefits 192.9 281.5 15.1 34.5 83.1 — 607.1 Net contribution 575.8 575.4 266.5 167.7 ( 139.7 ) — 1,445.7 Fixed compensation and benefits 77.6 87.5 33.5 25.9 276.1 — 500.6 Trading systems and market information 17.3 34.6 13.1 1.1 17.0 — 83.1 Professional fees 8.0 15.7 11.5 3.2 47.9 — 86.3 Non-trading technology and support 2.0 3.9 8.6 1.8 71.0 — 87.3 Selling and marketing 5.0 3.4 34.2 0.5 7.4 — 50.5 Travel and business development 9.2 8.7 1.9 1.1 12.1 — 33.0 Depreciation and amortization 10.3 7.2 15.8 4.7 29.5 — 67.5 Bad debts, net of recoveries 1.6 — 1.5 — — — 3.1 Shared services 32.2 16.1 9.7 8.8 ( 66.8 ) — — Other fixed expenses 18.1 11.8 12.6 3.5 85.0 — 131.0 Non-variable expenses 181.3 188.9 142.4 50.6 479.2 — 1,042.4 Other gains (losses), net 1.0 ( 0.7 ) 5.5 ( 0.3 ) — — 5.5 Segment income $ 395.5 2` $ 385.8 $ 129.6 $ 116.8 $ ( 618.9 ) $ — $ 408.8 As of September 30, 2025 Total assets $ 9,826.3 $ 32,465.5 $ 1,256.2 $ 722.5 $ 997.5 $ — $ 45,268.0 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Commercial Institutional Self-Directed / Retail Payments Corporate Eliminations Total Non-interest revenues $ 97,146.8 $ 782.1 $ 351.8 $ 207.3 $ 5.5 $ ( 2.5 ) $ 98,491.0 Interest income 182.1 1,180.0 37.8 2.3 41.4 ( 46.8 ) 1,396.8 Total revenues 97,328.9 1,962.1 389.6 209.6 46.9 ( 49.3 ) 99,887.8 Cost of sales of physical commodities 96,451.6 — — — — — 96,451.6 Operating revenues 877.3 1,962.1 389.6 209.6 46.9 ( 49.3 ) 3,436.2 Transaction-based clearing expenses 70.3 228.0 13.6 7.0 2.9 ( 2.5 ) 319.3 Introducing broker commissions 44.3 31.2 87.8 2.9 — — 166.2 Total interest expense 41.8 1,072.5 7.1 0.2 108.7 ( 46.8 ) 1,183.5 Net operating revenues 720.9 630.4 281.1 199.5 ( 64.7 ) — 1,767.2 Variable compensation and benefits 174.5 200.1 18.7 37.0 76.2 — 506.5 Net contribution 546.4 430.3 262.4 162.5 ( 140.9 ) — 1,260.7 Fixed compensation and benefits 68.9 77.1 44.2 28.6 217.1 — 435.9 Trading systems and market information 15.7 30.0 12.7 1.4 19.3 — 79.1 Professional fees 7.6 20.1 9.1 1.0 31.9 — 69.7 Non-trading technology and support 1.8 3.3 9.8 1.8 56.7 — 73.4 Selling and marketing 5.5 3.5 35.2 0.5 7.9 — 52.6 Travel and business development 8.3 7.5 2.5 1.1 9.0 — 28.4 Depreciation and amortization 6.2 3.9 15.5 3.3 24.2 — 53.1 Bad debts, net of recoveries 0.2 ( 1.3 ) 0.5 1.2 — — 0.6 Shared services 28.7 13.6 7.9 7.8 ( 58.0 ) — — Other fixed expenses 19.2 6.6 11.1 3.2 82.5 — 122.6 Non-variable expenses 162.1 164.3 148.5 49.9 390.6 — 915.4 Other gains, net 6.9 — 1.9 — — — 8.8 Segment income $ 391.2 $ 266.0 $ 115.8 $ 112.6 $ ( 531.5 ) $ — $ 354.1 As of September 30, 2024 Total assets $ 5,383.9 $ 19,492.9 $ 1,027.2 $ 438.8 $ 1,123.5 $ — $ 27,466.3 128 Table of C ontents Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Commercial Institutional Self-Directed / Retail Payments Corporate Eliminations Total Non-interest revenues $ 58,662.2 $ 700.9 $ 290.5 $ 210.9 $ 6.1 $ ( 2.1 ) $ 59,868.5 Interest income 154.5 812.7 30.5 1.7 25.6 ( 37.4 ) 987.6 Total revenues 58,816.7 1,513.6 321.0 212.6 31.7 ( 39.5 ) 60,856.1 Cost of sales of physical commodities 57,942.0 — — — — — 57,942.0 Operating revenues 874.7 1,513.6 321.0 212.6 31.7 ( 39.5 ) 2,914.1 Transaction-based clearing expenses 60.7 187.9 16.2 6.8 2.3 ( 2.1 ) 271.8 Introducing broker commissions 40.2 35.4 83.7 2.3 — — 161.6 Total interest expense 41.0 758.3 5.3 0.2 92.3 ( 37.4 ) 859.7 Net operating revenues 732.8 532.0 215.8 203.3 ( 62.9 ) — 1,621.0 Variable compensation and benefits 177.2 180.5 13.8 38.8 72.9 — 483.2 Net contribution 555.6 351.5 202.0 164.5 ( 135.8 ) — 1,137.8 Fixed compensation and benefits 61.4 59.7 47.2 36.6 180.5 — 385.4 Trading systems and market information 13.9 27.7 13.0 1.3 18.1 — 74.0 Professional fees 6.2 13.3 9.9 1.2 26.4 — 57.0 Non-trading technology and support 3.1 5.1 7.9 1.7 43.8 — 61.6 Selling and marketing 4.9 2.3 41.3 1.1 4.4 — 54.0 Travel and business development 7.1 6.5 3.4 1.8 6.0 — 24.8 Depreciation and amortization 4.3 3.5 19.7 0.8 22.7 — 51.0 Bad debts, net of recoveries 15.7 ( 1.5 ) 2.3 — — — 16.5 Shared services 24.0 10.5 10.6 7.1 ( 52.2 ) — — Other fixed expenses 14.8 8.6 10.4 3.8 78.3 — 115.9 Non-variable expenses 155.4 135.7 165.7 55.4 328.0 — 840.2 Gain on acquisition and other gains, net — 2.1 — — 23.3 — 25.4 Segment income $ 400.2 $ 217.9 $ 36.3 $ 109.1 $ ( 440.5 ) $ — $ 323.0 As of September 30, 2023 Total assets $ 4,707.2 $ 15,059.3 $ 983.3 $ 376.6 $ 812.3 $ — $ 21,938.7 129 Table of C ontents Information regarding revenues and operating revenues for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, and information regarding long-lived assets (defined as property, equipment, leasehold improvements and software) as of September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023 in geographic areas were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Total revenues: United States $ 7,760.5 $ 6,026.3 $ 6,017.4 Europe 3,107.4 2,358.8 3,498.9 South America 564.0 455.0 271.4 Middle East and Asia 120,922.7 91,015.0 51,023.6 Other 23.6 32.7 44.8 Total $ 132,378.2 $ 99,887.8 $ 60,856.1 Operating revenues: United States $ 3,013.6 $ 2,507.0 $ 2,120.4 Europe 663.7 594.8 494.3 South America 177.5 141.8 127.0 Middle East and Asia 236.7 159.9 127.6 Other 35.4 32.7 44.8 Total $ 4,126.9 $ 3,436.2 $ 2,914.1 (in millions) As of September 30, 2025 As of September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2023 Long-lived assets, as defined: United States $ 77.5 $ 76.2 $ 76.0 Europe 74.7 54.2 40.7 South America 6.8 5.6 4.4 Middle East and Asia 6.6 7.1 2.4 Other 1.0 — — Total $ 166.6 $ 143.1 $ 123.5 130 Table of C ontents Schedule I StoneX Group Inc. Condensed Balance Sheets Parent Company Only (in millions) September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 11.2 $ 22.1 Receivable from subsidiaries, net 122.3 7.9 Deposits with and receivables from subsidiary broker-dealer, net — 2.0 Income taxes receivable 139.1 135.9 Investment in subsidiaries 3,630.0 2,244.0 Financial instruments owned, at fair value 9.5 9.6 Deferred tax assets 3.2 2.3 Property and equipment, net 52.4 61.2 Operating right of use assets 56.9 62.2 Other assets 82.3 39.8 Total assets $ 4,106.9 $ 2,587.0 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities $ 156.3 $ 78.1 Operating lease liabilities 82.6 88.6 Payable to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties 7.3 — Payable to lenders under loans 323.3 167.9 Senior secured borrowings, net 1,159.0 543.1 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 1.0 0.2 Total liabilities 1,729.5 877.9 Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $ 0.01 par value. Authorized 1,000,000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding — — Common stock, $ 0.01 par value. Authorized 200,000,000 shares; 54,967,558 issued and 52,186,635 outstanding at September 30, 2025 and 53,678,016 issued and 47,811,539 outstanding at September 30, 2024 0.5 0.5 Common stock in treasury, at cost. 2,780,923 shares at September 30, 2025 and 5,866,477 shares at September 30, 2024 ( 32.8 ) ( 69.3 ) Additional paid-in capital 730.9 414.2 Retained earnings 1,694.8 1,388.9 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ( 16.0 ) ( 25.2 ) Total stockholders’ equity 2,377.4 1,709.1 Total liabilities and equity $ 4,106.9 $ 2,587.0 (1) The periods presented follow the equity method of accounting. 131 Table of C ontents Schedule I StoneX Group Inc. Condensed Statements of Operations Parent Company Only Fiscal Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Revenues: Management fees from affiliates $ 245.3 $ 274.2 $ 328.7 Principal gains, net 0.4 ( 0.6 ) 1.8 Consulting, management, and account fees — — 0.2 Interest income 8.1 9.3 3.3 Equity earnings of subsidiaries 512.7 428.8 370.5 Total revenues 766.5 711.7 704.5 Interest expense 95.6 92.2 83.1 Net revenues 670.9 619.5 621.4 Non-interest expenses: Compensation and benefits 129.9 137.3 137.9 Trade systems and market information 8.1 9.5 10.2 Occupancy and equipment rental 10.1 10.7 9.3 Selling and marketing 2.2 5.5 2.2 Professional fees 26.4 13.2 12.7 Travel and business development 4.1 3.3 3.1 Non-trading technology and support 59.5 49.4 37.4 Depreciation and amortization 18.0 16.6 13.7 Communications 2.6 2.9 3.4 Management services fees to affiliates 151.8 140.4 188.4 Other 15.3 16.5 12.1 Total non-interest expenses 428.0 405.3 430.4 Gain on acquisitions and other gains, net 0.1 7.0 2.1 Income before tax 243.0 221.2 193.1 Income tax benefit 62.9 39.6 45.4 Net income $ 305.9 $ 260.8 $ 238.5 (1) The periods presented follow the equity method of accounting. 132 Table of C ontents Schedule I StoneX Group Inc. Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Parent Company Only Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 305.9 $ 260.8 $ 238.5 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities: Equity earnings of subsidiaries ( 512.7 ) ( 428.8 ) ( 370.5 ) Depreciation and amortization 18.0 16.6 13.7 Amortization of operating right of use assets 6.0 5.7 5.8 Deferred income taxes ( 0.7 ) ( 3.2 ) ( 3.6 ) Amortization and extinguishment of debt issuance costs 2.6 3.8 3.9 Loss on extinguishment of debt — 3.7 — Amortization of share-based compensation expense 44.2 33.6 26.2 Accretion of deferred consideration 1.0 — — Loss on disposal of property and equipment 2.2 — — Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Cash dividends from subsidiaries 178.1 224.7 268.4 Receivables from subsidiaries, net ( 149.4 ) ( 7.9 ) — Payable to subsidiaries, net 38.1 ( 245.1 ) 11.0 Receivable from clients, net — — 0.2 Deposits with and receivables from subsidiary broker-dealer, net 2.0 75.0 12.1 Income taxes receivable ( 3.2 ) ( 3.9 ) ( 76.6 ) Financial instruments owned, at fair value 0.1 5.9 ( 0.8 ) Other assets ( 43.6 ) ( 5.1 ) ( 5.7 ) Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 97.4 ( 34.8 ) 45.8 Operating lease liabilities ( 6.7 ) ( 4.9 ) ( 4.5 ) Payable to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties 7.3 — — Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value — 0.1 ( 3.1 ) Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities ( 13.4 ) ( 103.8 ) 160.8 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital contribution to and investment in affiliates ( 740.0 ) ( 56.3 ) ( 40.0 ) Collection of notes receivable — 5.0 — Purchase of property and equipment and internally developed software ( 11.4 ) ( 11.5 ) ( 17.9 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 751.4 ) ( 62.8 ) ( 57.9 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in lenders under loans with maturities 90 days or less 155.4 10.4 ( 110.6 ) Repayments of senior secured notes — ( 347.9 ) — Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes 625.0 550.0 — Deferred payments on acquisitions ( 20.1 ) ( 23.6 ) — Debt issuance costs ( 10.5 ) ( 7.7 ) — Shares withheld to cover taxes on vesting of equity awards ( 6.6 ) — — Exercise of stock options 10.7 5.4 3.7 Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 753.9 186.6 ( 106.9 ) Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents ( 10.9 ) 20.0 ( 4.0 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 22.1 2.1 6.1 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 11.2 $ 22.1 $ 2.1 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest $ 71.1 $ 26.5 $ 15.3 Income taxes (received)/paid, net of cash refunds $ ( 59.0 ) $ 21.3 $ 34.9 Non-cash dividends received from subsidiaries $ 47.1 $ 48.1 $ 12.7 (1) The periods presented follow the equity method of accounting. 133 Table of C ontents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures In connection with the filing of this Form 10-K, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of September 30, 2025. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2025, based on the material weakness discussed in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting described below. Notwithstanding such material weakness in our Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). (b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management’s evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025 excluded JBR Recovery Limited, the recycling and refining business, along with certain assets, acquired with effect from October 1, 2024, Octo Finances SA, acquired with effect from January 31, 2025, R.J. O’Brien & Associates LLC and selected affiliates, acquired with effect from July 31, 2025, The Benchmark Company, LLC, acquired with effect from July 31, 2025, and Right Corporation, acquired with effect from September 3, 2025. These acquired businesses had aggregate total assets of $7,583.6 million and total revenues of $211.6 million included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2025. Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, under the oversight of our Board of Directors, evaluated the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025, using the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2025 due to the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, described below. Management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as we have determined that our control was not operating effectively to assess the proper presentation of “securities purchased under agreements to resell” and “securities sold under agreements to repurchase” for financial reporting purposes, as it related to netting by counterparty, within the presentation of the Company’s consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of cash flows as of and for the year ended September 30, 2025. This material weakness was the result of the control operator not appropriately detecting and correcting the error, as a result of insufficient training and enforcement of internal control responsibilities in this internal control area. 134 Table of C ontents Prior to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the control deficiency resulted in a material error associated with the calculation of offsetting amounts of collateralized transactions with the same counterparty, whereby “securities purchased under agreements to resell” were underreported with a consistent dollar amount underreported for “securities sold under agreements to repurchase” within the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. This error was corrected in the consolidated balance sheet as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 prior to filing. This error had no impact on the Company’s earnings, financial position or liquidity. KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, who audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025. KPMG LLP’s report appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (c) Remediation Steps to Address Material Weakness Management intends to remediate the material weakness described above through additional employee training on the proper review procedures in their respective internal control areas as well as reinforcement of the importance of a strong control environment and clearly communicating expectations to emphasize responsibilities and the technical requirements for internal control. In addition, the Company has redesigned the process to automate the calculation of offsetting amounts of collateralized transactions with the same counterparty, to ensure proper presentation of “securities purchased under agreements to resell” and “securities sold under agreements to repurchase” within the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the material weakness discussed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2025 that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements: During the three months ended September 30, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, except as described below. Name and Title Type of Plan Adoption Date Duration or End Date Aggregate Number of Securities to be Sold Description of Trading Arrangement Diego A. Rotsztain Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 8/18/2025 12/17/2025 to 12/31/2026 11,986 Sales of shares John M. Fowler - Director Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 9/10/2025 12/31/2026 2,100 Sales of shares Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 135 Table of C ontents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance We will include a list of our executive officers and biographical and other information about them and our directors in the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 10, 2026. We will file the proxy within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 (the “2026 Proxy Statement”). The 2026 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Information about our Audit Committee may be found in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference. We adopted a code of ethics that applies to the directors, officers and employees of the Company and each of its subsidiaries. The code of ethics is publicly available on our website at https://ir.stonex.com/corporate-governance. If we make any substantive amendments to the code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation We will include information relating to our executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of our Board of Directors in the 2026 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters We will include information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management in the 2026 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The following table provides information generally as of September 30, 2025, the last day of fiscal 2025, regarding securities to  be issued on exercise of stock options, and securities remaining available for issuance under our equity compensation plans that were in effect during fiscal 2025. Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 4,660,751 $ 39.97 4,367,808 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders — — — Total 4,660,751 $ 39.97 4,367,808 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence We will include information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence in the 2026 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP , Kansas City, MO , Auditor Firm ID: 185 . Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 136 Table of C ontents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) (1) and (2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules - All financial statement schedules are filed as part of this report under Item 8 - Financial Statements. (3) Exhibits 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 26, 2020, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and GCAP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 27, 2020). 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 13, 2025, by and among StoneX Group Inc., RTS Merger Sub Inc., RTS Investor Corp. and Westmoor Trail Partners LLC, in its capacity as representative of the Equityholders as set forth therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on April 14, 2025). 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2009). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020). 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to StoneX Group Inc.’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2023). 3.4 Amended and Restated By-laws (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 5, 2024). 4.1 Description of Registrant’s Securities * 4.2 Indenture and Form of 7.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2031 issued thereunder by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee and collateral agent, dated as of March 1, 2024 (incorporated by reference from the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2024). 4.3 Joinder to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2020, by and among the GAIN Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 31, 2020). 4.4 Indenture by and among StoneX Escrow Issuer LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee and collateral agent, dated July 8, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on July 8, 2025). 4.5 Form of 6.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (included in the Indenture of StoneX Group Inc., dated as of July 8, 2025). (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on July 8, 2025). 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2025 to the Indenture by and among StoneX Group Inc. (as successor to StoneX Escrow Issuer LLC), the guarantors party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee and collateral agent, dated July 8, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on July 31, 2025). 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 22, 2002, by and between the Company, and Sean O’Connor (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2002). 10.2 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 6, 2002, by and between the Company and Sean O’Connor (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 10, 2002). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 22, 2002, by and between the Company and John Radziwill (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2002). 10.4 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 6, 2002, by and between the Company and John Radziwill (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 10, 2002). 10.5 Farmers Commodities Corporation Supplemental Nonqualified Pension Plan (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by FCStone Group, Inc. with the SEC on December 9, 2004) + 10.6 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by FCStone Group, Inc. with the SEC on December 30, 2004) 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Gain Capital Holdings Inc.’s Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2020). 10.8 INTL FCStone Inc. 2016 Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed with the SEC on January 15, 2016). + 10.9 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 10.10 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement(incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021). + 137 Table of C ontents 10.11 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 10.12 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Long Term Incentive Performance-Based Cash Compensation Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 10.13 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Executive Performance Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 10.14 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 10, 2025) + 10.15 StoneX Group Inc. Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 10.16 License Agreement, dated August 9, 2007, by and between GAIN Capital Group, LLC and MetaQuotes Software Corp (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2020). 10.17 Restatement Agreement, dated June 3, 2025 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 by and between StoneX Group Inc. (f/k/a INTL FCStone Inc.) as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (Annex A to the Restatement Agreement contains the Amended Credit Agreement, as amended by the Restatement Agreement) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on June 4, 2025). 10.18 Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023). 10.19 Commitment Amount Increase Request, dated December 19, 2022, to the Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023). 10.20 First Amendment dated October 31, 2023, to the Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 24,2023). 10.21 Second Amendment dated October 29, 2024, to the Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report of Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2024). 10.22 Fourth Amendment dated October 28, 2025, to the Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto.* 10.23 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, entered into as of July 28, 2022, by and among StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC), as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022). 10.24 First Amendment and Limited Waiver dated July 29, 2024 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, entered into as of July 28, 2022, by and among StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC), as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report of Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2024). 10.25 Increase Request dated August 5, 2024 to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, entered into as of July 28, 2022, by and among StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC), as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report of Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2024). 10.26 Second Amendment t o Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, entered into as of July 2 9 , 202 5 , by and among StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC), as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent. * 10.27 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, made as of October 9, 2024, by and among StoneX Financial Ltd, as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent. 10.28 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, made as of October 6 , 202 5 , by and among StoneX Financial Ltd, as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent.* 138 Table of C ontents 10.29 Amended and Restated First Amendment entered into as of July 11, 2025 by and among R.J. O’Brien & Associates, LLC, as Borrower , Bank of Hope, as Administrative Agent , and the lenders party thereto (the “ Lenders ”), to the Third Amended and Restated Senior Unsecured Loan Agreement (the “ Senior Unsecured Loan Agreement ”) and the related Addendum thereto (the “ Addendum ”), each dated as of February 28, 2025 (collectively, the “ Loan Agreement ”). This Amendment restated and amends in its entirety that certain First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Senior Unsecured Loan Agreement dated as of May 7, 2025. * 10.30 Employment Agreement, dated February 5, 2025, between StoneX Group Inc. and Sean O’Connor (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 07, 2025). + 10.31 Employment Agreement, dated February 5, 2025, between StoneX Group Inc. and Charles Lyon (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 07, 2025). + 10.32 Employment Agreement, dated March 25, 2022, between StoneX Group Inc. and Philip Smith (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 07, 2025). + 10.33 Employment Agreement, dated March 25, 2022 between StoneX Group Inc. and William Dunaway (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 07, 2025). + 10.34 Employment Agreement, dated March 25, 2022 between StoneX Group Inc. and Mark Maurer (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 07, 2025). + 10.35 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025 by and between StoneX Group Inc. and Sean M. O’Connor (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 07, 2025). + 10.36 StoneX Group Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement - Restricted Performance Stock (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 07, 2025). + 10.37 Support Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2025, by and among the Company and certain RTS stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 14, 2025). 10.38 Supplement No. 1 to Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2025, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company party from time to time thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as first lien agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, as second lien agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as control agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on July 31, 2025). 10.39 Supplement No. 1 to Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2025, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company party from time to time thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as collateral agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on July 31, 2025). 19.1 Insider Trading Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on November 29, 2024). 21.1 List of the Company’s subsidiaries. * 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP * 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a—14(a). * 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a—14(a). * 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ** 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ** 97.1 Compensation Recovery Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K of StoneX Group Inc. filed on November 29, 2024). 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document* 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document* 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document* 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document* 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document* 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)* * Filed as part of this report. ** Furnished herewith. 139 Table of C ontents + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement Schedules and Exhibits Excluded All schedules and exhibits not included are not applicable, not required or would contain information which is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, or the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 140 Table of C ontents Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. StoneX Group Inc. /s/ PHILIP A. SMITH Philip A. Smith Chief Executive Officer Dated: November 28, 2025 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ JOHN RADZIWILL Director and Chairman of the Board November 28, 2025 John Radziwill /s/ SEAN M. O’CONNOR Director and Executive Chairman November 28, 2025 Sean M. O’Connor /s/ PHILIP A. SMITH Chief Executive Officer November 28, 2025 Philip A. Smith (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ ANNABELLE G. BEXIGA Director November 28, 2025 Annabelle G. Bexiga /s/ DIANE L. COOPER Director November 28, 2025 Diane L. Cooper /s/ JOHN M. FOWLER Director November 28, 2025 John M. Fowler /s/ STEVEN KASS Director November 28, 2025 Steven Kass /s/ ERIC PARTHEMORE Director November 28, 2025 Eric Parthemore /s/ DHAMU THAMODARAN Director November 28, 2025 Dhamu Thamodaran /s/ WILLIAM J. DUNAWAY Chief Financial Officer November 28, 2025 William J. Dunaway (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 141

