TICKER: SOUN
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain restrictions, import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on SoundHound’s ability to sell its products in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance; • increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; • restrictions or taxes on the transfer of funds; • adverse tax consequences; and • unstable economic and political conditions and potential accompanying shifts in laws and regulations. These risks could harm SoundHound’s international operations, increase its operating costs and hinder its ability to grow its international business and, consequently, its overall business and results of operations. In addition, compliance with laws and regulations applicable to SoundHound’s international operations increases its cost of doing business outside the United States. SoundHound may be unable to keep current with changes in foreign government requirements and laws as they change from time to time, which often occurs with minimal or no advance notice. Failure to comply with these regulations could harm its business. In many countries outside the United States, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by SoundHound’s internal policies and procedures or United States or international regulations applicable to it. Although SoundHound has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and policies, there can be no assurance that all of its employees, contractors, strategic partners and agents will comply with these laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by SoundHound’s employees, contractors, strategic partners or agents could result in delays in revenue recognition, financial reporting misstatements, fines, delays in filing financial reports required as a public company, penalties, or prohibitions on selling its products, any of which could harm its business. Tax matters may cause significant variability in SoundHound’s operating results and may impact its overall financial condition. SoundHound’s businesses are subject to income taxation in the United States, as well as in many tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Tax rates in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. If SoundHound’s effective tax rate increases, its operating results and cash flow could be adversely affected. SoundHound's effective income tax rate can vary significantly between periods due to a number of complex factors including: • projected levels of taxable income; • pre-tax income being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory rates or higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory rates; • increases or decreases to valuation allowances recorded against deferred tax assets; • tax audits conducted and settled by various tax authorities; • adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of income tax returns; • the ability to claim foreign tax credits; • the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which SoundHound has not previously provided for income taxes; and • changes in tax laws and their interpretations in countries in which SoundHound is subject to taxation. SoundHound regularly evaluates the need for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax 23 Table of Contents planning strategies. This analysis is heavily dependent upon SoundHound’s current and projected operating results. A decline in future operating results could provide substantial evidence that a full or partial valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is necessary. This could have a material adverse effect on SoundHound’s results of operations and financial condition. Forecasts of SoundHound’s market and market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which it competes achieve the forecasted growth, there can be no assurance that its business will grow at similar rates, or at all. Growth forecasts described in this Annual Report relating to SoundHound’s market opportunities, including in the Voice AI market and adjacent markets, and the expected growth thereof, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates which may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets meet its size estimate and experience the forecasted growth, it may not grow its business at a similar rate, or at all. Its growth is subject to many factors, including its success in implementing its business strategy and ability to penetrate adjacent markets, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the forecasts of market growth included in this Annual Report should not be taken as indicative of its future growth. If SoundHound is unable to acquire new customers, its operating results will be harmed. Likewise, potential customer turnover in the future, or costs it incurs to retain its existing customers, could materially and adversely affect its operating results. SoundHound’s success depends on its ability to acquire new customers in new and existing verticals, and in new and existing geographic markets. If SoundHound is unable to attract a sufficient number of new customers, it may be unable to reduce gross margins at desired rates and its operating results may suffer. The Voice AI market is competitive and many of SoundHound’s competitors have substantial financial, personnel and other resources that they utilize to develop solutions and attract customers. As a result, it may be difficult for us to add new customers to SoundHound’s existing customer base. Competition in the marketplace may also lead us to win fewer new customers or result in us providing discounts and other commercial incentives. Additional factors that impact SoundHound’s ability to acquire new customers include the perceived need for Voice AI -enabled products or Voice AI services, the size of prospective customers’ budgets for Voice AI, the utility and efficacy of SoundHound’s existing and new products, whether proven or perceived, and general economic conditions. These factors may have a meaningful negative impact on operating results. If SoundHound does not successfully anticipate market needs, enhance its existing products, execute on delivering quality products and services, or develop new products and services that meet those needs on a timely basis, it may not be able to compete effectively and its ability to generate revenues will suffer. SoundHound cannot guarantee that it will be able to anticipate future market needs and opportunities or be able to develop product and service enhancements or new products and services to meet such needs or opportunities in a timely manner, if at all. Even if SoundHound is able to anticipate, develop and commercially introduce enhancements and new products and services, there can be no assurance that enhancements or new products and services will achieve widespread market acceptance. New products, as well as enhancements to its existing products, could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: • delays in releasing new products, or product enhancements; • failure to accurately predict market demand and to supply products that meet this demand in a timely fashion; • defects in its products, errors or failures of its products; • negative publicity or perceptions about the performance or effectiveness of products; • introduction or anticipated introduction of competing products or technologies by its competitors; and • installation, configuration or usage errors by its customers. 24 Table of Contents If SoundHound fails to anticipate market requirements or fail to develop and introduce product enhancements or new products to meet those needs in a timely manner, it could cause us to lose existing customers and prevent us from gaining new customers, which would significantly harm its business, financial condition and results of operations. If SoundHound spends significant time and effort on research and development and is unable to generate an adequate return on its investment, its results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. SoundHound’s business model is predicated, in part, on maintaining a customer base that will generate a recurring stream of revenues. If that recurring stream of revenues is not maintained or does not increase as expected, or if SoundHound’s business model changes as the industry evolves, its operating results may be adversely affected. SoundHound’s business model is dependent, in part, on its ability to maintain and increase a customer base that generates recurring revenues. Existing and future customers of SoundHound’s products, technologies and systems may not purchase its subscriptions for its proprietary products or enter into service contracts with SoundHound at the same rate at which customers currently purchase those subscriptions or enter into service contracts with us. If SoundHound’s current and future customers purchase a lower volume of subscriptions for SoundHound’s proprietary products or do not continue entering into service contracts with us, SoundHound’s recurring revenue stream relative to its total revenues would be reduced and its operating results would be adversely affected. SoundHound’s brand, reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve its customers are dependent in part upon the reliable performance of its products and technologies. If SoundHound is unable to maintain and enhance its brand or reputation as an industry leader, its operating results may be adversely affected. SoundHound’s brand, reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve its customers are dependent in part upon the reliable performance of, and the ability of its existing customers and new customers to access and use, its solutions, including real-time analytics and intelligence. Interruptions in SoundHound’s systems or the third-party systems on which SoundHound and its products rely, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or other factors, could affect the security or availability of our products, network infrastructure, cloud infrastructure and website. Problems with the reliability or security of SoundHound’s systems could harm its reputation. Damage to SoundHound’s reputation and the cost of remedying these problems could negatively affect its business, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, SoundHound’s third-party hosting suppliers in certain instances may have no obligations to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and certain of the agreements governing these relationships may be terminated by either party at any time. If SoundHound is unable to maintain, renew, or expand its agreements with these providers on commercially reasonable terms, it may experience costs or downtime as it transitions its operations. Any disruptions or other performance problems with its products could harm SoundHound’s reputation and business and may damage its customers’ businesses. Interruptions in its service delivery might reduce SoundHound’s revenue, cause SoundHound to issue credits to customers, subject us to potential liability and cause customers not to renew their subscription purchases of its products, which eventually adversely affected SoundHound's operating results. We may engage in future acquisitions or strategic transactions which may require us to seek additional financing or financial commitments, increase our expenses and/or present significant distractions to our management. We completed our acquisitions of Synq3, Inc. ("SYNQ3") in January 2024, Amelia Holdings, Inc. ("Amelia") in August 2024, and Interactions Corporation ("Interactions") in September 2025, and we continue to actively evaluate opportunities to grow and enhance our business and technologies. We have incurred certain significant costs relating to the SYNQ3, Amelia and Interactions acquisitions, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory and other professional services fees, as well as other customary payments. In the event we engage in an acquisition or other strategic transaction, including by making an investment in another company, we may need to acquire additional financing. Obtaining financing through the issuance or sale of additional equity and/or debt securities, if possible, may not be at favorable terms and may result in additional dilution to our current stockholders. Additionally, any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, an acquisition 25 Table of Contents or strategic transaction, may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including the risks outlined above and additionally: • exposure to unknown financial or product liabilities; • disruption of our business and diversion of our management's time and attention in order to develop acquired products or technologies; • higher than expected acquisition and integration costs; • write-downs of assets or goodwill or impairment charges; • increased amortization expenses; • difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel which may result in reorganizations and reductions in force; • impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and • inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any transactions that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If intangible assets and goodwill that we recorded in connection with our acquisitions, including our SYNQ3, Amelia, and Interactions acquisitions, become impaired, we may have to take significant charges against earnings, which would have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We record goodwill and intangible assets at fair value upon the acquisition of a business. Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill have been impaired. Intangible assets and goodwill will be assessed for impairment in the event of an impairment indicator. Any reduction or impairment of the value of intangible assets and goodwill will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and stockholders’ equity in future periods. Our acquisitions expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, and we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies. As a part of our growth strategy, we have made and may continue to make selected acquisitions of complementary products and/or businesses. Any acquisition involves numerous risks and operational, financial, and managerial challenges, including the following, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations: • difficulties in integrating new operations, technologies, products, and personnel; • problems maintaining uniform procedures, controls and policies with respect to our financial accounting systems; • lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies and cost-savings; • difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations, including risks associated with entering foreign markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; • underperformance of any acquired technology, product, or business relative to our expectations and the price we paid; 26 Table of Contents • negative near-term impacts on financial results after an acquisition, including acquisition-related earnings charges and contingent acquisition liabilities related to earnout payments or otherwise; • the potential loss of key employees, customers, and strategic partners of acquired companies; • claims by terminated employees and shareholders of acquired companies or other third parties related to the transaction; • the assumption or incurrence of additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial portions of our cash; • the issuance of equity securities to finance or as consideration for any acquisitions that dilute the ownership of our stockholders (which in the case of certain of our prior acquisitions were significant); • the issuance of equity securities to finance or as consideration for any acquisitions may not be an option if the price of our common stock is low or volatile which could preclude us from completing any such acquisitions; • diversion of management’s attention and company resources from existing operations of the business; • inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies; • the impairment of intangible assets as a result of technological advancements, or worse-than-expected performance of acquired companies; • assumption of, or exposure to, historical liabilities of the acquired business, including unknown contingent or similar liabilities, including product liability, that are difficult to identify or accurately quantify; and • risks associated with acquiring intellectual property, including potential disputes regarding acquired companies’ intellectual property. In addition, the successful integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts and expense across all operational areas, including sales and marketing, research and development, finance, legal, and information technologies. There can be no assurance that any of the acquisitions we may make will be successful or will be, or will remain, profitable or accretive. Our failure to successfully address the foregoing risks may prevent us from achieving the anticipated benefits from any acquisition in a reasonable time frame, or at all. The integration of our acquisitions, and in particular, our acquisition of SYNQ3, Amelia, and Interactions, may result in significant accounting charges that adversely affect the financial results of our company. The financial results of our company may be adversely affected by cash expenses and non-cash accounting charges incurred in connection with our acquisitions. In addition to the anticipated cash charges, costs associated with the amortization of intangible assets are expected. The price of our common stock could decline to the extent our financial results are materially affected by the foregoing charges or if the foregoing charges are larger than anticipated. Our acquisitions may result in unexpected consequences to our business and results of operations. Although we believe that our recently acquired businesses will generally be subject to risks similar to those to which we are subject to in our existing operations, we may not have discovered all risks applicable to these businesses during the due diligence process. Some of these risks could produce unexpected and unwanted consequences for us. Undiscovered risks may result in us incurring financial liabilities, which could be material and have a negative impact on our business operations. Failure to realize the benefits expected from our recent acquisitions could adversely affect the value of our common stock. The success of our recent acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to: • integrate SYNQ3, Amelia, and Interactions' customer bases and capitalize on our cross-selling opportunities; 27 Table of Contents • realize cost savings from reduced back-office and infrastructure expenses, eliminate duplicative company and management structure costs; • operate our combined businesses efficiently, achieve the strategic operating objectives for our business and realize significant cost savings and synergies; • realize the attractive risk-adjusted equity returns from our acquisitions for our stockholders; and • capitalize on the embedded and/or underexploited expansion opportunities offered by our acquisitions that we can expand upon. However, to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions we must successfully integrate their businesses in a manner that permits those benefits and cost savings to be realized. Although we expect benefits to result from these acquisitions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully realize these benefits. The challenges involved in this integration will be complex and time consuming and may require a disproportionate amount of resources and management attention and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of each company’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, and policies that could adversely impact our operations. If we do not successfully manage these and related issues and challenges, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and our revenue, expenses, operating results, financial condition and stock price could be materially adversely affected. SoundHound has generated substantial net losses and negative operating cash flows since its inception and may continue to do so for the foreseeable future. To date, SoundHound has generated substantial net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. SoundHound will likely continue to have net losses and negative operating cash flows as SoundHound continues to invest in its development activities, and in sales and marketing. SoundHound also expects to continue to incur the incremental costs of operating as a public company, contributing to SoundHound’s losses and operating uses of cash. SoundHound’s costs may also increase due to such factors as higher than anticipated financing and other costs; increases in the costs of labor or infrastructure, in particular following the implementation of the restructuring plan; and major incidents or catastrophic events. If any of these or similar factors occur, SoundHound’s net losses and accumulated deficit could increase significantly and the price of shares of its common stock could decline. SoundHound may require additional capital to continue its planned business operations but may not be able to obtain such capital when desired on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to its stockholders. Even though the total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on hand as of December 31, 2025 was $248.5 million, we have had negative cash flows from operations of $98.2 million, $108.9 million and $68.3 million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Accordingly, SoundHound may require additional capital to continue its planned business operations. SoundHound anticipates that current cash, cash equivalents, cash provided by operating activities and funds available through SoundHound’s at-the-market offering program ("ATM"), will not be sufficient to meet its long-term expected future capital needs. SoundHound will need additional financing to execute on its current or future business strategies, including to: • potentially hire additional software engineers, sales and marketing professionals, and other personnel as needed following implementation of the restructuring plan; • develop new or enhance existing products and services; • enhance SoundHound’s operating infrastructure; • acquire complementary businesses or technologies; or • otherwise respond to competitive pressures. If SoundHound raises additional funds through the issuance of equity, including its ATM program, or convertible debt securities, or grants competitive equity awards to attract and retain qualified employees, the percentage ownership of its stockholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges 28 Table of Contents senior to those of existing stockholders, including those acquiring shares in this offering. SoundHound cannot assure you that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to SoundHound, or at all, particularly in light of inflationary pressures and resulting increases in the cost of borrowing. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, SoundHound’s ability to fund its operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance its products, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. The loss of one or more key members of SoundHound’s management team or personnel, or its failure to attract, integrate and retain additional personnel in the future, could harm its business and negatively affect its ability to successfully grow its business. SoundHound is highly dependent upon the continued service and performance of the key members of SoundHound’s management team and other personnel. The loss of any of these individuals, each of whom is “at will” and may terminate his or her employment relationship with us at any time, could disrupt SoundHound’s operations and significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. Additionally, if any of SoundHound’s key management team members or other employees were to leave, SoundHound could face substantial difficulty in hiring qualified successors, particularly with consideration to our recent reduction in force related to our restructuring plan and could experience a loss in productivity while any successor obtains the necessary training and experience. Although SoundHound has arrangements with some of its executive officers designed to promote retention, its employment relationships are generally at-will and SoundHound has had key employees leave in the past. SoundHound cannot assure you that one or more key employees will not leave in the future. SoundHound intends to continue to hire additional highly qualified personnel, including research and development and operational personnel, as needed (with consideration to our restructuring plan) but may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future or may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. Any failure to attract, integrate, motivate and retain such employees could harm SoundHound’s business or impair our ability to timely meet business goals and objectives. The Company has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future, which may result in material misstatements of the Company’s consolidated financial statements or cause the Company to fail to meet its periodic reporting obligations and the trading price of the Company's stock could be negatively affected. As a public company, we are required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to SEC rules and regulations, our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. Annually, we perform activities that include reviewing, documenting and testing our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, we will not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. This could result in significant expenses to remediate any internal control deficiencies and lead to a decline in our stock price. We identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. These material weaknesses were previously disclosed and continue to exist. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company did not maintain an effective control environment as it lacked sufficient oversight of activities related to its internal control over financial reporting due to a lack of an appropriate level of experience and training commensurate with its financial reporting requirements. Further, due to rapid business growth, changes to existing controls or the implementation of new controls have not been sufficient to respond to changes to the risks of material misstatement to 29 Table of Contents financial reporting, which resulted in the Company not designing and maintaining effective controls related to substantially all accounts and disclosures. These material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses that continue to exist as of December 31, 2025: • The Company did not design and maintain effective controls related to the identification of and accounting for certain non-routine, unusual or complex transactions, including the accounting for complex financing transactions. • The Company did not design and maintain effective controls to verify appropriate segregation of duties, including assessment of incompatible duties, identification of instances where incompatible duties were assigned to an individual, and addressing conflicts on a timely basis. The material weaknesses related to the control environment, risk assessment and the accounting for certain non-routine, unusual or complex transactions resulted in the revision of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the periods ended September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022, March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and immaterial errors in various accounts during the interim and annual periods during 2023, 2024 and 2025. The material weakness related to segregation of duties did not result in a misstatement to our annual or interim consolidated financial statements. Additionally, the material weaknesses could result in misstatements to substantially all of our accounts and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary to provide reliable financial reports and to assist in the effective prevention or detection of material misstatements due to error or fraud. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports or prevent or detect material misstatements due to error or fraud could harm our business. We regularly review and update our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies. In addition, we are required under the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding compliance with SOX to report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Any system of internal controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. While we are in the process of addressing the material weaknesses as disclosed herein, elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations or may lose confidence in our reported financial information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis as required by the SEC and The NASDAQ Stock Market, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. In either case, it could result in a material adverse effect on our business or have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Further, if we fail to remedy these deficiencies (or any other future deficiencies) or maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties or stockholder litigation. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weaknesses identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of our financial statements will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of those controls. Further, in the future, if we cannot conclude that we have effective internal control over our financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified opinion regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could lead to a decline in our stock price. Natural disasters, health epidemics, or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, commerce and the global economy, and have a negative effect on our business and operations. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, wildfire, flood, hurricane or significant power outage or other similar events, such as infectious disease outbreaks or pandemic events, could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results, by impacting, among other things, the demand for our services, our ability to achieve or maintain profitability and our ability to raise additional capital in the future. Our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area of California, a region known for seismic and wildfire activities. Customer data could be lost, significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected in the event of a major natural disaster or catastrophic event. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our 30 Table of Contents customers, could decrease demand for our services, and could cause us to incur substantial expense. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses or additional expenses that we may sustain. In addition, the impacts of climate change on the global economy and our industry are rapidly evolving. We may be subject to increased regulations, reporting requirements, standards or expectations regarding the environmental impacts of our business. Although SoundHound is not directly impacted by the tariffs as a software-as-a-service ("SaaS") provider, SoundHound’s business or stock price may be adversely affected by the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers and retaliatory countermeasures on our customers implemented by the U.S. and other governments. In 2025, there have been significant changes to U.S. trade policies, sanctions, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including, but not limited to, trade policies and tariffs affecting products from outside of the U.S. For example, in early April, 2025, the current U.S. presidential administration announced significant new tariffs on foreign imports into the U.S. from about 90 nations. Although SoundHound is not directly impacted by the tariffs as a SaaS provider, the extent and duration of increased tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business partners are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, and exemptions or exclusions that may be granted. Any new or additional tariffs on goods imported to the U.S. could eventually impact the demand of our products and services from our business partners or our pricing strategy. Additionally, U.S. policy changes and uncertainty about such changes could increase market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may ultimately increase the unpredictability of our business or stock price. Risks Relating to SoundHound’s Intellectual Property and Technology SoundHound’s use of open source technology could impose limitations on its ability to commercialize its software. SoundHound uses open source technology in some of its software and expect to continue to use open source technology in the future. Although we monitor its use of open source technology to avoid subjecting its software to conditions SoundHound does not intend, we may face allegations from others alleging ownership of, or seeking to enforce the terms of, an open source license, including by demanding release of the open source software, derivative works, or SoundHound’s proprietary source code that was developed using such technology. These allegations could also result in litigation. The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts. There is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on SoundHound’s ability to commercialize its software. In such an event, we may be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue commercially offering its software, to make its proprietary code generally available in source code form, to re-engineer its software or to discontinue the sale of its software if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, any of which could adversely affect SoundHound’s business and revenue. The use of open source technology could subject SoundHound to a number of other risks and challenges. Certain open source technology is subject to further development or modification by anyone. Others may develop such software to be competitive with or no longer useful by us. It is also possible for competitors to develop their own solutions using open source software, potentially reducing the demand for SoundHound’s software. If SoundHound is unable to successfully address these challenges, its operating results may be adversely affected, and its development costs may increase . Third parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future that SoundHound is infringing their intellectual property, and we could be exposed to significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling SoundHound’s products or making its technologies available to its customers if such claims are successful. SoundHound has been, is currently and in the future may be subject to claims and legal actions alleging that we or its customers may be infringing or contributing to the infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. For example, on November 21, 2024, VB Assets, LLC, a non-practicing entity, filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. § 271.  See “Legal Proceedings” for more information. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of its technologies and products. If it appears necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses for these intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses from some or all claimants, the terms of any offered licenses may not be acceptable to us, and we may not be able to resolve disputes without litigation. Any litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of SoundHound’s management and key personnel from its business operations. Intellectual property disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from licensing certain of its products, cause severe disruptions to its operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification 31 Table of Contents commitments with its customers including contractual provisions under various arrangements. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of SoundHound’s confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. For example, during the course of this kind of litigation, confidential information may be inadvertently disclosed in the form of documents or testimony in connection with discovery requests, depositions or trial testimony. This disclosure could have a material adverse effect on SoundHound’s business and its financial results. Any of these could seriously harm SoundHound’s business. Unauthorized use of SoundHound’s proprietary technology and intellectual property could adversely affect its business and results of operations. SoundHound’s success and competitive position depend in large part on its ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property rights protecting its products and technologies. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect SoundHound’s intellectual property and proprietary rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or discover aspects of SoundHound’s products or to obtain, license, sell or otherwise use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of SoundHound’s products is difficult and we may not be able to protect its technology from unauthorized use. Additionally, SoundHound’s competitors may independently develop technologies that are substantially the same or superior to its technologies and that do not infringe its rights. In these cases, we would be unable to prevent its competitors from selling or licensing these similar or superior technologies. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect SoundHound’s proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Although the source code for SoundHound’s proprietary software is protected both as a trade secret and as a copyrighted work, litigation may be necessary to enforce its intellectual property rights, to protect its trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Litigation, regardless of the outcome, can be very expensive and can divert management’s efforts. SoundHound’s software products may have bugs, which could result in delayed or lost revenue, expensive correction, liability to its customers and claims against us. Complex software products such as SoundHound's may contain errors, defects or bugs. Defects in the solutions or products that we develop and sell to its customers could require expensive corrections and result in delayed or lost revenue, adverse customer reaction and negative publicity about us or SoundHound’s products and technologies. Customers who are not satisfied with any of SoundHound’s products may also bring claims against us for damages, which, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming to defend, and could result in costly litigation and payment of damages. Such claims could harm SoundHound’s reputation, financial results and competitive position. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to changes in technology and technological risks and to develop its intellectual property into commercially viable products. Changes in legislative, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of SoundHound’s products obsolete or less attractive to its customers, which could adversely affect its results of operations. SoundHound’s ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis will be a significant factor in its ability to be competitive. There is a risk that we will not be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to be competitive or that certain of its products will become obsolete. SoundHound is also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of products to operate properly. These risks could have a material adverse effect on SoundHound’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 32 Table of Contents Risks Related to SoundHound’s Class A Common Stock and the Securities Market SoundHound’s stock price and trading volume has fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. The market price and trading volume of SoundHound’s Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (“Class A Common Stock”) has fluctuated widely and may continue to fluctuate widely, depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations due to factors related to our business; • success or failure of our business strategies; • competition and industry capacity; • changes in interest rates and other factors that affect earnings and cash flow; • our level of indebtedness, our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness and our ability to obtain financing as needed; • our ability to retain and recruit qualified personnel, particularly in light of our recent restructuring; • our quarterly or annual earnings or losses, or those of other companies in our industry; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; • changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; • significant purchases or sales of our Class A Common Stock by large or influential investors or stockholders; • the failure of securities analysts to cover, or positively cover, our Class A Common Stock; • changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; • the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; • investor perception of the Company and the AI industry; • overall market fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance; • results from any material litigation or government investigation; • changes in laws and regulations (including tax laws and regulations) affecting our business; • changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and • general economic conditions and other external factors. Low trading volume for SoundHound’s Class A Common Stock would amplify the effect of the above factors on stock price volatility. In addition, over the last few years, the stock market more broadly has experienced price and volume fluctuations, including due to factors relating to the outbreak of COVID-19, inflationary pressures, the wars in Ukraine and in the Middle East and the imposition and/or threat of tariffs, and this volatility has sometimes been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result, there is a potential for rapid and substantial decreases in the price of our Class A Common Stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. This market and share price volatility relating to these outside effects, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, has and could further reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock in spite of our operating performance and could also 33 Table of Contents increase our cost of capital, which could prevent us from accessing debt and equity capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, a proportion of our Class A Common Stock may be traded by short sellers which may put pressure on the supply and demand for our Class A Common Stock, creating further price volatility. In particular, a possible “short squeeze” due to a sudden increase in demand of our Class A Common Stock that largely exceeds supply may lead to sudden extreme price volatility in our Class A Common Stock. Investors may purchase our Class A Common Stock to hedge existing exposure in our Class A Common Stock or to speculate on the price of our Class A Common Stock. Speculation on the price of our Class A Common Stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares of Class A Common Stock available for purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase our Class A Common Stock for delivery to lenders of our Class A Common Stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price of our Class A Common Stock until investors with short exposure are able to purchase additional shares to cover their short position. This is often referred to as a “short squeeze.” Following such a short squeeze, once investors purchase the shares necessary to cover their short position, the price of our Class A Common Stock may rapidly decline. A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in our shares that are not directly correlated to the performance or prospects of our company and could cause purchasers of our Class A Common Stock to incur substantial losses. Should the market price of our shares drop significantly, stockholders may institute securities class action lawsuits against us. A lawsuit against SoundHound could cause SoundHound to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of its management and other resources. We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders falls within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our business and covenants associated with debt obligations, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. We do not intend to and there can be no assurance that we will pay any dividend in the future. The requirements of being a public company may strain SoundHound’s resources and divert management’s attention, and the increases in legal, accounting and compliance expenses may be greater than SoundHound anticipates. As a public company and a large accelerated filer, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that SoundHound did not incur as a private company. SoundHound is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and is required to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq, including changes in corporate governance practices and the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules and regulations can be burdensome. SoundHound’s management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased, and will continue to increase, SoundHound’s historical legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, SoundHound has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. SoundHound has hired and will continue to need to hire additional accounting and financial staff, including as a result of our acquisitions in 2024, and engage outside consultants, all with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and maintain an internal audit function, which has and will increase its operating expenses. Moreover, SoundHound could incur additional compensation costs in the event that it decides to pay cash compensation closer to that of other publicly listed companies, which would increase its general and administrative expenses and could materially and adversely affect its profitability. SoundHound will evaluate these rules and regulations, and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs SoundHound may incur or the timing of such costs. SoundHound may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal control over financial reporting required of public companies. SoundHound’s management will need to continually assess its staffing and training procedures to improve its internal control over financial reporting. For example, SoundHound did not timely file its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and had to file extensions for its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 and its Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. Unless the matters discussed in this risk factor and elsewhere in this Annual Report are 34 Table of Contents mitigated, the risk exists that SoundHound may not be able to file timely in the future. Further, the development, implementation, documentation and assessment of appropriate processes, in addition to the need to remediate any potential deficiencies, will require substantial time and attention from management. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that SoundHound will be required to expand its employee base and hire additional employees to support its operations as a public company which will increase our operating costs in future periods. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, are subject to varying interpretations, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. SoundHound intends to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events would also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on committees of our board of directors or as members of senior management. Risks Applicable to a Dual Class Common Stock Structure SoundHound has a dual class common stock structure that has the effect of concentrating voting control with the holders of our Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (“Class B Common Stock”). Our Class B Common Stock has multiple votes per share and this ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transactions requiring stockholder approval, and that may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A Common stock. SoundHound has a dual class common stock structure and the holders of SoundHound Class B Common Stock have ten votes per share. SoundHound's founders (Keyvan Mohajer, Majid Emami and James Hom) own shares of Class B Common Stock representing approximately 47% of the voting power of the outstanding capital stock of SoundHound as of December 31, 2025. In addition, because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A Common Stock, holders of our Class B Common Stock could continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval until such time, if any, as a sufficient number of shares of our Class B Common Stock are converted into shares of our Class A Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the "Restated Charter"). This concentrated control may limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions requiring stockholder approval. In addition, this concentrated control may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. As a result, such concentrated control may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. Shares of Class B Common Stock are convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock and will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock upon the occurrence of certain future events, generally including transfers, subject to limited excepts set forth in the Restated Charter. The conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B Common Stock who retain their shares in the long term. As a result, it is possible that one or more of the persons or entities holding our Class B Common Stock could gain significant voting control as other holders of Class B Common Stock sell or otherwise convert their shares into Class A Common Stock. 35 Table of Contents The Restated Charter provides for a dual-class multiple voting Common Stock structure, and we cannot predict the effect this structure of our common stock may have on the market price of our Class A Common Stock. We cannot predict whether having an Restated Charter that permits the issuance of multiple voting shares in a dual-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A Common Stock, adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced and implemented restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell announced that it would require new constituents of its indices to have greater than 5% of the company’s voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, and S&P Dow Jones announced that it would no longer admit companies with multiple-class share structures to certain of its indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S&P Composite 1500. Also in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on its treatment of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from certain of its indices; however, in October 2018, MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities “with unequal voting structures” in its indices and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. Under such announced and implemented policies, the dual-class structure of our common stock would make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices would not invest in our Class A Common Stock. These policies are relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may adversely affect valuations, as compared to similar companies that are included. Due to the dual-class structure of our common stock, we will likely be excluded from certain indices and we cannot assure you that other stock indices will not take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. Delaware law and provisions in our charter documents could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our common stock. The Restated Charter, Amended & Restated Bylaws of the Company (the "Amended Bylaws"), and Delaware law contain provisions that could depress the trading price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control of SoundHound or changes in SoundHound that our management or stockholders may deem advantageous. Among other things, the Restated Charter and Amended Bylaws include the following provisions: • permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; • authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; • eliminates the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders, except to the extent otherwise provided in the Amended Bylaws; • prohibit stockholder action by written consent, except to the extent otherwise provided in the Amended Bylaws, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; • provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our Amended Bylaws; and • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law. Any provision of our Restated Charter, our Amended Bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 36 Table of Contents Risks Related to U.S. and International Taxation Generally Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect SoundHound’s future profitability. Factors that could materially affect SoundHound’s future effective tax rates include but are not limited to: • changes in tax laws or the regulatory environment; • changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; • changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction; and • SoundHound’s operating results before taxes. Because SoundHound does not have a long history of operating at its present scale and it has significant expansion plans, SoundHound’s effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future. Future effective tax rates could be affected by operating losses in jurisdictions where no tax benefit can be recorded under GAAP, changes in the composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Act”), was signed into law making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In particular, sweeping changes were made to the U.S. taxation of foreign operations. Changes include, but are not limited to, a permanent reduction to the corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions, including a new minimum tax on global intangible low-taxed income and base erosion and anti-abuse tax. The legislation has had no effect on SoundHound’s provision for income taxes because SoundHound has incurred annual losses in the U.S. to date and management set up a full valuation allowance against its U.S. federal and states deferred tax assets. On July 4, 2025, the United States enacted tax reform legislation through the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. Included in this legislation are provisions that allow for the immediate expensing of domestic United States research and development expenses, immediate expensing of certain capital expenditures, and other changes to the U.S. taxation of profits derived from foreign operations. We do not expect that the enactment of the legislation will lead to a significant change of our tax expense during 2025, primarily due to our taxable loss position and the full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets in the US jurisdiction. The Company continues to evaluate the impact the new legislation will have on our annual or interim consolidated financial statements. In addition to the impact of the Tax Act on SoundHound’s federal taxes, the Tax Act may impact its taxation in other jurisdictions, including with respect to state income taxes. State legislatures have not had sufficient time to respond to the Tax Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to how the laws will apply in the various state jurisdictions. Additionally, other foreign governing bodies may enact changes to their tax laws that could result in changes to SoundHound’s global tax position and materially adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the IRS and several foreign tax authorities have increasingly focused attention on intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of products and technologies and the use of intangibles. Tax authorities could disagree with SoundHound’s future intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes. If SoundHound does not prevail in any such disagreements, its profitability may be affected. SoundHound’s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. As of December 31, 2025, SoundHound had $892.9 million of U.S. federal and $379.7 million of state net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will start to expire in 2026 with the exception of $691.0 million federal net operating loss carryforwards and $18.5 million state net operating loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward indefinitely. It is possible that SoundHound will not generate taxable income in time to use these net operating loss carryforwards before their expiration or at all. Under legislative changes made in December 2017, U.S. federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 and in future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating losses is limited. In addition, the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credits may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code, respectively, and similar provisions of state law. Under those sections of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change,” the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss 37 Table of Contents carryforwards and other pre-change attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income or tax may be limited. In general, an “ownership change” will occur if there is a cumulative change in SoundHound’s ownership by “5-percent stockholders” that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. In addition, certain U.S. states have imposed additional limitations on the use of net operating loss carryforwards not otherwise imposed on the use of U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards and may impose additional limitations in the future. Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and other jurisdictions, and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: • changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; • expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; • tax effects of stock-based compensation; • costs related to intercompany restructurings; • changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or • lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 38 Table of Contents Item 1C. Cybersecurity SoundHound acknowledges the increasing importance of cybersecurity in its operations and recognizes the potential risks and threats associated with cyber incidents. The Company is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its information systems and data. However, no system can be completely immune to cyber threats. We face a number of cybersecurity risks in connection with our business. To date, such risks have not materially affected our business, including threats to and breaches of our data systems, malware and computer virus attacks. Risk Management and Strategy The following information provides an overview of our approach to managing cybersecurity risks. The Company assesses, identifies and manages cybersecurity related risks. Cybersecurity related risks are continuously evaluated to assess top risks to the enterprise. SoundHound has implemented a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to identify, assess, and manage cyber risks. This program includes, but is not limited to: • Regular risk assessments and vulnerability assessments. • Implementation of industry-accepted cybersecurity controls and best practices. • Employee training and awareness programs to enhance the company's overall cybersecurity posture. • Continuous monitoring and incident response plans to detect and mitigate potential threats promptly. We have a set of Company-wide policies and procedures concerning cybersecurity matters, such as policies related to encryption standards, antivirus protection, remote access, multi factor authentication, confidential information and the use of the internet, social media, email and wireless devices. These policies go through an annual internal review process and are approved by appropriate members of management. We have continued to expand investments in our overall security posture, including additional end-user training, using defense in depth, identifying and protecting critical assets, strengthening monitoring and alerting, and engaging experts. We regularly test our defenses through simulations, both at the technical level and through reviews of our operational policies and procedures. We review our operational policies and procedures with third-party experts as part of our annual audit process. We also maintain cyber insurance coverage. In addition to assessing our own cybersecurity preparedness, we also consider and evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with use of third-party service providers. We conduct an annual review of third-party hosted applications with a specific focus on any sensitive data. We perform user access reviews on all third-party applications. We obtain compliance reports, such as SOC 1 and SOC 2, from all critical third-party

--- VENDORS ---
vendors” (meaning long-time Voice-AI industry participants with older technologies). Voice AI offerings from big tech companies are primarily an extension of their services. In many cases, rather than strengthening or interacting with the host product, big tech offerings tend to take over the entire product experience, thus “hijacking” the company’s brand, users, and data. As a result, brands relying on big tech Voice AI frequently experience decreased ability to innovate, differentiate, and customize the way that their products interact with Voice AI platforms and/or end users. In some cases, these big tech Voice AI providers even compete with the customers whose products their technologies support, making them increasingly less attractive as a choice for a voice interface. The Voice AI market currently also includes “legacy vendors,” a number of whom we believe offer dated technologies. Furthermore, in many cases, legacy vendor technologies still require significant effort by product creators to turn legacy AI product offerings into solutions that can compete with the quality of Voice AI products currently offered by big tech companies, which is oftentimes neither economical nor practical. Due to the high barrier to entry in Voice AI, the number of full solution platform providers is very limited. In our view, it takes many years and significant investment to build all the components of Voice AI. It then takes further time and resources to make the solutions competitive, mature, and viable for adoption. Finally, it requires significant investment to globalize the solution in multiple languages and regions. Although the number of platforms is limited, we note that the big tech players have significant resources. Against this landscape, SoundHound has achieved its successes to date through technology innovation, business model innovation, and global alliances that we believe make us well-positioned to continue to grow and execute our business plan. With the popularization of Generative AI and Large Language Models in early 2023, we view this as an inflection point for Conversational AI, with a clear intersection between technology readiness and subsequent demand and adoption. Such intersections are rare, and SoundHound is in a unique position to create tremendous value. With the launch of Amelia 7 platform in 2025, our AI agent orchestration platform brings new capabilities into the vehicle, enabling multiple agents to carry out tasks and transactions on behalf of the driver – from the company’s own voice commerce agents that allow food ordering and reservations with top restaurant brands, to external agents that will allow users to check email or adjust their schedules. We believe the impact of Generative AI and Large Language Models to the field of Conversational AI is similar to the impact of Deep Neural Networks to Machine Learning: Better quality models can be created faster and with fewer tedious engineering requirements. And we view the market impact of this to be transformative, similar to the mobile ecosystem disruption of the last decade. Fast movers like us will create tremendous value. 6 Table of Contents We view the current environment as an opportunity to provide disruptive technologies with capabilities we believe are superior to existing alternatives, allowing customers to maintain their brand, control the user experience, get access to the data, and define their own privacy policies, while being able to customize, differentiate, innovate, and monetize. Revenue Model Market Momentum Our entry into the Voice AI space began with 10 years of constant innovation in “stealth” building disruptive technologies in Voice AI using innovative approaches. Our goal was to build a differentiated Voice AI technology that we fully own and which is significantly better than other solutions in the market. We achieved that goal and unveiled the result in 2015, launching it as the Houndify platform in 2016. Building a Diverse, Global Customer Base SoundHound continues to expand the capabilities that make us well-positioned to serve the needs of customers globally. We have grown our solution from a single language capability to 25 languages. Our customers include a range of product and service providers of all sizes, spanning a range of industries, including automotive, IoT, apps, restaurants, and more. Many of our global customers have end users in multiple regions and industries and we have seen our products successfully used by them across multiple contexts and purposes. Three pillars for growth We have identified three pillars for revenue growth: Royalties, Subscription, and Monetization, and all three pillars contribute to our current revenues today. While the majority of current revenues come from royalties and subscriptions, over time we expect our revenues from monetization pillars to increase meaningfully in the future. (1) Royalties : This involves voice-enabling a product. The product creator pays us a royalty based on volume, usage, or duration. SoundHound collects royalties when our platform is integrated into a product such as a car, smart TV, or IoT. (2) Subscription : This involves voice-enabling a service that doesn’t rely on a physical product. Examples include when SoundHound enables customer service or food ordering for restaurants or content management, appointments, or voice commerce, we generate subscription revenue from the service providers. (3) Monetization : This pillar creates an ecosystem that enables monetization services in products and services from both pillar one and pillar two. When users of a voice-enabled product access the voice-enabled monetization, this creates new leads and transactions. SoundHound generates monetization revenue for generating these leads and transactions, and will share revenue with the product creators. We expect the disruptive three-pillar business model will create a monetization flywheel. As more products integrate into our platform, more users will use it, and more services will choose to integrate as well. This creates even more usage, and results in a flow of revenue share to product creators, which further encourages even greater adoption and integration with our platform, and we expect the cycle will perpetually continue to expand and create an ecosystem with a compound impact on our business. SoundHound’s criteria for adoption When it comes to criteria for adoption, our goal is to win on every dimension. We believe our product will be adopted because customers typically choose the best technology and want to own their brand and control their data. We strive to provide our customers with the best technology, and we can provide a white label solution giving our customers control of their brands. In some industries you may have to choose between technology and brand control. In our case, we aim to 7 Table of Contents offer our customers the best of both, enabling them to offer disruptive technologies to their users while maintaining control of their brand and user experience. With our disruptive monetization strategy, we also provide a path to monetization. By choosing our platform, product creators can generate additional revenue while making their product better using Voice AI, providing further incentive to choose our platform. We offer an ecosystem with our expert domain selections that seamlessly arbitrates between LLMs and real time domains and limits "AI hallucinations," along with definable privacy controls, which are becoming increasingly important in the industry of Voice AI. We also offer edge, cloud and hybrid solutions, which means our technology can optionally run without a cloud connection for increased flexibility and privacy. Our focus is on delivering the most advanced Voice AI in the world and thus allowing our partners to differentiate and innovate their overall experiences for their brands. Additionally, there is no conflict of interest between us and our partners and customers as we do not compete with them (as some other Voice AI vendors do). We believe that product creators know their product and users best. The idea of a single third-party assistant taking over their product is not reflective of our anticipated future. We envision that every product will have its own identity, and they will have Voice AI customized in different ways. They can each tap into a single platform to access the ever-growing set of domains, but the product creators can innovate on top of platform and create value for the end users in their own way. Research and Development Research and development have been the foundation of our company since its origin. We have invested significantly over the years in making conversational Voice AI technology by leveraging advanced technologies across signal processing, speech recognition, machine learning and more. The complexities of our design and the associated technological breakthroughs have required more than ten years of research and development activities to fine tune our technology for commercial use. We continue to explore different innovation strategies to strengthen our capabilities. In particular, we are continually working to improve the speed and accuracy of our Voice AI solutions and make customer adoption easier and faster. We have protected our innovations throughout with patents and trade secrets, and we have continued to strengthen our competitive positioning by staying on top of the latest advancements in the Voice AI industry. We expect to continue to keep research and development and, more broadly, innovation and product quality at the forefront of our strategy and core focus. Sales and Marketing We take an insight-driven, account-based marketing approach to build and expand our relationships with customers and partners. We collect feedback directly from them to garner insights that help drive the business and product. We also work with analysts and higher education institutions to conduct studies, test and validate technology performance, providing key proof points for those considering our products. In parallel, marketing and communications drive our brand equity and narrative through ongoing announcements, campaigns, events, speaking opportunities, and public relations efforts. Our demand generation efforts span the full customer funnel to target prospects across a variety of channels including: advertising, email, social media, search engines and many other digital channels. Sales and marketing will play a critical role in the next phase of our evolution as a company, with key ongoing investments in our team and leadership. While our products are already scaling with existing customers, markets and verticals, we see significant opportunities to grow into new ones. Increased sales and marketing efforts will enable us to capitalize on the tremendous momentum we are building and we expect to continue expanding resources to grow our personnel and leadership team focused on sales and marketing. Intellectual Property SoundHound’s intellectual property portfolio includes over 359 patents granted and over 102 patents pending worldwide. These patents cover areas such as speech recognition, natural language understanding, machine learning, human interfaces, and others, including monetization and advertising. 8 Table of Contents Out of our 461 patents granted and pending, more than 40 of these patents are in conversational monetization. Because we predict that search traffic will change from keyword-based queries to conversational interactions, we have a large number of patents in the area of conversational advertising. Human Capital At SoundHound, our success is driven by the quality of our people, who we believe are among the best and brightest in the industry. We strive to create an environment that supports employee success and a culture where everyone has a voice in driving innovation. Employees As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 954 full-time employees, of which approximately 56% were in the United States and 44% were in our international locations. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good. Employee Experience We focus on delivering a great employee experience, anchored by meaningful work, career opportunities and well-being, to continue to attract and retain high quality talent. We support employee well-being from multiple dimensions, including economic, health, development, and lifestyle with a comprehensive suite of compensation, benefits and flexible work options. For the vast majority of SoundHound’s employees, productivity is not tied to being in an office and collaboration can happen between people anywhere. SoundHound’s modern approach to work gives our employees more flexibility to choose where and how to work. Depending on their role, many of our employees can choose their office location, as well as work from home some or all of the time. We believe this allows us to engage with a wider pool of talent and retain employees who want or need more flexibility. Government Regulations We are subject to various laws, regulations, and permitting requirements of federal, state, and local authorities, related to health and safety, consumer privacy, anti-corruption, export controls and AI-related regulations. The foregoing may include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 and any other equivalent or comparable laws of other countries. We believe that we are in material compliance with all such laws, regulations, and permitting requirements. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in actions, claims, suits and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including assertions by third parties relating to personal injuries sustained using our products and services, intellectual property infringement, breaches of contract or warranties or employment-related matters. As of the date hereof, we are party to certain material legal proceedings as described in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. Available Information Our website is located at www.soundhound.com , and our investor relations website is located at investors.soundhound.com . Access to copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available via a link through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and they are available on the SEC's website. We also utilize our investor relations website to webcast our earnings calls and provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our business updates, financial performance and other items that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press releases and earnings releases. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of ethics, is also available on our investor relations website. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any 9 Table of Contents other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components to customizable and scalable solutions, we offer tools to build a highly accurate and responsive voice user interface. The suite of Houndify tools includes Application Programming Interfaces (“API”) for text and voice queries, support for custom commands, extensive library of content domains, inclusive Software Development Kit platforms, collaboration capabilities, diagnostic tools, and built-in analytics. Houndify provides a web API that takes in text queries or audio and returns actionable JavaScript Object Notation to anyone with an internet connection wanting to add Voice AI to any product or application. CaiNET and CaiLAN Expert Domain Selections SoundHound’s CaiNET software uses machine learning to enhance how domains work together to better handle complex queries including natural language processing, predictive analytics, and building language models, or translation of speech. SoundHound’s proprietary CaiLAN software expertly arbitrates responses so users get better answers from the right domain such as for use with natural language processing, predictive analytics, and building language models, or translation of speech. Automatic Speech Recognition (“ASR”) Our highly optimized, tunable, and scalable ASR engine supports vocabulary sizes containing millions of words. Houndify’s machine learning infrastructure allows us to tune the engine to achieve optimal Computer Processing Unit (“CPU”) performance while delivering high accuracy rates. Houndify’s language and acoustic modelling architecture also uses machine learning to increase word recognition accuracy. Rapid iteration is possible due to our accelerated training pipeline and architecture that improves as data is collected. Highly accurate transcriptions result from advanced acoustic models trained to perform in a variety of scenarios — including in severely noisy environments and when accented language is spoken. 3 Table of Contents Natural Language Understanding (“NLU”) Our proprietary Speech-to-Meaning technology tracks speech in real-time and understands the context, even before the user has finished speaking. Instead of the typical two-step process of transcribing speech into text and then passing the text into an NLU model, Houndify can accomplish both of these tasks in one step, delivering faster and more accurate results. Houndify’s ability to process and understand speech the instant a user stops speaking gives voice assistants the ability to respond faster. Understanding speech in real-time without requiring additional processing or waiting for the user to finish speaking creates responsive and natural conversations between people and products. By understanding context, Houndify responds accurately to users by distinguishing between similar words and names. Our NLU can discern the difference between words that sound the same, but have different spellings and meanings. For example, if users want to navigate to 272 Hoch Street in Dayton, Ohio, it won’t look for Hawk Street. Using our proprietary Deep Meaning Understanding technology, a custom voice assistant can handle complex queries with compound criteria including conversational follow up, address multiple questions and filter results simultaneously — accurately and quickly answering users’ most complex questions. These technologies are anchored by three important innovations: Speech-to-Meaning, Deep Meaning Understanding and Collective AI. Speech-to-Meaning refers to SoundHound’s ability to convert speech to meaning simultaneously and in real time. Most traditional approaches first convert speech to text, and then convert text to meaning. This approach can be both slower and less accurate. It’s slower because the two steps are done in sequence, and the additional processing time of the second step can be noticeable by the end user. It can also be less accurate because if the first step of speech to text makes a mistake, the resulting incorrect text is then sent to the second step, and the error further propagates. Our development of Speech to Meaning technology was inspired by the human brain. As we listen to someone speaking, our brain does not convert speech to text, and then text to meaning. Instead, our brain converts speech to meaning simultaneously and in real time. With Speech-to-Meaning, as you speak to SoundHound’s technology, it performs both speech recognition and language understanding simultaneously, which results in faster response time and higher accuracy, because real-time language understanding can feed into the real-time speech recognizer as additional information to reduce errors. Deep Meaning Understanding is our innovative approach to language understanding that allows our Voice AI platform to understand highly complex conversation. For example it can understand: “Show me hotels in San Francisco that are less than $600, but not less than $300, are pet friendly, have a gym and a pool with at least three stars staying for two nights, and don’t include anything that doesn’t have Wi-Fi.” A complex search like this will take many minutes to perform on a website with complex forms, but it can be done within a few seconds using SoundHound technology, which we believe to be unique in its ability to handle complex queries of this nature at scale. Collective AI is an architecture that gives potential to SoundHound to improve the understanding capability of its platform exponentially based on linear contributions. Most other platforms add skills or domains that are separate and don’t interact with each other. For them, linear contribution results in linear growth in understanding, which is less scalable. With the Collective AI architecture, SoundHound domains can be interconnected and learn from each other. As developers contribute to the platform, the platform’s understanding capability can grow exponentially. Smart Ordering SoundHound Smart Ordering offers an easy-to-understand voice assistant for restaurants that takes phone orders and automatically processes them by seamlessly integrating with multiple POS systems. For enterprises, we also offer a flexible Gateway to integrate with custom POSs. 4 Table of Contents Dynamic Interaction Dynamic Interaction is a category-level breakthrough in conversational AI that we believe raises the bar for human-computer interaction by not only recognizing and understanding speech, but also responding and acting in real-time. Where existing voice technology requires wake words and relies on turn-taking with awkward pauses to process requests, Dynamic Interaction uses the twin technologies of fragment parsing – which breaks speech down to partial-utterances and processes them in real-time – and full-duplex audio-visual integration to create an instantaneous, next-generation experience in human-computer interaction. SoundHound Chat AI We launched SoundHound Chat AI, which we believe will usher in a new phase of voice-enabled, conversational AI by combining the power of software engineering and machine learning generative AI. SoundHound Chat AI integrates with dozens of knowledge domains, pulling real-time data like weather, sports, stocks, flight status, restaurants, and many more. We combine this with the most cutting-edge large language models like OpenAI’s ChatGPT to deliver the most accurate, timely, and comprehensive responses. There is no need for awkward search queries since you can speak to SoundHound Chat AI naturally, like another person. You can also follow-up questions and commands without awkward pauses to filter, sort, or add more information to the original request. Smart Answering SoundHound Smart Answering is built to offer all customer establishments, including restaurants, the option to build an easy to use, custom AI-powered voice assistant that can handle 100% of phone calls including, greetings, hours, menu, location, delivery, wait time, policies, promotions, including SMS functionality for reservations and appointments, and many more standard and custom options. Wake Words Wake words are the entry point into branded voice experiences, allowing users to invoke the assistant by literally speaking the company’s name. Examples range from “Hey Pandora” in a mobile app to “Hey Peugeot” within a vehicle. Rigorous development and testing enable our wake words to perform in noisy environments and minimize false-positives or false-negatives. We use advanced machine learning algorithms and Deep Neural Networks to provide broad robustness to our high-volume training data, resulting in high accuracy. Custom Domains Our library of over 100 public domains is available to give developers instant access to a broad range of content to fit their unique use cases. This includes multi-category content intended to appeal to broad range of audiences, including, for instance, sports scores, weather, podcasts, travel information, recipes, stock prices, among many others. Companies can enhance product functionality or proprietary operations with Houndify Private Domains, allowing customization and development of more specific content. Customers who subscribe for this service have full access to their private domains securely on our platform while retaining the ability to iterate and update content. For example, an automotive manufacturer can make helpful updates about the car’s user manual over time. In this way, SoundHound becomes a long-term “partner” to its customers, helping companies create the domains that they need in order to improve brand value for their own customers or end users. Text-to-speech (“TTS”) A high quality TTS helps companies create a unique voice that differentiates them from the competition. Brands can fully express their personality by choosing the gender, tone, and personality that will become their vocal identity. Our machine learning algorithms transform recorded voices into large databases of spoken sounds to form entire vocabularies of natural language — adapted to the user’s environment. We can transform any voice to generate a high-quality TTS with a small CPU footprint. 5 Table of Contents Edge and Cloud Connectivity With edge (embedded) we offer a fully-embedded voice solution for brands seeking the convenience of a voice user interface without the privacy or connectivity concerns of the internet. Includes full access to custom commands and the ability to instantly update commands during development. With Cloud we equip your voice assistant with real-time data from the cloud, deliver the most relevant responses with no CPU or memory restrictions, and retain ownership of customer relationships with access to data and analytics. To harness the capabilities of full cloud connectivity with the reliability of embedded edge voice technology. Houndify Edge Hybrid solutions are designed to ensure that devices are always-on and responsive to commands. Allows for over-the-air product updates and a broader voice experience with the level of cloud-connectivity that best matches the product and its users. Competitive Strengths and Differentiators The majority of participants in the Voice AI industry can be characterized as either “big tech” companies (meaning large corporations offering Voice AI as an extension of other services) and “legacy vendors” (meaning long-time Voice-AI industry participants with older technologies). Voice AI offerings from big tech companies are primarily an extension of their services. In many cases, rather than strengthening or interacting with the host product, big tech offerings tend to take over the entire product experience, thus “hijacking” the company’s brand, users, and data. As a result, brands relying on big tech Voice AI frequently experience decreased ability to innovate, differentiate, and customize the way that their products interact with Voice AI platforms and/or end users. In some cases, these big tech Voice AI providers even compete with the customers whose products their technologies support, making them increasingly less attractive as a choice for a voice interface. The Voice AI market currently also includes “legacy vendors,” a number of whom we believe offer dated technologies. Furthermore, in many cases, legacy vendor technologies still require significant effort by product creators to turn legacy AI product offerings into solutions that can compete with the quality of Voice AI products currently offered by big tech companies, which is oftentimes neither economical nor practical. Due to the high barrier to entry in Voice AI, the number of full solution platform providers is very limited. In our view, it takes many years and significant investment to build all the components of Voice AI. It then takes further time and resources to make the solutions competitive, mature, and viable for adoption. Finally, it requires significant investment to globalize the solution in multiple languages and regions. Although the number of platforms is limited, we note that the big tech players have significant resources. Against this landscape, SoundHound has achieved its successes to date through technology innovation, business model innovation, and global alliances that we believe make us well-positioned to continue to grow and execute our business plan. With the popularization of Generative AI and Large Language Models in early 2023, we view this as an inflection point for Conversational AI, with a clear intersection between technology readiness and subsequent demand and adoption. Such intersections are rare, and SoundHound is in a unique position to create tremendous value. With the launch of Amelia 7 platform in 2025, our AI agent orchestration platform brings new capabilities into the vehicle, enabling multiple agents to carry out tasks and transactions on behalf of the driver – from the company’s own voice commerce agents that allow food ordering and reservations with top restaurant brands, to external agents that will allow users to check email or adjust their schedules. We believe the impact of Generative AI and Large Language Models to the field of Conversational AI is similar to the impact of Deep Neural Networks to Machine Learning: Better quality models can be created faster and with fewer tedious engineering requirements. And we view the market impact of this to be transformative, similar to the mobile ecosystem disruption of the last decade. Fast movers like us will create tremendous value. 6 Table of Contents We view the current environment as an opportunity to provide disruptive technologies with capabilities we believe are superior to existing alternatives, allowing customers to maintain their brand, control the user experience, get access to the data, and define their own privacy policies, while being able to customize, differentiate, innovate, and monetize. Revenue Model Market Momentum Our entry into the Voice AI space began with 10 years of constant innovation in “stealth” building disruptive technologies in Voice AI using innovative approaches. Our goal was to build a differentiated Voice AI technology that we fully own and which is significantly better than other solutions in the market. We achieved that goal and unveiled the result in 2015, launching it as the Houndify platform in 2016. Building a Diverse, Global Customer Base SoundHound continues to expand the capabilities that make us well-positioned to serve the needs of customers globally. We have grown our solution from a single language capability to 25 languages. Our customers include a range of product and service providers of all sizes, spanning a range of industries, including automotive, IoT, apps, restaurants, and more. Many of our global customers have end users in multiple regions and industries and we have seen our products successfully used by them across multiple contexts and purposes. Three pillars for growth We have identified three pillars for revenue growth: Royalties, Subscription, and Monetization, and all three pillars contribute to our current revenues today. While the majority of current revenues come from royalties and subscriptions, over time we expect our revenues from monetization pillars to increase meaningfully in the future. (1) Royalties : This involves voice-enabling a product. The product creator pays us a royalty based on volume, usage, or duration. SoundHound collects royalties when our platform is integrated into a product such as a car, smart TV, or IoT. (2) Subscription : This involves voice-enabling a service that doesn’t rely on a physical product. Examples include when SoundHound enables customer service or food ordering for restaurants or content management, appointments, or voice commerce, we generate subscription revenue from the service providers. (3) Monetization : This pillar creates an ecosystem that enables monetization services in products and services from both pillar one and pillar two. When users of a voice-enabled product access the voice-enabled monetization, this creates new leads and transactions. SoundHound generates monetization revenue for generating these leads and transactions, and will share revenue with the product creators. We expect the disruptive three-pillar business model will create a monetization flywheel. As more products integrate into our platform, more users will use it, and more services will choose to integrate as well. This creates even more usage, and results in a flow of revenue share to product creators, which further encourages even greater adoption and integration with our platform, and we expect the cycle will perpetually continue to expand and create an ecosystem with a compound impact on our business. SoundHound’s criteria for adoption When it comes to criteria for adoption, our goal is to win on every dimension. We believe our product will be adopted because customers typically choose the best technology and want to own their brand and control their data. We strive to provide our customers with the best technology, and we can provide a white label solution giving our customers control of their brands. In some industries you may have to choose between technology and brand control. In our case, we aim to 7 Table of Contents offer our customers the best of both, enabling them to offer disruptive technologies to their users while maintaining control of their brand and user experience. With our disruptive monetization strategy, we also provide a path to monetization. By choosing our platform, product creators can generate additional revenue while making their product better using Voice AI, providing further incentive to choose our platform. We offer an ecosystem with our expert domain selections that seamlessly arbitrates between LLMs and real time domains and limits "AI hallucinations," along with definable privacy controls, which are becoming increasingly important in the industry of Voice AI. We also offer edge, cloud and hybrid solutions, which means our technology can optionally run without a cloud connection for increased flexibility and privacy. Our focus is on delivering the most advanced Voice AI in the world and thus allowing our partners to differentiate and innovate their overall experiences for their brands. Additionally, there is no conflict of interest between us and our partners and customers as we do not compete with them (as some other Voice AI vendors do). We believe that product creators know their product and users best. The idea of a single third-party assistant taking over their product is not reflective of our anticipated future. We envision that every product will have its own identity, and they will have Voice AI customized in different ways. They can each tap into a single platform to access the ever-growing set of domains, but the product creators can innovate on top of platform and create value for the end users in their own way. Research and Development Research and development have been the foundation of our company since its origin. We have invested significantly over the years in making conversational Voice AI technology by leveraging advanced technologies across signal processing, speech recognition, machine learning and more. The complexities of our design and the associated technological breakthroughs have required more than ten years of research and development activities to fine tune our technology for commercial use. We continue to explore different innovation strategies to strengthen our capabilities. In particular, we are continually working to improve the speed and accuracy of our Voice AI solutions and make customer adoption easier and faster. We have protected our innovations throughout with patents and trade secrets, and we have continued to strengthen our competitive positioning by staying on top of the latest advancements in the Voice AI industry. We expect to continue to keep research and development and, more broadly, innovation and product quality at the forefront of our strategy and core focus. Sales and Marketing We take an insight-driven, account-based marketing approach to build and expand our relationships with customers and partners. We collect feedback directly from them to garner insights that help drive the business and product. We also work with analysts and higher education institutions to conduct studies, test and validate technology performance, providing key proof points for those considering our products. In parallel, marketing and communications drive our brand equity and narrative through ongoing announcements, campaigns, events, speaking opportunities, and public relations efforts. Our demand generation efforts span the full customer funnel to target prospects across a variety of channels including: advertising, email, social media, search engines and many other digital channels. Sales and marketing will play a critical role in the next phase of our evolution as a company, with key ongoing investments in our team and leadership. While our products are already scaling with existing customers, markets and verticals, we see significant opportunities to grow into new ones. Increased sales and marketing efforts will enable us to capitalize on the tremendous momentum we are building and we expect to continue expanding resources to grow our personnel and leadership team focused on sales and marketing. Intellectual Property SoundHound’s intellectual property portfolio includes over 359 patents granted and over 102 patents pending worldwide. These patents cover areas such as speech recognition, natural language understanding, machine learning, human interfaces, and others, including monetization and advertising. 8 Table of Contents Out of our 461 patents granted and pending, more than 40 of these patents are in conversational monetization. Because we predict that search traffic will change from keyword-based queries to conversational interactions, we have a large number of patents in the area of conversational advertising. Human Capital At SoundHound, our success is driven by the quality of our people, who we believe are among the best and brightest in the industry. We strive to create an environment that supports employee success and a culture where everyone has a voice in driving innovation. Employees As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 954 full-time employees, of which approximately 56% were in the United States and 44% were in our international locations. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good. Employee Experience We focus on delivering a great employee experience, anchored by meaningful work, career opportunities and well-being, to continue to attract and retain high quality talent. We support employee well-being from multiple dimensions, including economic, health, development, and lifestyle with a comprehensive suite of compensation, benefits and flexible work options. For the vast majority of SoundHound’s employees, productivity is not tied to being in an office and collaboration can happen between people anywhere. SoundHound’s modern approach to work gives our employees more flexibility to choose where and how to work. Depending on their role, many of our employees can choose their office location, as well as work from home some or all of the time. We believe this allows us to engage with a wider pool of talent and retain employees who want or need more flexibility. Government Regulations We are subject to various laws, regulations, and permitting requirements of federal, state, and local authorities, related to health and safety, consumer privacy, anti-corruption, export controls and AI-related regulations. The foregoing may include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 and any other equivalent or comparable laws of other countries. We believe that we are in material compliance with all such laws, regulations, and permitting requirements. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in actions, claims, suits and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including assertions by third parties relating to personal injuries sustained using our products and services, intellectual property infringement, breaches of contract or warranties or employment-related matters. As of the date hereof, we are party to certain material legal proceedings as described in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. Available Information Our website is located at www.soundhound.com , and our investor relations website is located at investors.soundhound.com . Access to copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available via a link through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and they are available on the SEC's website. We also utilize our investor relations website to webcast our earnings calls and provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our business updates, financial performance and other items that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press releases and earnings releases. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of ethics, is also available on our investor relations website. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any 9 Table of Contents other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.

