TICKER: SPG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions and labor shortages; ● consumers avoiding in-person shopping generally, or at certain properties, due to a heightened level of concern for safety in public places, whether due to consumer perception of increased risk of criminal activity and civil unrest, including acts of terrorism, riots, random acts of violence, mass shootings, organized retail crime or inappropriate or unacceptable behavior of other patrons, or due to heightened sensitivity to risks associated with transmission of disease; ● consumer perceptions of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our properties; ● the impact on our retail tenants and demand for retail space at our properties from the increasing use of the Internet by retailers and consumers; ● the creditworthiness of our retail tenants and the availability of new creditworthy tenants and the related impact on our occupancy levels and lease income; ● local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of, or reduction in demand for, retail space or retail goods, decreases in rental rates and declines in real estate values; ● the willingness of retailers to lease space in our properties at attractive rents, or at all; ● changes in regional and local economies, which may be affected by increased rates of unemployment, increased foreclosures, higher taxes, decreased tourism, industry slowdowns, adverse weather conditions, and other factors; ● increased operating costs and capital expenditures, whether from acquisitions, developments, redevelopments, replacing tenants or otherwise; ● reductions in international travel and tourism, resulting in fewer international retail consumers; ● changes in government policies and applicable laws and regulations, including tax, environmental, safety and zoning and political inefficiencies; and ● epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises and the governmental reaction thereto. To the extent that any or a portion of these conditions occur, they are likely to impact the retail industry, our retail tenants, the emergence of new tenants, our own investments in certain retailers and brands, the demand for retail space, market rents and rent growth, the vacancy levels at our properties, and the value of our properties, any of which could directly or indirectly materially and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and overall asset value. Additionally, a portion of our lease income is derived from overage rents based on reported sales over a stated base amount that directly depend on the reported sales volume of our retail tenants. Accordingly, declines in our tenants’ reported sales performance could reduce the income produced by our properties. Over time, declines in our tenants’ reported sales performance can also negatively impact our ability to sign new and renewal leases at desired rents. 13 Table of Contents Some of our properties depend on anchor stores or other large nationally recognized tenants to attract shoppers and we could be materially and adversely affected by the loss of one or more of these anchors or tenants. Our properties are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. Certain of our anchors and other tenants have ceased their operations, downsized their brick-and-mortar presence or failed to comply with their contractual obligations to us and others. Sustained adverse pressure on the results of department stores and other national retailers may have a similarly sustained adverse impact upon our own results. Certain department stores and other national retailers have experienced, and may continue to experience for the foreseeable future (given uncertainty with respect to current and future macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence levels), considerable decreases in customer traffic in their retail stores, increased competition from alternative retail options such as those accessible via the Internet and other forms of pressure on their business models. As pressure on these department stores and other national retailers increases, their ability to maintain their stores, meet their obligations both to us and to their external lenders and suppliers, withstand takeover attempts or avoid bankruptcy and/or liquidation may be impaired and result in closures of their stores or their seeking of a lease modification with us. Any lease modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease current or future effective rents or expense recovery charges. Certain other tenants could be entitled to modify the economic or other terms of, or terminate, their existing leases with us in the event of such closures. Additionally, corporate merger or consolidation activity among department stores and other national retailers typically results in the closure of duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations. If a department store or large nationally recognized tenant were to close its stores at our properties, we may experience difficulty and delay and incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space, as well as in leasing spaces in areas adjacent to the vacant store, at attractive rates, or at all. Additionally, department store or tenant closures may result in decreased customer traffic, which could lead to decreased sales at our properties. If the reported sales of stores operating in our properties were to decline significantly due to the closing of anchor stores or other national retailers, adverse economic conditions or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. In the event of any default by a tenant, we may not be able to fully recover, and/or may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover, amounts due to us under the terms of our leases with such parties. We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies. Bankruptcy filings by retailers can occur regularly in the course of our operations. Although we have not seen a significant increase in tenant bankruptcies in the last few years, in previous years a number of companies in the retail industry, including certain of our tenants, declared bankruptcy. If a tenant files for bankruptcy, the tenant may have the right to reject and terminate one or more of its leases with us, and we cannot be sure that it will affirm one or more of its leases and continue to make rental payments to us in a timely manner. A bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants would generally prohibit us from evicting this tenant, and bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant, or from their property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. In addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. If a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. If a lease is rejected, the unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant might be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims, and there are restrictions under bankruptcy laws that limit the amount of the claim we can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold. In addition, we may make lease modifications either pre- or post-bankruptcy for certain tenants undergoing significant financial distress in order for them to continue as a going concern. Furthermore, we may be required to incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space formerly leased to the bankrupt tenant. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations. The bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured, and may make the re-tenanting of its space difficult and costly. Any such bankruptcies also make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the space at the affected property or properties. Future tenant bankruptcies may strain our resources and impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy and could materially and adversely affect us. Vacant space at our properties could materially and adversely affect us. Certain of our properties have had vacant space available for prospective tenants, and those properties may continue to experience, and other properties may commence experiencing, such oversupply in the future. Among other causes, (1) an increased number of bankruptcies of anchor stores and other national retailers, as well as store closures may occur, and (2) there may be lower demand from retail tenants for space, due to certain retailers increasing their use of e-commerce websites to distribute their merchandise. As a result of the increased bargaining power of creditworthy retail 14 Table of Contents tenants, there may be downward pressure on our rental rates and occupancy levels, and this increased bargaining power may also result in us having to increase our spend on tenant improvements and potentially make other lease modifications in order to attract or retain tenants, any of which, in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect us. We may not be able to lease new or redeveloped properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants or at desired rents, if at all. We may not be able to lease new or redeveloped properties to an appropriate mix of tenants that generates optimal customer traffic. Also, when leases for our existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. Tenant preferences for properties may also change over time, like recent trends towards right-sizing portfolios, repositioning space and locations and pursuing new store concepts, and our properties may no longer align with such preferences. If we fail to identify and secure the right blend of tenants at our newly developed and existing properties that offer diversified categories and uses, such as retail, specialty entertainment, restaurants, and health and wellness, and that keep up with evolving customer preferences, our properties may not appeal to the communities they serve. If we elect to pursue a “mixed use” redevelopment we expose ourselves to risks associated with each non-retail use (e.g., office, residential, hotel and entertainment), and the performance of our retail tenants in such properties may be negatively impacted by delays in opening and/or the performance of such non-retail uses. Additionally, an oversupply of space in the trade areas in which our properties operate could reduce market rents, negatively impacting the terms upon which we lease our properties. To the extent that our leasing goals are not achieved, we could be materially and adversely affected. Acts of violence, civil unrest or criminal activity, actual or threatened terrorist attacks and inappropriate and unacceptable behavior by visitors at our properties could adversely affect our business operations. Because our properties are open to the public, they are exposed to risks related to acts of violence, civil unrest and criminal activity as well as actual or threatened terrorist attacks that may be beyond our control or ability to prevent, and recently there has been an increased risk of organized retail crime and physical violence, the severity and frequency of which varies by market and location. If any of these incidents were to occur, the relevant property could face material damage physically and reputationally, and the revenue generated by such property could be negatively impacted. Consumers may also perceive a heightened threat of these risks due to increased crime in certain markets and negative media attention. Concern around safety risk may impact the willingness of consumers, tenants and tenants’ employees to shop and/or work at our properties, which could result in decreased consumer foot traffic and decreased reported sales at our properties, directly and indirectly impacting our revenue and overall asset value. We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce, as well as evolving consumer preferences and purchasing habits. Our properties compete with other forms of retailing such as pure online retail websites as well as other types of retail properties such as single user freestanding discounters (Costco, Walmart and Target). In addition, many of our tenants are omni-channel retailers who also distribute their products through online sales and provide options to consumers like buy online pick up in store, buy online ship to store or buy online return to store. Our business currently is predominantly reliant on consumer demand for shopping at physical stores, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in adapting our business to evolving consumer purchasing habits. The increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping. Although a brick-and-mortar presence may have a positive impact on retailers’ online sales, the increased utilization of pure online shopping may lead to the closure of underperforming stores by retailers, which could impact our occupancy levels and the rates that tenants are willing to pay to lease our space. Additionally, the increase in online shopping may result in certain tenants underreporting sales at our properties which may materially and adversely impact our collection of overage rent. Examples may include, retailers and restaurants not reporting curbside pick-up sales or online sales fulfilled with store inventory, and tenants reducing reported store sales by including online returns processed in the store. Epidemics, pandemics or other public health crisis, and governmental reactions thereto, could have a significant negative impact on our and our tenants’ business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders. Epidemics, pandemics or other health crises could have, a material negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world and an adverse impact on economic activity in retail real estate. Governments and other authorities could respond to epidemics, pandemics or other health crises, by imposing or re-imposing measures intended to control the spread of disease, including restrictions on freedom of movement, group gatherings and business operations 15 Table of Contents such as travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, stay-at-home, shelter-in-place orders, density limitations and social distancing measures. Although we cannot determine the severity of any such measures in the future, which depend on the government's recognition of the negative impacts on local communities and infrastructure resulting from future mandates and associated government responses, any restrictions could negatively impact us, our tenants and consumer behavior. Demand for retail space and the profitability of our properties depends, in part, on the ability and willingness of tenants to enter into and perform obligations under leases, and the willingness of customers to visit our properties. Even without strict governmental restrictions, the willingness of consumers to visit our properties may be reduced and our tenants’ businesses adversely affected, based upon many factors, including local transmission rates of disease, the development, availability, distribution, effectiveness and acceptance of existing and new vaccines, the effectiveness and availability of cures or treatments, and overall sensitivity to risks associated with the transmission of diseases. In addition, some of our properties are located at or within a close proximity to tourist destinations, and these properties and our tenants’ businesses may be heavily and adversely impacted by reductions in travel and tourism resulting from travel bans or restrictions and general concern regarding the risk of travel. Additionally, the impact of epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises, and governmental reactions thereto, on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders could depend on additional factors, including: ● the financial condition and viability of our tenants, and their ability or willingness to pay rent in full; ● state, local, federal and industry-initiated tenant relief efforts that may adversely affect landlords, including us, and their ability to collect rent and/or enforce remedies for the failure to pay rent; ● the increased popularity and further utilization of e-commerce; ● our ability to renew leases or re-lease available space in our properties on favorable terms or at all, including as a result of a deterioration in the economic and market conditions in the markets in which we own properties or due to restrictions intended to prevent the spread of disease, including any government mandated closures of businesses that frustrate our leasing activities; ● a severe and prolonged disruption and instability in the global financial markets, including the debt and equity capital markets,  which may affect our or our tenants' ability to access capital necessary to fund our or their respective business operations or repay, refinance or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, on attractive terms, or at all and may adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities, any of which could affect our and our tenants' ability to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements; ● a refusal or failure of one or more lenders under our existing or future credit facilities to fund their respective financing commitment to us may affect our ability to access capital necessary to fund our business operations and to meet our liquidity and capital expenditure requirements; ● a reduction in the cash flows generated by our properties and the values of our properties that could result in impairments or limit our ability to dispose of them at attractive prices or obtain debt financing secured by our properties; ● the complete or partial closure of one or more of our tenants' manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in our tenants' supply chains from local and international suppliers and/or delays in the delivery of our tenants' inventory, any of which could reduce or eliminate our tenants' sales, cause the temporary closure of our tenants' businesses, and/or result in their bankruptcy or insolvency; ● a negative impact on consumer discretionary spending caused by high unemployment levels, reduced economic activity or a severe or prolonged recession; ● our and our tenants' ability to manage our respective businesses to the extent our and their management or personnel (including on-site employees) are impacted in significant numbers or are otherwise not willing, available or allowed to conduct work, including any impact on our tenants' ability to deliver timely information to us that is necessary for us to make effective decisions; and ● our and our tenants' ability to ensure business continuity in the event our or our tenants' continuity of operations plan is (i) not effective or improperly implemented or deployed or (ii) compromised due to increased cyber and remote access activity during such epidemic, pandemic or other public health crisis. 16 Table of Contents To the extent any of these risks and uncertainties adversely impact us in the ways described above or otherwise, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. Risks Related to Real Estate Holdings and Operations Some of our properties are subject to potential natural or other disasters. A material amount of our share of NOI is derived in states such as Florida, California, Texas and New York which are located in areas which may be subject to a higher risk of natural disasters such as tornados, floods, blizzards, hurricanes, heatwaves, fires, drought, earthquakes or tsunamis.  The occurrence of natural disasters at any of our properties, which could occur more frequently, increase in intensity and may become more volatile in light of climate change, can adversely impact operations and development/redevelopment projects at our properties, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase future property insurance costs and negatively impact our tenants and the tenant demand for lease space. If insurance is unavailable to us or is unavailable on acceptable terms, or our insurance is not adequate to cover losses from these events, we could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, the occurrence of natural disasters at our corporate headquarters or one of our satellite offices could affect our ability to carry on business functions that are critical to our financial and operational viability. We face risks associated with climate change. Due to changes in weather patterns caused by climate change, our properties in certain markets including Florida, California, Texas and New York, where we derive a material amount of our share of NOI could experience increases in storm intensity, storm frequency and be impacted by rising sea levels.  Over time, climate change could result in population migration or volatile or decreased demand for retail space at certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate the properties at all. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) insurance on favorable terms, or at all, increasing the cost of energy at our properties or requiring us to spend funds to repair and protect our properties against such risks. Some of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance. We maintain insurance coverage with third-party carriers who provide a portion of the coverage for specific layers of potential losses, including commercial general liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on all of our properties in the United States as well as cyber coverage. The initial portion of coverage, excess of policy deductibles, not provided by third-party carriers is either insured through our wholly-owned captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us. A third party carrier has, in turn, agreed to provide, if required, evidence of coverage for this layer of losses under the terms and conditions of the carrier’s policy. A similar policy either written through our captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us also provides initial coverage for property insurance and certain windstorm risks at the properties located in coastal windstorm locations. There are some types of losses, including lease and other contract claims, which generally are not insured or are subject to large deductibles. Additionally, insurance costs and availability may be impacted in the future by factors outside of our control, like inflationary pressures or cybersecurity events. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue it could generate but may remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligation related to the property. We currently maintain insurance coverage against acts of terrorism on all of our properties in the United States on an “all risk” basis in the amount of up to $1 billion. Despite the existence of this insurance coverage, any threatened or actual terrorist attacks where we operate could materially and adversely affect our property values, revenues, consumer traffic and tenant sales. As owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination, and our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful. Many of our properties contain, or at one time contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment), and as a result we may be subject to regulatory action in connection with U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to hazardous or toxic substances. We may also be held liable to third parties for personal injury or property damage incurred by the parties in connection with any such substances. The costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances, and related liabilities, may be substantial and could materially and adversely affect us. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to remediate the related contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow money using a property as collateral. 17 Table of Contents Although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. Nearly all of our U.S. properties have been subjected to Phase I or similar environmental audits. These environmental audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. However, we cannot assure you that: ● previous environmental studies with respect to the portfolio reveal all potential environmental liabilities; ● any previous owner, occupant or tenant of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; ● the current environmental condition of the portfolio will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by other unrelated third parties; or ● future uses or conditions (including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof) will not result in environmental liabilities. We face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties. We regularly acquire and develop new properties and redevelop and expand existing properties, and these activities are subject to various risks. Acquisition or construction costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable, and development, redevelopment or expansions may take considerably longer than expected, delaying the commencement and amount of income from the property. These risks, and the potential impact thereof, may be exacerbated by the volume and complexity of such activity, as well as inflationary pressures, tariffs, rising interest rates, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages. We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. In addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not perform as well as expected, impacting our anticipated return on investment. We are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following: ● we may not be able to obtain financing or to refinance loans on favorable terms, or at all; ● we may face construction delays or higher construction costs caused by potential increases in the cost of imported goods and materials due to threatened or implemented tariffs and international trade disputes, supply chain disruptions and/or shortages; ● we may be unable to obtain zoning, occupancy or other governmental approvals; ● occupancy rates and rents may not meet our projections and the project may not be accretive; ● we may need the consent of third parties such as department stores, anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those consents may be withheld; ● development, redevelopment or expansions may fail to appeal to the demographics of the communities they are intended to serve, including a failure to incorporate the appropriate blend of available space for tenants; ● we may not be able to integrate an acquisition into our existing operations successfully; and ● acquisitions of new properties will expose us to the liabilities of those properties, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of the acquisition. If a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project planning, we could lose our investment in the project. Further, if we guarantee the property’s financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project. In the event that these risks were realized at the same time at multiple properties, we could be materially and adversely affected. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. These investments are relatively illiquid. As a result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic, industry, or other conditions may be limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability and terms of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand for space, that are beyond our control. If we want to sell a property, we cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period, or at all, or that the sales price of a property will be attractive at the relevant time or exceed the carrying value of our investment. Moreover, if a property is mortgaged, we may not be able to obtain a release 18 Table of Contents of the lien on that property without the payment of the associated debt and/or a substantial prepayment penalty, which could restrict our ability to dispose of the property, even though the sale might otherwise be desirable. Risks Relating to Income Taxes and REIT Rules Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership have elected to be taxed as REITs in the United States. The failure to maintain Simon’s or the Subsidiary REITs’ qualifications as REITs or changes in applicable tax laws or regulations could result in adverse tax consequences. In the United States, Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership have elected to be taxed as REITs under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. We believe that Simon and these subsidiaries, or the Subsidiary REITs, have been organized and have operated in a manner which allows them to qualify for taxation as REITs under the Internal Revenue Code. We intend to continue to operate in this manner. However, qualification and taxation as REITs depend upon the ability of Simon and the Subsidiary REITs to satisfy several requirements (some of which are outside our control), including tests related to our annual operating results, asset diversification, distribution levels and stock ownership. The various REIT qualification tests required by the Internal Revenue Code are highly technical and complex. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that Simon or any of the Subsidiary REITs has operated in accordance with these requirements or will continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. If Simon or any of the Subsidiary REITs fail to comply with those provisions, Simon or any such Subsidiary REIT may be subject to monetary penalties or ultimately to possible disqualification as REITs. If such events occur, and if available relief provisions do not apply: ● Simon or any such subsidiary will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing taxable income; ● Simon or any such subsidiary will be subject to corporate-level income tax on taxable income at the corporate rate; ● Simon may be subject to the one-percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act; ● Simon or any such subsidiary could be subject to a federal alternative minimum tax for taxable years prior to 2018 or for taxable years commencing after December 31, 2022; and ● unless entitled to relief under relevant statutory provisions, Simon or any such subsidiary will also be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to stockholders. In addition, if Simon fails to qualify as a REIT, it will not be required to make distributions to its stockholders. Moreover, a failure by any Subsidiary REIT could also cause Simon to fail to qualify as a REIT, and the same adverse consequences would apply to such Subsidiary REIT and its stockholders. Failure by Simon or any of the Subsidiary REITs to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, which could materially and adversely affect us. Additionally, we are subject to certain income-based taxes, both domestically and internationally, and other taxes, including state and local taxes, franchise taxes, and withholding taxes on dividends from certain of our international investments. We currently follow local tax laws and regulations in various domestic and international jurisdictions. Should these laws or regulations change, the amount of taxes we pay may increase accordingly. If the Operating Partnership fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, Simon will cease to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse consequences. We believe that the Operating Partnership is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, the Operating Partnership is not subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including Simon, is allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, such partner’s share of its income. We cannot assure you that the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, will not challenge the status of the Operating Partnership, or any other subsidiary partnership or limited liability company in which we own an interest, as a disregarded entity or partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating the Operating Partnership or any such other subsidiary as an entity taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, Simon would likely cease to qualify as a REIT. Also, the failure of the Operating Partnership or any subsidiary partnership or limited liability company to qualify as a disregarded entity or partnership for applicable income tax purposes could cause 19 Table of Contents it to become subject to federal and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners or members, including Simon. Complying with REIT requirements might cause us to forgo otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To qualify to be taxed as REITs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Simon and the Subsidiary REITs must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of their respective assets consist of cash, cash items, government securities and “real estate assets” (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. The remainder of their respective investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a taxable REIT subsidiary, or TRS) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. Additionally, in general, no more than 5% of the value of Simon’s and the Subsidiary REITs’ total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a TRS) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20% of the value of their respective total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. If Simon or any of the Subsidiary REITs fails to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, Simon or any such Subsidiary REIT must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing its REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we might be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to equity holders. Moreover, if Simon or the Subsidiary REITs are compelled to liquidate their investments to meet any of the asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to lenders, Simon or such subsidiaries may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to REITs or may be subject to a 100% tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions. In addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify to be taxed as REITs, Simon and the Subsidiary REITs must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of their respective income, the amounts they distribute to equity holders and the ownership of their respective shares. We might be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as REITs. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments. Our ownership of TRSs is subject to certain restrictions, and we will be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our TRSs are not conducted on arm’s-length terms. We own securities in TRSs and may acquire securities in additional TRSs in the future. A TRS is a corporation other than a REIT in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. If a TRS owns more than 35% of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a TRS. Other than some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a TRS may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent REIT. A TRS is subject to federal income tax as a regular C corporation. In addition, a 100% excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm’s-length basis. A REIT’s ownership of securities of a TRS is not subject to the 5% or 10% asset tests applicable to REITs. Not more than 25% of the value of Simon’s or any Subsidiary REIT’s total assets may be represented by securities (including securities of TRSs), other than those securities includable in the 75% asset test, and not more than 20% of the value of our total assets or the assets of any Subsidiary REIT may be represented by securities of TRSs. We anticipate that the aggregate value of the stock and securities of any TRS and other nonqualifying assets that Simon or each such Subsidiary REIT owns will be less than 25% (or, in the case of securities of TRSs, 20%) of the value of Simon’s or such subsidiary’s total assets, and we will monitor the value of these investments to ensure compliance with applicable ownership limitations. In addition, we intend to structure transactions with any TRSs that we own to ensure that they are entered into on arm’s-length terms to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the above limitations or to avoid application of the 100% excise tax discussed above. Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends, which may negatively affect the value of our shares. Income from “qualified dividends” payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates, currently at a maximum federal rate of 20%. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20% of the ordinary dividends (e.g., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 20 Table of Contents 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs (generally to 29.6% assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37% maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. Accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the per share trading price of our common stock. The tax imposed on REITs engaging in “prohibited transactions” may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A REIT’s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination (unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors), and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan. In order for Simon and the Subsidiary REITs to qualify to be taxed as REITs, and assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied, each such entity generally must distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, to their respective equity holders each year. To the extent that Simon or any such Subsidiary REIT satisfies this distribution requirement and qualifies for taxation as a REIT, but distributes less than 100% of its REIT taxable income, Simon or such subsidiary will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its undistributed net taxable income and could be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that is distributed to equity holders in a calendar year is less than the minimum required distribution amount. We intend to make distributions to the equity holders of Simon and the Subsidiary REITs to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. From time to time, Simon and the Subsidiary REITs might generate taxable income greater than their respective cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments. If the applicable REIT does not have other funds available in these situations, it could be required to access capital on unfavorable terms (the receipt of which cannot be assured), sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, or make taxable distributions of capital stock or debt securities to make distributions sufficient to enable it to pay out enough of its REIT taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase costs or reduce our equity. Further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund the growth of our business. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan. Partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us. Under the rules applicable to U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships, subject to certain exceptions, any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership (and any partner’s distributive share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, or penalties attributable thereto could be assessed and collected, at the partnership level. Absent available elections, it is possible that a partnership in which we directly or indirectly invest could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though Simon and the Subsidiary REITs, as REITs, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes had they owned the assets of the partnership directly. The partnership tax audit rules apply to the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries that are classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us. Legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting REITs, including positions taken by the IRS, could have a material adverse effect on us and our investors. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof by the IRS and the Treasury, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect us and our investors. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors and us. New 21 Table of Contents legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the ability of Simon and the Subsidiary REITs to qualify to be taxed as REITs and/or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification. Moreover, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. Provisions in Simon’s charter and by-laws and in the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement could prevent a change of control. Simon’s charter contains a general restriction on the accumulation of shares in excess of 8% of its capital stock. The charter permits the members of the Simon family and related persons to own up to 18% of Simon’s capital stock. Ownership for such purpose is determined based on the number of outstanding shares, voting power or value controlled, whichever is most restrictive. Simon’s Board of Directors may, by majority vote, permit exceptions to those levels in circumstances where it determines that Simon’s ability to qualify as a REIT will not be jeopardized. These restrictions on ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interest of Simon’s stockholders or the Operating Partnership’s unitholders or preferred unitholders. Other provisions of Simon’s charter and by-laws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control even if some of Simon’s stockholders or the Operating Partnership’s unitholders or preferred unitholders deem such a change to be in their best interests. These include provisions preventing holders of Simon’s common stock from acting by written consent and requiring that up to four directors in the aggregate may be elected by holders of Class B common stock. In addition, certain provisions of the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. These include a provision requiring the consent of a majority in interest of units in order for Simon, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, to, among other matters, engage in a merger transaction or sell all or substantially all of its assets. Risks Related to Indebtedness and the Financial Markets We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations. As of December 31, 2025, our consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, excluding related premium, discount and debt issuance costs, totaled $28.6 billion. As a result of this indebtedness, we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows for debt service, including selected repayment at scheduled maturities, which limits our ability to use those cash flows to fund the growth of our business. We are also subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flows from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service or that we will be able to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all. Our debt service costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the applicable property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property. Our indebtedness could also have other adverse consequences on us, including reducing our access to capital or increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and market conditions. In addition, if a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from such property is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. If any of the foregoing occurs, we could be materially and adversely affected. The agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely. We have a variety of unsecured debt, including the Credit Facilities, senior unsecured notes and commercial paper, and secured property level debt. Certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain covenants, including, among other things, limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and certain acquisitions. In addition, certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain financial covenants that require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including certain coverage ratios. These covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain transactions that might otherwise be advantageous to us. In addition, our ability to comply with these provisions might be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with any of our financing covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate the related indebtedness as well as other of our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Disruption in the capital and credit markets may increase the cost of capital and may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements. We depend on free cash flow and external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business, execute on our business model, and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. Our access to financing depends on our credit ratings, the willingness of lending institutions and other debt investors to grant credit to us 22 Table of Contents and conditions in the capital markets in general, which can impact both our cost of capital and, to a lesser degree, our ability to access capital. An economic recession may cause extreme volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets. We rely upon the Credit Facilities as sources of funding for numerous transactions. Our access to these funds is dependent upon the ability of each of the participants to the Credit Facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. When markets are volatile, access to capital and credit markets could be disrupted over an extended period of time and one or more financial institutions may not have the available capital to meet their previous commitments to us. The failure of one or more participants to the Credit Facilities to meet their funding commitments to us could have a material adverse effect on us, including as a result of making it difficult to obtain the financing we may need for future growth and/or meeting our debt service requirements. Additionally, a high interest rate environment, could prevent us from accessing capital at attractive interest rates, which could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt at maturity as well as our ability to fund development and/or opportunistic acquisition activities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for the future growth of our business, execution on our business model or to meet our debt service requirements, or that a sufficient amount of financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. The Operating Partnership’s outstanding senior unsecured notes, the Credit Facilities, the Commercial Paper program, and Simon’s preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to us and our industry and the economic outlook in general. Our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. Since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit ratings, including actual changes and changes in outlook, or even the initiation of a review of our credit ratings that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us. An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt on attractive terms, or at all; our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $311.0 million of outstanding consolidated indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates, and we may incur more variable rate indebtedness in the future. When interest rates increase, then so does the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or significantly increase our future interest expense. We selectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap all or a portion of our variable rate debt. In addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and other terms are appropriate. Our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful. Our use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations or that we could be required to fund our contractual payment obligations under such arrangements in relatively large amounts or on short notice. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Termination of these hedging agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. Risks Related to Joint Ventures We have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them. As of December 31, 2025, we owned interests in 110 income-producing properties with other parties. Of those, 22 properties are included in our consolidated financial statements. We apply the equity method of accounting to the other 88 properties (the joint venture properties), our investments in Klépierre (a publicly traded, Paris-based real estate company),  as well as our investments in certain entities involved in retail operations, such as Catalyst Brands LLC; an e-commerce venture Rue Gilt Groupe, or RGG, and Jamestown (a global real estate investment and management company), collectively, our other platform investments. We serve as general partner or property manager for 51 of these 88 joint venture properties; however, certain major decisions, such as approving the operating budget and selling, refinancing, and redeveloping the properties, require the consent of the other owners. Of the joint venture properties for which we do not serve as general partner or property manager, 29 are in our international joint ventures. These international properties are 23 Table of Contents managed locally by joint ventures in which we share control of the properties with our partner. The other owners have participating rights that we consider substantive for purposes of determining control over the joint venture properties’ assets. The remaining joint venture properties, Klépierre and our other platform investments are managed by joint ventures in which we share control. These investments, and other future similar investments, could involve risks that would not be present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or other owners might become bankrupt, suffer a deterioration in their creditworthiness, or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. If one of our partners or other owners in these investments were to become bankrupt, we may be precluded from taking certain actions regarding our investments without prior court approval, which at a minimum may delay the actions we would or might want to take. Additionally, partners or other owners could have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our own business interests or goals, and could be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. These investments, and other future similar investments, also have the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as a sale, financing or development, because neither we nor our partner or other owner has full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or other owners might result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent Simon’s officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. Consequently, actions by, or disputes with, partners or other owners might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we risk the possibility of being liable for the actions of our partners or other owners. The Operating Partnership guarantees debt or otherwise provides support for a number of joint venture properties. Joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property, which is non-recourse to us. Nevertheless, the joint venture’s failure to satisfy its debt obligations could result in the loss of our investment therein. As of December 31, 2025, the Operating Partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage indebtedness of $118.8 million. A default by a joint venture under its debt obligations would expose us to liability under a guaranty. We may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not typically required contractually or otherwise. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors may incorporate generative AI tools into their services and deliverables without disclosing this use to us, and the providers of these generative AI tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards with respect to privacy and data protection and may inhibit our or our vendors’ ability to maintain an adequate level of service and experience or 24 Table of Contents confidentiality. Sensitive, proprietary, or confidential information of the Company, our tenants and employees, could be used in a generative AI or machine learning application and we may be unable to control, safeguard, or prevent the use or misuse of such information. Moreover, generative AI or machine learning models may create incomplete, inaccurate, or otherwise flawed outputs, some of which may be difficult to detect. Because of these issues, these models could lead us to make flawed decisions that could result in adverse consequences to us, including exposure to reputational and competitive harm, customer loss, and legal liability. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of AI, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information, and intellectual property. In addition, uncertainty in the legal regulatory regime relating to AI, including as a result of inconsistent interpretation or application, may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with applicable law, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time.  Despite the risks related to AI, many of our competitors, retailers and consumers are increasingly using AI in their decision-making processes. Laws or regulations may prevent or limit our ability to use AI in our business, lead to regulatory fines or penalties, or require us to change our business practices. If we cannot use AI, if our use is restricted, or if we fail to adapt to changes from an increased use of AI, our business may be less efficient, or we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Any of these outcomes could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information, and adversely impact our business. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our computer systems, hardware, technology infrastructure, online sites and related systems. We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites for the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations (collectively, “IT Systems”) and, in some cases, our IT Systems may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. We own and manage some of these IT Systems but also rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services. And we collect, maintain and process confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information about investors, tenants, partners, businesses, our employees, and others, including personally identifiable information, as well as confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information belonging to our business such as trade secrets (collectively, “Confidential Information”). We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and Confidential Information. The risk of a cyber incident has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks have increased globally, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, information service interruptions and cyber terrorists, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, as well as through various attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error, and as a result of bugs, misconfigurations or exploited vulnerabilities in software or hardware. Techniques used in cyber incidents evolve frequently, may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world and be difficult to detect and may not be recognized until launched against a target. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. For example, unauthorized parties, whether within or outside the Company, may disrupt or gain access to our IT Systems, those of our tenants, or those of other third parties with whom we do business, through human error, misfeasance, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceit, including break-ins, use of stolen credentials, social engineering, phishing, computer viruses or other malicious codes, and similar means of unauthorized and destructive tampering. The risk of a security breach or significant disruption has generally increased due to our increased reliance on technology, a rise in the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks globally, and the permanent nature of remote work as business travel has resumed and people now routinely work remotely outside of normal business hours. A breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants and revenues, generate third party claims, cause operational disruption, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of Confidential Information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. We may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers or responsible parties, or their or our insurers. Additionally, cyber-attacks perpetrated against our tenants, including unauthorized access to customers’ credit card data and other confidential information, could diminish consumer confidence and spending at our tenants, or negatively impact consumer perception of shopping at our properties, all of which could materially and adversely affect us. As have many companies, we and our third party vendors have been impacted by security incidents in the past and will likely continue to experience security incidents of varying degrees. While we do not believe these incidents have had a material impact to date, as our reliance on technology increases, so do the risks of a security incident. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on us. 25 Table of Contents In addition, our processing of Confidential Information, including personally identifiable information, subjects us to various federal, state and local laws, regulations and industry standards governing the collection, use, storage, sharing, transmission and other processing of personal information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements that are subject to differing interpretations. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies or regulatory guidance relating to privacy or data security may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity and could cause our investors to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and information. Our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations. As of December 31, 2025, we held interests in consolidated and joint venture properties that operate in Austria, Canada, France, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, the People’s Republic of China, South Korea, Spain, Thailand, and the United Kingdom. We also have an equity stake in Klépierre, a publicly traded European real estate company which operates in 13 countries in Europe. Accordingly, our operating results and the value of our international operations may be impacted by any unhedged movements in the foreign currencies in which those operations transact and in which our net investment in those international operations is held. While we occasionally enter into hedging agreements to manage our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates, these agreements may not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely. We may pursue additional investment, ownership, development and redevelopment/expansion opportunities outside the United States. Such international activities carry risks that are different from, or may be of a different magnitude than, those we face with our domestic properties and operations. These risks include, but are not limited to: ● adverse effects of changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies; ● changes in foreign political and economic environments, regionally, nationally, and locally; ● impact from threatened or implemented tariffs and international trade disputes and the associated impact on our tenants’ supply chain and consumer spending levels; ● challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including corporate governance, operations, taxes and litigation, may lead to operating inefficiencies or increased costs ; ● the risk that we, our employees and/or agents could violate anti-bribery, anti-corruption and international trade laws in the U.S., such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and certain foreign countries, such as the U.K. Bribery Act, which could result in criminal or civil sanctions and/or fines, negatively impact our reputation, or require us to incur significant expenses to investigate; ● differing lending practices; ● differences in cultures and consumer retail behavior may create operational complexity and result in inefficiencies ; ● changes in applicable laws and regulations in the United States that affect international operations; ● changes in applicable laws and regulations in these foreign jurisdictions; ● difficulties in managing international operations, in particular where our properties are held in joint ventures ; ● obstacles to the repatriation of earnings and cash; and ● labor discord, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics, the fear of spread of contagious diseases, supply chain disruptions or the threat of international boycotts. Our international activities represented approximately 2.3% of consolidated net income and 9.7% of our net operating income, or NOI, for the year ended December 31, 2025. To the extent that we expand our international activities, the above risks could increase in significance, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on us. Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments None. 26 Table of Contents Item 1C.  Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. We execute a risk-based approach to identify and assess the cybersecurity threats that could affect our business and information systems. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan and dedicated cybersecurity incident response team (“CSIRT”).  We do not have actual or contractual access to the systems or information maintained by our tenants, who maintain their own cybersecurity risk management programs to protect their operations from various risks from cybersecurity threats. We use the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework and CIS Critical Security Controls as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business. This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated with our overall enterprise risk management program, and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the enterprise risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, public relations and financial risk areas. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes the following key elements: ● risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, services, and our broader enterprise information technology (IT) environment; ● a team comprised of IT security, infrastructure, and compliance personnel principally responsible for directing (1) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security processes, and (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents, supported by legal, human resources, corporate security and other internal resources; ● the use of external cybersecurity service providers , where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security processes, which enable us to leverage specialized knowledge and insights, with the goal of ensuring our cybersecurity strategies and processes remain at the forefront of industry best practices; ● cybersecurity awareness training of employees with access to our IT systems; ● a cybersecurity incident response plan and Security Operations Center (“SOC”) to respond to cybersecurity incidents; and ● a third-party risk management process for service providers. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us , including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We face certain ongoing risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. See further discussion in

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of reducing our carbon and environmental footprint. We have already achieved our initial target of reducing water usage by 20% (2013 baseline), and we set a new target to reduce water for comparable centers by 15% by 2030, base year 2022. The Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors (“Board”) has been allocated the oversight of our sustainability policies.  Additionally, the Board has delegated to the Audit Committee the oversight and the annual disclosure of our sustainability programs in the form of an annual sustainability report. In 2025, we were once again awarded a Green Star rating (2014-2025) - the highest designation awarded for leadership in sustainability performance by the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark. To learn more about our sustainability initiatives and detailed reporting please access our latest Sustainability Report at investors.simon.com.  Information in the Sustainability Report and our Company website is not incorporated herein by reference and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ​ Mortgages and Unsecured Debt The following table sets forth certain information regarding the mortgages encumbering our properties, and the properties held by our domestic and international joint venture arrangements, and also our unsecured corporate debt. Substantially all of the mortgage and property related debt is nonrecourse to us. ​ ​ 47 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Interest ​ Face ​ Annual Debt ​ Maturity ​ Property Name ​ ​ ​ Rate ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Service (1) ​ ​ ​ Date ​ Consolidated Indebtedness: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Secured Indebtedness: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Arizona Mills 3.80 % ​ ​ $ 91,995 ​ ​ $ 5,503 ​ ​ 09/01/26 ​ Birch Run Premium Outlets 4.21 % ​ ​ ​ 123,000 ​ ​ ​ 5,177 (2) ​ 02/06/26 ​ Briarwood Mall 3.29 % ​ ​ ​ 165,000 ​ ​ ​ 5,432 (2) ​ 09/01/26 ​ Calhoun Outlet Marketplace 4.17 % ​ ​ ​ 15,821 (19) ​ ​ 1,120 ​ ​ 06/01/26 ​ Cherry Creek Shopping Center 3.85 % ​ ​ ​ 550,000 ​ ​ ​ 21,175 (2) ​ 06/01/28 ​ City Creek Center 7.63 % ​ ​ ​ 70,000 ​ ​ ​ 5,341 (2) ​ 05/01/29 ​ Dolphin Mall 5.35 % (44) ​ ​ 1,000,000 ​ ​ ​ 53,500 (2) ​ 12/09/29 (3) Domain, The 3.09 % ​ ​ ​ 210,000 ​ ​ ​ 6,497 (2) ​ 07/01/31 ​ Ellenton Premium Outlets 6.21 % ​ ​ ​ 120,000 ​ ​ ​ 7,450 (2) ​ 12/01/35 ​ Empire Mall 6.72 % ​ ​ ​ 120,000 ​ ​ ​ 8,059 (2) ​ 10/01/30 ​ Gaffney Outlet Marketplace 4.17 % ​ ​ ​ 25,558 (19) ​ ​ 1,809 ​ ​ 06/01/26 ​ Gloucester Premium Outlets 6.12 % ​ ​ ​ 75,000 ​ ​ ​ 4,593 (2) ​ 03/01/33 ​ Great Lakes Crossing Outlets 6.52 % ​ ​ ​ 180,000 ​ ​ ​ 11,738 (2) ​ 02/01/33 ​ Grove City Premium Outlets ​ 7.31 % ​ ​ ​ 140,000 ​ ​ ​ 10,232 (2) ​ 12/01/28 (3) Gulfport Premium Outlets 7.35 % ​ ​ ​ 50,000 ​ ​ ​ 3,674 (2) ​ 12/01/28 (3) Gurnee Mills 3.99 % ​ ​ ​ 257,710 ​ ​ ​ 10,283 (2) ​ 10/01/26 ​ Hagerstown Premium Outlets 4.26 % ​ ​ ​ 68,365 ​ ​ ​ 2,912 (2) ​ 02/06/26 ​ La Reggia Designer Outlets Phases 1 & 2 4.44 % (25) ​ ​ 185,964 (30) ​ ​ 15,515 ​ ​ 03/31/27 ​ Lee Premium Outlets 4.17 % ​ ​ ​ 43,813 (19) ​ ​ 3,102 ​ ​ 06/01/26 ​ Mall at Short Hills, The 3.48 % ​ ​ ​ 1,000,000 ​ ​ ​ 34,800 (2) ​ 10/01/27 ​ Miami International Mall 7.92 % ​ ​ ​ 151,980 ​ ​ ​ 12,037 (2) ​ 02/06/26 ​ Noventa Di Piave Designer Outlet Phases 1, 2, 3, 4 ​ 4.48 % ​ ​ ​ 325,899 (30) ​ ​ 14,597 (2) ​ 01/23/26 ​ Ochtrup Designer Outlet ​ 2.10 % ​ ​ ​ 58,701 (30) ​ ​ 1,233 (2) ​ 06/30/26 ​ Opry Mills ​ 4.09 % ​ ​ ​ 375,000 ​ ​ ​ 15,345 (2) ​ 07/01/26 ​ Paris-Giverny Designer Outlet ​ 4.66 % (42) ​ ​ 81,947 (30) ​ ​ 3,815 (2) ​ 06/11/26 ​ Parndorf Designer Outlet ​ 2.00 % ​ ​ ​ 212,307 (30) ​ ​ 4,246 (2) ​ 07/04/29 ​ Penn Square Mall ​ 3.84 % ​ ​ ​ 310,000 ​ ​ ​ 11,910 (2) ​ 01/01/26 ​ Pismo Beach Premium Outlets ​ 3.33 % ​ ​ ​ 29,393 (20) ​ ​ 1,922 ​ ​ 09/06/26 ​ Pleasant Prairie Premium Outlets ​ 4.00 % ​ ​ ​ 145,000 ​ ​ ​ 5,793 (2) ​ 09/01/27 ​ Potomac Mills 3.46 % ​ ​ ​ 416,000 ​ ​ ​ 14,383 (2) ​ 11/01/26 ​ Provence Designer Outlet ​ 4.00 % (33) ​ ​ 110,453 (30) ​ ​ 4,418 (2) ​ 07/27/27 (3) Queenstown Premium Outlets ​ 3.33 % ​ ​ ​ 51,635 (20) ​ ​ 3,376 ​ ​ 09/06/26 ​ Roermond Designer Outlet 3.90 % ​ ​ ​ 328,726 (30) ​ ​ 12,814 (2) ​ 06/06/29 ​ Roosendaal Designer Outlets 5.40 % (24) ​ ​ 76,311 (30) ​ ​ 4,122 (2) ​ 02/28/29 (3) Shops at Chestnut Hill, The 6.66 % ​ ​ ​ 91,404 ​ ​ ​ 7,871 ​ ​ 08/31/33 ​ South Park Mall Hotel 4.76 % ​ ​ ​ 14,340 ​ ​ ​ 1,117 ​ ​ 02/01/31 ​ Southridge Mall 3.85 % ​ ​ ​ 103,889 ​ ​ ​ 4,004 (2) ​ 06/06/23 (8) 48 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Interest ​ Face ​ Annual Debt ​ Maturity ​ Property Name ​ ​ ​ Rate ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Service (1) ​ ​ ​ Date ​ Summit Mall 3.31 % ​ ​ $ 85,000 ​ ​ $ 2,817 (2) ​ 10/01/26 ​ Syosset Park ​ 5.29 % (16) ​ ​ 85,000 ​ ​ ​ 4,494 (2) ​ 04/01/30 (3) Twelve Oaks Mall 4.85 % ​ ​ ​ 260,737 ​ ​ ​ 18,987 ​ ​ 03/06/28 ​ University Park Village 3.85 % ​ ​ ​ 48,927 ​ ​ ​ 3,116 ​ ​ 05/01/28 ​ White Oaks Mall ​ 6.98 % ​ ​ ​ 31,652 ​ ​ ​ 2,210 (2) ​ 06/15/27 ​ Williamsburg Premium Outlets ​ 4.23 % ​ ​ ​ 185,000 ​ ​ ​ 7,824 (2) ​ 02/06/26 ​ Wolfchase Galleria ​ 4.15 % ​ ​ ​ 155,152 ​ ​ ​ 6,433 (2) ​ 11/01/26 ​ Total Consolidated Secured Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 8,226,679 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Unsecured Indebtedness: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Simon Property Group, L.P. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Revolving Credit Facility - USD 4.12 % (15) ​ $ 460,000 ​ ​ $ 18,973 (2) ​ 06/30/28 (3) Global Commercial Paper - USD 4.04 % (4) ​ ​ 355,000 ​ ​ ​ 14,337 (2) ​ 01/22/26 (4) Unsecured Notes - 22C ​ 6.75 % ​ ​ ​ 600,000 ​ ​ ​ 40,500 (14) ​ 02/01/40 ​ Unsecured Notes - 25C 4.75 % ​ ​ ​ 550,000 ​ ​ ​ 26,125 (14) ​ 03/15/42 ​ Unsecured Notes - 28B 4.25 % ​ ​ ​ 400,000 ​ ​ 17,000 (14) ​ 10/01/44 ​ Unsecured Notes - 30B 3.30 % ​ ​ ​ 800,000 ​ ​ 26,400 (14) ​ 01/15/26 ​ Unsecured Notes - 31B 3.25 % ​ ​ ​ 750,000 ​ ​ ​ 24,375 (14) ​ 11/30/26 ​ Unsecured Notes - 31C 4.25 % ​ ​ ​ 550,000 ​ ​ ​ 23,375 (14) ​ 11/30/46 ​ Unsecured Notes - 32B 3.38 % ​ ​ ​ 750,000 ​ ​ 25,313 (14) ​ 06/15/27 ​ Unsecured Notes - 33B 3.38 % ​ ​ ​ 750,000 ​ ​ 25,313 (14) ​ 12/01/27 ​ Unsecured Notes - 34B ​ 2.45 % ​ ​ ​ 1,250,000 ​ ​ ​ 30,625 (14) ​ 09/13/29 ​ Unsecured Notes - 34C ​ 3.25 % ​ ​ ​ 1,250,000 ​ ​ ​ 40,625 (14) ​ 09/13/49 ​ Unsecured Notes - 35A ​ 2.65 % ​ ​ ​ 750,000 ​ ​ ​ 19,875 (14) ​ 07/15/30 ​ Unsecured Notes - 35B 3.80 % ​ ​ ​ 750,000 ​ ​ 28,500 (14) ​ 07/15/50 ​ Unsecured Notes - 36A 1.75 % ​ ​ ​ 800,000 ​ ​ 14,000 (14) ​ 02/01/28 ​ Unsecured Notes - 36B 2.20 % ​ ​ ​ 700,000 ​ ​ 15,400 (14) ​ 02/01/31 ​ Unsecured Notes - 37A 1.38 % ​ ​ ​ 550,000 ​ ​ 7,563 (14) ​ 01/15/27 ​ Unsecured Notes - 37B 2.25 % ​ ​ ​ 700,000 ​ ​ 15,750 (14) ​ 01/15/32 ​ Unsecured Notes - 38B 2.65 % ​ ​ ​ 700,000 ​ ​ 18,550 (14) ​ 02/01/32 ​ Unsecured Notes - 39A 5.50 % ​ ​ ​ 650,000 ​ ​ 35,750 (14) ​ 03/08/33 ​ Unsecured Notes - 39B 5.85 % ​ ​ ​ 650,000 ​ ​ 38,025 (14) ​ 03/08/53 ​ Unsecured Notes - 40A ​ 6.25 % ​ ​ ​ 500,000 ​ ​ ​ 31,250 (14) ​ 01/15/34 ​ Unsecured Notes - 40B ​ 6.65 % ​ ​ ​ 500,000 ​ ​ ​ 33,250 (14) ​ 01/15/54 ​ Unsecured Notes - 41A ​ 4.75 % ​ ​ ​ 1,000,000 ​ ​ ​ 47,500 (14) ​ 09/26/34 ​ Unsecured Notes - 42 A ​ 4.38 % ​ ​ ​ 700,000 ​ ​ ​ 30,625 (14) ​ 10/01/30 ​ Unsecured Notes - 42 B ​ 5.13 % ​ ​ ​ 800,000 ​ ​ ​ 41,000 (14) ​ 10/01/35 ​ Unsecured Notes - Euro 4 ​ 1.13 % ​ ​ ​ 880,516 (13) ​ ​ 9,906 (6) ​ 03/19/33 ​ Unsecured Bonds - Exchangable Euro 5 ​ 3.50 % (41) ​ ​ 862,436 (10) ​ ​ 30,185 (14) ​ 11/14/26 ​ Euro Term Loan - 1 2.60 % (27) ​ ​ 410,908 (40) ​ 10,669 (2) ​ 03/20/27 ​ 49 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Interest ​ Face ​ Annual Debt ​ Maturity ​ Property Name ​ ​ ​ Rate ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Service (1) ​ ​ ​ Date ​ Total Consolidated Unsecured Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 20,368,860 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Consolidated Indebtedness at Face Amounts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 28,595,539 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Premium on Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,065 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Discount on Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (73,175) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Debt Issuance Costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (117,853) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Other Debt Obligations ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 24,599 (18) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Consolidated Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 28,430,175 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Our Share of Consolidated Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 27,920,880 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Joint Venture Indebtedness: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Secured Indebtedness: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Arundel Mills 7.70 % ​ ​ $ 360,000 ​ ​ $ 27,724 (2) ​ 11/01/33 ​ Ashford Designer Outlet 4.80 % (35) ​ 139,271 (21) ​ 6,411 (2) ​ 05/23/27 ​ Aventura Mall -1 4.12 % ​ ​ 1,750,000 ​ ​ 72,122 (2) ​ 07/01/28 ​ Aventura Mall -2 5.79 % (1) ​ ​ 86,500 ​ ​ ​ 5,006 (2) ​ 11/25/30 (3) Avenues, The 3.60 % ​ ​ 100,000 ​ ​ 3,600 (2) ​ 02/06/26 ​ Busan Premium Outlets 3.64 % ​ ​ 132,960 (17) ​ 4,836 (2) ​ 04/28/28 ​ Cape Cod Mall 6.46 % ​ ​ ​ 54,000 ​ ​ ​ 3,486 (2) ​ 06/01/35 ​ Charlotte Premium Outlets ​ 4.27 % ​ ​ ​ 95,814 ​ ​ ​ 5,953 ​ ​ 07/01/28 ​ CityOn Xian ​ 3.60 % ​ ​ ​ 76,747 (43) ​ ​ 25,131 ​ ​ 03/14/29 ​ CityOn Zhengzhou ​ 3.85 % ​ ​ ​ 104,827 (43) ​ ​ 4,059 ​ ​ 03/22/32 ​ Clarksburg Premium Outlets ​ 3.95 % ​ ​ ​ 151,387 ​ ​ ​ 9,169 ​ ​ 01/01/28 ​ Coconut Point ​ 3.95 % ​ ​ ​ 163,459 ​ ​ ​ 10,643 ​ ​ 10/01/26 ​ Colorado Mills - 1 ​ 4.28 % ​ ​ ​ 99,243 ​ ​ ​ 15,699 ​ ​ 11/01/26 ​ Colorado Mills - 2 ​ 2.80 % ​ ​ ​ 30,000 ​ ​ ​ 840 (2) ​ 07/01/31 ​ Concord Mills ​ 6.55 % ​ ​ ​ 227,137 ​ ​ ​ 17,796 ​ ​ 11/01/32 ​ Coral Square Residential ​ 5.74 % (1) ​ ​ 37,150 ​ ​ ​ 3,371 ​ ​ 04/04/28 (3) Dadeland Mall ​ 3.11 % ​ ​ ​ 352,638 ​ ​ ​ 19,879 ​ ​ 01/05/27 ​ Dadeland Mall Hotel 6.19 % (1) ​ 30,000 ​ ​ 1,856 (2) ​ 12/30/30 ​ Del Amo Fashion Center 3.66 % ​ ​ 585,000 ​ ​ 21,396 (2) ​ 06/01/27 ​ Domain Westin 5.69 % (1) ​ ​ 60,006 ​ ​ ​ 3,413 (2) ​ 08/28/32 (3) Dover Mall 5.57 % ​ ​ 76,292 ​ ​ 4,250 (2) ​ 08/06/26 ​ Falls, The 3.45 % ​ ​ 150,000 ​ ​ 5,175 (2) ​ 09/01/26 ​ Fashion Centre Pentagon ​ 6.74 % (38) ​ ​ 455,000 ​ ​ ​ 30,672 (2) ​ 05/09/26 ​ Fashion Valley 5.73 % ​ ​ 450,000 ​ ​ 25,785 (2) ​ 06/01/33 ​ Florida Mall, The 5.99 % (36) ​ 600,000 ​ ​ 35,925 (2) ​ 02/09/27 (3) Fukaya-Hanazono Premium Outlets 0.70 % ​ ​ 68,304 (26) ​ 479 (2) ​ 10/01/32 ​ Galleria, The 5.65 % ​ ​ 1,200,000 ​ ​ 67,809 (2) ​ 02/01/35 ​ Gardens Mall, The ​ 5.63 % ​ ​ ​ 205,000 ​ ​ ​ 11,542 (2) ​ 07/15/28 ​ 50 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Interest ​ Face ​ Annual Debt ​ Maturity ​ Property Name ​ ​ ​ Rate ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Service (1) ​ ​ ​ Date ​ Gotemba Premium Outlets ​ 0.31 % ​ ​ $ 82,985 (26) ​ $ 256 (2) ​ 05/31/27 ​ Grapevine Mills ​ 6.26 % ​ ​ ​ 250,000 ​ ​ ​ 15,660 (2) ​ 07/01/34 ​ Hamilton Town Center ​ 5.84 % (1) ​ ​ 92,663 ​ ​ ​ 6,526 ​ ​ 02/24/30 (3) International Plaza ​ 5.04 % ​ ​ ​ 575,000 ​ ​ ​ 28,980 (2) ​ 11/01/30 ​ Jakarta Premium Outlet ​ 9.25 % ​ ​ ​ 45,619 ​ ​ ​ 5,129 ​ ​ 12/29/33 (3) Johor Premium Outlet ​ 5.13 % (7) ​ ​ 2,249 (9) ​ ​ 115 (2) ​ 09/30/31 ​ Katy Mills ​ 5.77 % ​ ​ ​ 124,453 ​ ​ ​ 9,071 ​ ​ 08/01/32 ​ Lakeline Residential ​ 6.69 % (1) ​ ​ 28,617 ​ ​ ​ 1,914 (2) ​ 01/16/29 (3) Lehigh Valley Mall ​ 4.06 % ​ ​ ​ 168,348 ​ ​ ​ 11,545 ​ ​ 11/01/27 ​ Liberty Tree Mall ​ 6.18 % (27) ​ ​ 27,644 ​ ​ ​ 2,077 ​ ​ 05/03/28 ​ Malaga Designer Outlet ​ 4.28 % (22) ​ ​ 74,551 (30) ​ ​ 3,188 (2) ​ 05/05/28 (3) Mall at Rockingham Park, The ​ 4.04 % ​ ​ ​ 262,000 ​ ​ ​ 10,585 (2) ​ 06/01/26 ​ Mall at Millenia, The ​ 5.41 % ​ ​ ​ 450,000 ​ ​ ​ 24,345 (2) ​ 10/15/29 ​ Mall of New Hampshire, The ​ 4.11 % ​ ​ ​ 150,000 ​ ​ ​ 6,162 (2) ​ 07/01/28 (3) Mall at University Town Center, The ​ 3.40 % ​ ​ ​ 263,030 ​ ​ ​ 14,826 ​ ​ 11/01/26 ​ Meadowood Mall ​ 5.70 % ​ ​ ​ 99,140 ​ ​ ​ 8,028 ​ ​ 12/01/26 ​ Norfolk Premium Outlets ​ 4.50 % ​ ​ ​ 73,039 ​ ​ ​ 4,541 ​ ​ 04/01/32 ​ Northshore Mall ​ 6.36 % ​ ​ ​ 175,000 ​ ​ ​ 11,121 (2) ​ 01/01/31 ​ Paju Premium Outlets ​ 3.75 % ​ ​ ​ 38,087 (17) ​ ​ 25,667 ​ ​ 03/13/27 ​ Premium Outlet Collection Edmonton IA 3.85 % (37) ​ 99,561 (5) ​ 3,827 (2) ​ 11/30/27 (3) Premium Outlets Montréal ​ 4.69 % ​ ​ ​ 87,539 (5) ​ ​ 4,487 ​ ​ 09/01/31 ​ Quaker Bridge Mall 4.50 % ​ ​ 180,000 ​ ​ 8,100 (2) ​ 05/01/26 ​ Queretaro Premium Outlets 11.03 % ​ ​ ​ 19,921 (32) ​ ​ 4,782 ​ ​ 12/20/33 ​ Rinku Premium Outlets 0.30 % ​ ​ 37,663 (26) ​ 114 (2) ​ 07/31/27 ​ Roermond 4 Designer Outlet 4.02 % (23) ​ ​ 234,804 (30) ​ ​ 9,433 (2) ​ 08/18/30 ​ Roosevelt Field Hotel 6.54 % (34) ​ 48,800 ​ ​ 3,700 ​ ​ 06/29/27 (3) Round Rock Residential 5.94 % ​ ​ 31,713 ​ ​ 1,884 (2) ​ 07/01/29 ​ Sano Premium Outlets 1.28 % ​ ​ 29,046 (26) ​ 372 (2) ​ 02/29/28 ​ Shisui Premium Outlets Phase 2 0.68 % ​ ​ 5,107 (26) ​ 35 (2) ​ 05/31/29 ​ Shisui Premium Outlets Phase 3 1.03 % ​ ​ ​ 16,596 (26) ​ ​ 171 (2) ​ 11/30/28 ​ Shops at Clearfork, The - 1 2.92 % (27) ​ 145,000 ​ ​ 4,238 (2) ​ 03/11/30 ​ Shops at Clearfork, The - 2 6.80 % (1) ​ ​ 2,250 ​ ​ ​ 153 (2) ​ 03/11/30 ​ Shops at Crystals, The 3.74 % ​ ​ 550,000 ​ ​ 20,592 (2) ​ 07/01/26 ​ Shops at Mission Viejo, The 6.73 % ​ ​ 180,000 ​ ​ 12,105 (2) ​ 01/01/35 ​ Siam Premium Outlets Bangkok 4.69 % ​ ​ ​ 58,500 (11) ​ ​ 2,744 (2) ​ 06/05/31 ​ Siheung Premium Outlets 4.38 % ​ ​ 96,952 (17) ​ 4,246 (2) ​ 03/15/26 ​ Silver Sands Premium Outlets 3.96 % ​ ​ ​ 140,000 ​ ​ ​ 5,543 (2) ​ 03/01/32 ​ Southdale Hotel ​ 6.04 % (1) ​ 15,155 ​ ​ 1,118 ​ ​ 06/01/28 ​ Southdale Residential 4.46 % ​ ​ 33,348 ​ ​ 2,551 ​ ​ 10/15/35 ​ 51 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Interest ​ Face ​ Annual Debt ​ Maturity ​ Property Name ​ ​ ​ Rate ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Service (1) ​ ​ ​ Date ​ Springfield Mall ​ 4.45 % ​ ​ $ 52,465 ​ ​ $ 2,334 (2) ​ 10/06/25 (8) Square One Mall 5.47 % ​ ​ 76,187 ​ ​ 4,170 (2) ​ 01/06/27 ​ Starfield Anseong 3.75 % ​ ​ 237,748 (17) ​ 8,916 (2) ​ 02/28/28 ​ Starfield Hanam 3.72 % ​ ​ 468,702 (17) ​ 17,436 (2) ​ 07/28/30 ​ St. Johns Town Center 5.95 % ​ ​ 360,000 ​ ​ 21,413 (2) ​ 06/01/34 ​ St. Johns Hotel 5.88 % ​ ​ 25,500 ​ ​ 1,499 (2) ​ 10/30/30 ​ St. Louis Premium Outlets 4.06 % ​ ​ 81,887 ​ ​ 5,387 ​ ​ 10/06/27 ​ Stoneridge Shopping Center 3.50 % ​ ​ 330,000 ​ ​ 11,550 (2) ​ 09/05/26 ​ Sugarloaf Mills 8.02 % ​ ​ 63,882 ​ ​ 6,617 ​ ​ 05/01/29 ​ Tanger Outlets Columbus 6.25 % ​ ​ 71,000 ​ ​ 4,439 (2) ​ 10/01/32 ​ Tanger Outlets - Galveston/Houston 5.06 % (12) ​ 60,000 ​ ​ 3,035 (2) ​ 06/26/30 ​ Tosu Premium Outlets 0.97 % ​ ​ 39,578 (26) ​ 385 (2) ​ 10/31/26 ​ Twin Cities Premium Outlets ​ 6.70 % ​ ​ ​ 95,000 ​ ​ ​ 6,361 (2) ​ 11/01/34 ​ Vancouver Designer Outlet 5.97 % (39) ​ 120,366 (5) ​ 6,141 (2) ​ 12/01/27 (3) Waterside Shops 3.86 % ​ ​ 154,337 ​ ​ 5,957 (2) ​ 04/15/26 ​ Westfarms 7.80 % ​ ​ 242,000 ​ ​ 18,864 (2) ​ 09/06/28 ​ West Midlands Designer Outlets 7.49 % (28) ​ 87,464 (21) ​ 6,551 (2) ​ 06/06/26 ​ Westchester, The 3.25 % ​ ​ 400,000 ​ ​ 13,000 (2) ​ 02/01/30 ​ Woodfield Mall 6.71 % ​ ​ 294,000 ​ ​ 19,730 (2) ​ 12/01/33 ​ Yeoju Premium Outlets 3.85 % ​ ​ 38,089 (17) ​ 1,468 (2) ​ 09/28/27 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Joint Venture Secured Indebtedness at Face Amount ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 16,133,320 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ TMLP Indebtedness at Face Amount ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 258,980 (29) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Joint Venture and TMLP Indebtedness at Face Amount ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 16,392,300 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Debt Issuance Costs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (41,527) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Other Debt Obligations and Other ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 24,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Joint Venture Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 16,374,773 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Our Share of Joint Venture Indebtedness ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 7,513,924 (31) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 52 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) ​ (1) Variable rate loans based on one-month (1M) SOFR plus interest rate spreads ranging from 110 bps to 310 bps. As of December 31, 2025, 1M SOFR was 3.6875%.Requires monthly payment of interest only. (2) Requires monthly payment of interest only. (3) Includes applicable extension available at the Applicable Borrower's option. (4) Reflects the weighted average maturity date and weighted average interest rate of all outstanding tranches of commercial paper at December 31, 2025. (5) Amount shown in USD equivalent. CAD Equivalent is 421.5 million. (6) Requires annual payment of interest only. (7) Variable rate loans based on Cost of Fund plus an interest rate spread of 150 bps. As of December 31, 2025, Cost of Fund was 3.63%. (8) Mortgage is outstanding as of 12/31/2025. (9) Amount shown in USD Equivalent.  Ringgit equivalent is 9.1 million. (10) Amount shown in USD equivalent.  Euro equivalent is 734.6 million. (11) Amount shown in USD equivalent.  Baht equivalent is 1.8 billion. (12) Variable rate loan based on 1M SOFR plus an interest rate spread of 165 bps.  Through an interest rate swap agreement, 1M SOFR is currently fixed at 3.41%. (13) Amount shown in USD equivalent.  Euro equivalent is 750.0 million. (14) Requires semi-annual payments of interest only. (15) Credit Facility.  As of December 31, 2025, the Credit Facility bears interest at a SOFR index subject to a 8 bps adjustment plus 70.0 bps credit spread. The credit facility provides for different pricing based upon our investment grade rating.  Through an interest rate swap agreement, the SOFR index is currently fixed at 3.325%. As of December 31, 2025, $7.7 billion was available after outstanding borrowings and letters of credit under our Credit Facilities. (16) Variable rate loan based on 1M SOFR plus an interest rate spread of 160 bps.  Through an interest rate cap agreement, 1M SOFR is currently fixed at 5.50%. (17) Amount shown in USD equivalent.  Won Equivalent is 1.5 trillion. (18) City of Sunrise Bond Liability (Sawgrass Mills) and purchase accounting adjustments. (19) Loans secured by these three properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted. (20) Loans secured by these two properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted. (21) Amount shown in USD equivalent.  GBP equivalent is 168.5 million. (22) Variable rate loan based on 3M EURIBOR plus interest rate spread of 225 bps. Through an interest rate cap agreement 3M EURIBOR is capped at 3.50%. (23) Variable rate loan based on 3M EURIBOR plus interest rate spread of 170 bps. Through an interest rate swap agreement 3M EURIBOR is fixed at 2.318%. (24) Variable rate loan based on 3M EURIBOR plus an interest rate spread of 240 bps. Through an interest rate swap agreement, 3M EURIBOR is currently fixed at 3.00%. (25) Variable rate loan based on 3M EURIBOR plus an interest rate spread of 250bps.  Through an interest rate swap agreement, 3M Euribor is currently fixed at 1.7495% on a portion of the balance. As of December 31, 2025, 3M EURIBOR was 2.026%. (26) Amount shown in USD Equivalent.  Yen equivalent is 43.8 billion. (27) Associated with this loan is an interest rate swap agreement that effectively fixes the interest rate on this loan at the all-in rate presented. 53 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) (28) Variable rate loan based on Overnight SONIA plus an interest rate spread of 250bps.  Through an interest rate swap agreement, Overnight SONIA is fixed at 4.992%. (29) Consists of one property with an interest rate of 5.65% and maturity in 2025.  The mortgage was outstanding as of December 31, 2025. (30) Amount shown in USD equivalent.  Euro equivalent is 1.4 billion. (31) Our share of total indebtedness includes a pro rata share of the mortgage debt on joint venture properties, including The Mills Limited Partnership.  To the extent total indebtedness is secured by a property, it is non-recourse to us, with the exception of approximately $118.8 million of payment guarantees provided by the Operating Partnership. (32) Amount shown in USD equivalent. Peso equivalent is 358.5 million. (33) Variable rate loan based on 3M EURIBOR plus an interest rate spread of 200bps.  Through an interest rate cap agreement, 3M Euribor is currently fixed at 2.00%. (34) Variable rate loan based on 30 day Average SOFR plus an interest rate spread of 275 bps.  As of December 31, 2025, 30 day Average SOFR was 3.7866%. (35) Variable rate loan based on Overnight SONIA plus an interest rate spread of 215bps.  Through an interest rate swap agreement, Overnight SONIA is fixed at 2.14% for a portion of the balance.  As of December 31, 2025, Overnight SONIA was 3.726%. (36) Variable rate loan based on 1M SOFR plus an interest rate spread of 230 bps.  Through an interest rate cap agreement, 1M SOFR is currently fixed at 4.00%. (37) Variable rate loan based on one-month CAD-CORRA plus an interest rate spread of 159 bps.  As of December 31, 2025, CAD-CORRA was 2.30%. (38) Variable rate loan based on 1M SOFR plus an interest rate spread of 305 bps.  Through an interest rate cap agreement, 1M SOFR is currently fixed at 3.89%. (39) Variable rate loan based on one-month CAD-CORRA plus an interest rate spread of 215 bps.  Through an interest rate swap agreement, CAD-CORRA is currently fixed at 3.67% on a portion of the balance. As of December 31, 2025, CAD-CORRA was 2.30%. (40) Amount shown in USD equivalent.  Euro equivalent is 350.0 million. (41) Notes exchangeable into ordinary shares of Klépierre S.A. at a common price of €27.0693. (42) Variable rate loan based on 3M EURIBOR plus an interest rate spread of 270bps.  Through an interest rate cap agreement, 3M Euribor is currently fixed at 1.75%. (43) Amounts shown in USD Equivalent.  CNY Equivalent is 1.3 billion. (44) Variable rate loan based on 1M Term SOFR plus an interest rate spread of 163bps.  Through interest rate swap agreements, 1M Term SOFR is currently fixed at 3.716%. 54 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) The changes in consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Balance, Beginning of Year ​ $ 24,264,495 ​ $ 26,033,423 ​ $ 24,960,286 ​ Additions during period: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ New Loan Originations ​ 3,665,036 ​ 1,089,989 ​ 3,610,389 ​ Loans assumed in acquisitions and consolidation ​ 3,344,979 ​ 318,750 ​ — ​ Net (Discount)/Premium ​ (6,674) ​ (6,910) ​ (43,438) ​ Net Debt Issuance Costs ​ ​ (18,882) ​ ​ (23,298) ​ ​ (60,891) ​ Deductions during period: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Loan Retirements ​ (3,282,812) ​ (2,960,208) ​ (2,559,276) ​ Amortization of Net Discounts/(Premiums) ​ 8,961 ​ 5,827 ​ 432 ​ Debt Issuance Cost Amortization ​ ​ 32,291 ​ ​ 32,477 ​ ​ 28,660 ​ Scheduled Principal Amortization ​ (13,797) ​ (16,278) ​ (16,455) ​ Other ​ ​ (34,466) ​ ​ — ​ ​ — ​ Foreign Currency Translation ​ ​ 471,044 ​ ​ (209,277) ​ ​ 113,716 ​ Balance, Close of Year ​ $ 28,430,175 ​ $ 24,264,495 ​ $ 26,033,423 ​ ​ ​ ​ 55 Table of Contents Item 3.  Legal Proceedings We are involved from time-to-time in various legal and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including, but not limited to, commercial disputes, environmental matters, and litigation in connection with transactions such as acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that current proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. We record a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. ​ 56 Table of Contents Part II Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Simon Market Information Simon’s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “SPG”. Holders The number of holders of record of common stock outstanding was 957 as of January 31, 2026. The Class B common stock is subject to a voting trust in which David Simon and Eli Simon are trustees. Shares of Class B common stock convert automatically into an equal number of shares of common stock upon the occurrence of certain events and can be converted into shares of common stock at the option of the holders. Dividends Simon must pay a minimum amount of dividends to maintain its status as a REIT. Simon’s future dividends and future distributions of the Operating Partnership will be determined by Simon’s Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the amount required to maintain Simon’s status as a REIT. Common stock cash dividends paid during 2025 aggregated $8.55 per share. Common stock cash dividends during 2024 aggregated $8.10 per share. On February 2, 2026, Simon’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend for the first quarter of 2026 of $2.20 per share, payable on March 31, 2026 to shareholders of record on March 10, 2026. We offer a dividend reinvestment plan that allows Simon’s stockholders to acquire additional shares by automatically reinvesting cash dividends. Shares are acquired pursuant to the plan at a price equal to the prevailing market price of such shares, without payment of any brokerage commission or service charge. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities There were no unregistered sales of equity securities made by Simon during the quarter ended December 31, 2025. Issuances Under Equity Compensation Plans For information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table sets forth information regarding Simon’s purchases of shares of common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2025. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total number ​ Approximate ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ of shares ​ value of shares ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ purchased as ​ that may yet ​ Total number ​ Average ​ part of publicly ​ be purchased ​ ​ of shares ​ price paid ​ announced ​ under Period ​ ​ ​ purchased ​ ​ ​ per share ​ ​ ​ plans ​ ​ ​ plans (1) October 1, 2025 - October 31, 2025 — ​ $ — ​ — ​ $ 2,000,000,000 November 1, 2025 - November 30, 2025 — ​ $ — ​ — ​ $ 2,000,000,000 December 1, 2025 - December 31, 2025 1,246,190 ​ $ 182.02 ​ 1,246,190 ​ $ 1,773,173,608 ​ 1,246,190 ​ $ 182.02 ​ 1,246,190 ​ ​ ​ (1) On February 8, 2024, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase program under which Simon was permitted to purchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock during the two-year period commencing February 8, 2024 and ending on February 15, 2026 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warrant.  On February 5, 2026, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized a new common stock repurchase program, which immediately replaced the existing repurchase plan.  Under the new plan, Simon may purchase up to $2.0 billion 57 Table of Contents of its common stock during the period ending on February 29, 2028 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warrant.  As Simon repurchases shares under these programs, the Operating Partnership repurchases an equal number of units from Simon. ​ The Operating Partnership Market Information There is no established trading market for units or preferred units. Holders The number of holders of record of units was 232 as of January 31, 2026. Distributions The Operating Partnership makes distributions on its units in amounts sufficient to permit Simon to pay dividends required to maintain Simon's qualification as a REIT. Simon is required each year to distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its REIT taxable income after certain adjustments. Future distributions will be determined by Simon’s Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the distributions that may be required to maintain Simon's status as a REIT. Distributions during 2025 aggregated $8.55 per unit.  Distributions during 2024 aggregated $8.10 per unit.  On February 2, 2026, Simon’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend for the first quarter of 2026 of $2.20 per share, payable on March 31, 2026 to shareholders of record on March 10, 2026.  The distribution rate on the Operating Partnership’s units is equal to the dividend rate on Simon’s common stock. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, we issued 4,980,693 units in the Operating Partnership as part of the TRG Acquisition, as further discussed in Note 4.  The issuance of the units was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)2 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, the Operating Partnership redeemed 4,079 units from three limited partners for $0.7 million in cash. Item 6. Reserved ​ ​ 58 Table of Contents Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview Simon Property Group, Inc. is an Indiana corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. REITs will generally not be liable for U.S. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute not less than 100% of their REIT taxable income. Simon Property Group, L.P. is our majority-owned Indiana partnership subsidiary that owns directly or indirectly all of our real estate properties and other assets. In this discussion, unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "Simon" mean Simon Property Group, Inc. and references to the "Operating Partnership" mean Simon Property Group, L.P.  References to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively Simon, the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Simon and/or the Operating Partnership. According to the amended and restated Operating Partnership's partnership agreement, the Operating Partnership is required to pay all expenses of Simon. We own, develop and manage premier shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets ® , and The Mills ® . As of December 31, 2025, we owned or held an interest in 212 income-producing properties in the United States, which consisted of 108 malls, 70 Premium Outlets, 16 Mills, six lifestyle centers, and 12 other retail properties in 38 states and Puerto Rico. In addition, we have redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants, underway at several properties in North America, Europe and Asia. Internationally, as of December 31, 2025, we had ownership in 42 properties primarily located in Asia, Europe, and Canada. As of December 31, 2025, we also owned a 22.2% equity stake in Klépierre SA, or Klépierre, a publicly traded, Paris-based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 13 countries in Europe. We also have interests in investments in retail operations (such as Catalyst Brands LLC, or Catalyst); an e-commerce venture (Rue Gilt Groupe, or RGG, which operates shop.simon.com), and Jamestown (a global real estate investment and management company), collectively, our other platform investments. As of December 31, 2024, and until October 31, 2025, we owned an 88% noncontrolling interest in The Taubman Realty Group, LLC, or TRG. As further discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, on October 31, 2025, we acquired the remaining 12% interest which we did not previously own, or the TRG Acquisition. We generate the majority of our lease income from retail, dining, entertainment, and other tenants including consideration received from: ● fixed minimum lease consideration and fixed common area maintenance (CAM) reimbursements, and ● variable lease consideration primarily based on tenants’ reported sales, as well as reimbursements for real estate taxes, utilities, marketing and certain other items. Revenues of our management company, after intercompany eliminations, consist primarily of management fees that are typically based upon the revenues of the property being managed. We invest in real estate properties to maximize total financial return which includes both operating cash flows and capital appreciation. We seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or FFO, real estate FFO, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. We seek to accomplish this growth through the following: ● attracting and retaining high quality tenants and utilizing economies of scale to reduce operating expenses, ● expanding and re-tenanting existing highly productive locations at competitive rental rates, ● selectively acquiring or increasing our interests in high quality real estate assets or portfolios of assets, ● generating consumer traffic in our retail properties through marketing initiatives and strategic corporate alliances, and ● selling selective non-core assets. 59 Table of Contents We also grow by generating supplemental revenues from the following activities: ● establishing our properties as leading market resource providers for retailers and other businesses and consumer-focused corporate alliances, including national marketing alliances, static and digital media initiatives, business development, sponsorship, and events, ● offering property operating services to our tenants and others, including waste handling and facility services, and the provision of energy services, ● selling or leasing land adjacent to our properties, commonly referred to as “outlots” or “outparcels,” and ● generating interest income on cash deposits and investments in loans, including those made to related entities . We focus on high quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. We expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk-reward criteria. We selectively develop new properties in markets we believe are not adequately served by existing retail properties. We routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. Our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk. To support our growth, we employ a three-fold capital strategy: ● generate the capital necessary to fund growth, ● maintain sufficient flexibility to access capital in many forms, both public and private, including but not limited to, having in place, the Operating Partnership’s $5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or the Credit Facility, its $3.5 billion supplemental unsecured revolving credit facility, or its Supplemental Facility, and together, the Credit Facilities and its global unsecured commercial paper note program, or the Commercial Paper program, of $2.0 billion, or the non-U.S. dollar equivalent thereof, and ● manage our overall financial structure in a fashion that preserves our investment grade credit ratings. We consider FFO, Real Estate FFO, net operating income, or NOI, and portfolio NOI to be key measures of operating performance that are not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. We use these measures internally to evaluate the operating performance of our portfolio and provide a basis for comparison with other real estate companies. Reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included below in this discussion. Results Overview Diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit increased $6.91 during 2025 to $14.17 as compared to $7.26 in 2024. The increase in diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit was primarily attributable to: ● improved operating performance and solid core business fundamentals in 2025, as discussed below, ● a non-cash gain of $2.9 billion, or $7.56 per diluted share/unit, related to the remeasurement of our previously held 88% noncontrolling equity interest in TRG to fair value as a result of the TRG Acquisition and a non-cash gain of $21.6 million, or $0.06 per diluted share/unit, during the fourth quarter of 2025 related to the disposition of our interest in one unconsolidated property, ● increased lease income in 2025 of $449.4 million, or $1.19 per diluted share/unit, ● increased income from unconsolidated entities of $296.8 million, or $0.79 per diluted share/unit, the majority of which is due to improved year-over-year operations from other platform investments and improved operations and core fundamentals in our other unconsolidated entities, partially offset by ● a pre-tax gain during the first quarter of 2024 on the sale of all our remaining interests in Authentic Brands Group, or ABG, of $414.8 million, or $1.10 per diluted share/unit, and a non-cash pre-tax gain of $100.5 million, or $0.27 per diluted share/unit, during the fourth quarter of 2024 related to the acquisition by J.C. Penney of the retail operations of SPARC Group, partially offset by an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $57.0 million, or $0.15 per diluted share/unit, in the fourth quarter of 2024, representing our pre-development costs associated with an unconsolidated joint venture development project, 60 Table of Contents ● a net pre-tax loss in 2025 on the disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests of $86.1 million, or $0.23 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to certain restructuring activities within Catalyst and the reduction in carrying value of certain equity instruments, ● increased depreciation and amortization of $161.1 million, or $0.43 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to acquisition and development activity, the majority of which relates to the TRG Acquisition, ● an unrealized unfavorable change in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments and derivative instrument, net of $88.7 million, or $0.23 per diluted share/unit, which primarily relates to movements in the fair value of the exchange option within our Klépierre exchangeable bonds, ● increased interest expense of $69.0 million, or $0.18 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to new USD and EUR bond issuances and the increase in secured debt as a result of the TRG Acquisition, partially offset by USD and EUR bond payoffs, ● decreased other income of $59.9 million, or $0.16 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to decreased interest income of $56.6 million, or $0.15 per diluted share/unit, ● increased property operating expenses in 2025 of $51.2 million, or $0.14 per diluted share/unit primarily due to the consolidation of properties in 2025 through our acquisition activity, ● increased real estate taxes in 2025 of $42.5 million, or $0.11 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to the consolidation of properties in 2025 through acquisition activity and successful property tax appeals in 2024, ● increased home and regional office costs of $28.5 million, or $0.08 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to increased personnel and compensation costs, including adjustments to performance-based stock compensation accruals to reflect current results and our expectations of future performance, and ● increased income and other tax expense of $12.5 million, or $0.03 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to transactional activity and favorable year-over-year results of operations from other platform investments . Portfolio NOI increased 4.7% in 2025 as compared to 2024. Average base minimum rent for U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets increased 4.7% to $60.97 psf as of December 31, 2025, from $58.26 psf as of December 31, 2024. Ending occupancy for our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets decreased 0.1% to 96.4% as of December 31, 2025, from 96.5% as of December 31, 2024. Our effective overall borrowing rate at December 31, 2025 on our consolidated indebtedness increased 25 basis points to 3.87% as compared to 3.62% at December 31, 2024. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the effective overall borrowing rate on the fixed rate debt of 25 basis points, due to increasing benchmark rates. The weighted average years to maturity of our consolidated indebtedness was 7.0 years and 8.1 years at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our financing activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 included: ● increasing our borrowings under the Operating Partnership’s global unsecured commercial paper program, or the Commercial Paper program by $355.0 million, ● During the fourth quarter of 2025, we exchanged 568,896 shares of Klépierre to settle the conversion of €15.4 million ($18.1 million U.S. dollar equivalent) of the Operating Partnership’s exchangeable bonds. See further discussion in Note 6. The balance of the exchangeable bonds is €734.6 million ($862.4 million U.S. dollar equivalent) as of December 31, 2025, ● on October 31, 2025, as part of the TRG Acquisition as discussed in Note 4, consolidated mortgage debt increased by $3.1 billion, ● on August 19, 2025, the Operating Partnership completed the issuance of $700 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.375% and a maturity date of October 1, 2030, and $800 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 5.125% and a maturity date of October 1, 2035. A portion of the proceeds was used to redeem, at par, its $1.1 billion 3.50% senior unsecured notes at maturity on September 61 Table of Contents 1, 2025. Another portion of the proceeds was used to repay the €500 million outstanding under the Supplemental Facility on October 8, 2025. ● on May 12, 2025, the Operating Partnership drew €500 million under the Supplemental Facility, and proceeds were used to fund the redemption at par of the Operating Partnership’s €500 million notes maturing on May 13, 2025, ● on April 25, 2025, the Operating Partnership drew $155 million under the Credit Facility, ● on March 20, 2025, the Operating Partnership entered into a €350 million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of March 20, 2027, and swapped the interest rate to an all-in fixed rate of 2.5965% maturing on March 20, 2026. The proceeds of the term loan, along with cash on hand, were used to repay the then remaining €376 million outstanding under the Credit Facility, ● on March 13, 2025, the Operating Partnership repaid €18 million under the Credit Facility that had been outstanding on December 31, 2024, ● on January 29, 2025, the Operating Partnership drew €376 million under the Credit Facility, and used the proceeds to facilitate the acquisition of two Italian assets. Subsequent to 2025, on January 13, 2026, the Operating Partnership completed the issuance of $800 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.30% and a maturity date of January 15, 2031.  The proceeds were used to fund the redemption at par of the Operating Partnership’s $800 million notes maturing on January 15, 2026. United States Portfolio Data The portfolio data discussed in this overview includes the following key operating statistics: ending occupancy, and average base minimum rent per square foot. We include acquired properties in this data beginning in the year of acquisition and remove disposed properties in the year of disposition. For comparative information purposes, we separate the information related to The Mills from our other U.S. operations. We also do not include any information for properties located outside the United States. The following table sets forth these key operating statistics for domestic properties: ● properties that are consolidated in our consolidated financial statements, ● properties we account for under the equity method of accounting as joint ventures, and ● the foregoing two categories of properties on a total portfolio basis. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ %/Basis Point ​ ​ ​ ​ %/Basis Point ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ Change (1) ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ Change (1) ​ ​ ​ 2023 U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ending Occupancy ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Consolidated ​ ​ 96.4% ​ -10 bps ​ ​ 96.5% ​ 80 bps ​ ​ 95.7% Unconsolidated ​ ​ 96.5% ​ -10 bps ​ ​ 96.6% ​ 50 bps ​ ​ 96.1% Total Portfolio ​ ​ 96.4% ​ -10 bps ​ ​ 96.5% ​ 70 bps ​ ​ 95.8% Average Base Minimum Rent per Square Foot ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Consolidated ​ $ 58.98 ​ 4.2% ​ $ 56.60 ​ 2.0% ​ $ 55.47 Unconsolidated ​ $ 66.61 ​ 5.5% ​ $ 63.12 ​ 4.2% ​ $ 60.59 Total Portfolio ​ $ 60.97 ​ 4.7% ​ $ 58.26 ​ 2.5% ​ $ 56.82 The Mills: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ending Occupancy ​ 99.2% ​ 40 bps ​ 98.8% ​ 100 bps ​ 97.8% Average Base Minimum Rent per Square Foot ​ $ 41.24 ​ 8.7% ​ $ 37.95 ​ 4.3% ​ $ 36.38 (1) Percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. Percentage and basis point changes are representative of the change from the comparable prior period. Ending Occupancy Levels and Average Base Minimum Rent per Square Foot. Ending occupancy is the percentage of gross leasable area, or GLA, which is leased as of the last day of the reporting period. We include all company owned space except for mall anchors, mall majors, mall freestanding and mall outlots in the calculation. Base 62 Table of Contents minimum rent per square foot is the average base minimum rent charge in effect for the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be included in ending occupancy. Current Leasing Activities During the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, we signed 1,112 new leases and 2,035 renewal leases (excluding recent acquisitions, mall anchors and majors, new development, redevelopment and leases with terms of one year or less) with a fixed minimum rent across our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets portfolio, comprising approximately 11.4 million square feet, of which 8.8 million square feet related to consolidated properties. During the comparable period in 2024, we signed 1,149 new leases and 2,549 renewal leases with a fixed minimum rent, comprising approximately 13.5 million square feet, of which 10.4 million square feet related to consolidated properties. The average annual initial base minimum rent for new leases was $65.09 per square foot in 2025 and $66.61 per square foot in 2024 with an average tenant allowance on new leases of $63.92 per square foot and $60.33 per square foot, respectively. Japan Data The following are selected key operating statistics for our Premium Outlets in Japan. The information used to prepare these statistics has been supplied by the managing venture partner. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ %/basis point ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ %/basis point ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ 2025 ​ Change ​ 2024 ​ Change ​ 2023 Ending Occupancy ​ ​ 99.9% ​ +60 bps ​ ​ 99.3% ​ -40 bps ​ ​ 99.7% Average Base Minimum Rent per Square Foot ​ ¥ 5,581 ​ 1.27% ​ ¥ 5,511 ​ 0.31% ​ ¥ 5,494 ​ Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. From time to time, we reevaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, see Note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. ● We, as a lessor, primarily under long-term leases, retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the investment properties and account for our leases as operating leases. We accrue fixed lease income on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, when we believe substantially all lease income, including the related straight-line rent receivable, is probable of collection. Our assessment of collectability, primarily under long-term leases, incorporates available operational performance measures such as reported sales and the aging of billed amounts as well as other publicly available information with respect to our tenant’s financial condition, liquidity and capital resources.  When a tenant seeks to reorganize its operations through bankruptcy proceedings, we assess the collectability of receivable balances including, among other things, the timing of a tenant’s bankruptcy filing and our expectations of the assumption by the tenant in bankruptcy proceeding of leases at the Company’s properties on substantially similar terms.  In the event that we determine accrued receivables are not probable of collection, lease income will be recorded on a cash basis, with the corresponding tenant receivable and straight-line rent receivable charged as a direct write-off against lease income in the period of the change in our collectability determination. ● We review investment properties for impairment on a property-by-property basis to identify and evaluate events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value of investment properties may not be recoverable. These circumstances include, but are not limited to, changes in a property’s operational performance such as declining cash flows, occupancy or total reported sales per square foot, the Company’s intent and ability to hold the related asset, and, if applicable, the remaining time to maturity of underlying financing arrangements. We measure any impairment of investment property when the estimated undiscounted operating income before 63 Table of Contents depreciation and amortization during the anticipated holding period plus its residual value is less than the carrying value of the property. To the extent impairment has occurred, we charge to income the excess of carrying value of the property over our estimate of its fair value. We also review our investments, including investments in unconsolidated entities, to identify and evaluate whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of our investments may not be recoverable. We will record an impairment charge if we determine the fair value of the investments are less than their carrying value and such impairment is other-than-temporary. Our evaluation of changes in economic or operating conditions and whether an impairment is other-than-temporary may include developing estimates of fair value, forecasted cash flows or operating income before depreciation and amortization. We estimate undiscounted cash flows and fair value, if applicable, using observable and unobservable data such as operating income, hold periods, estimated capitalization rates, or relevant market multiples, leasing prospects and local market information and whether certain impairments are other-than-temporary. Changes in economic and operating conditions, including changes in the financial condition of our tenants, and changes to our intent and ability to hold the related asset, that occur subsequent to our review of recoverability of investment property and other investments could impact the assumptions used in that assessment and could result in future charges to earnings if assumptions regarding those investments differ from actual results. ● To maintain Simon’s status as a REIT, Simon must distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income in any given year and meet certain asset and income tests. We monitor our business and transactions that may potentially impact Simon’s REIT status. In the unlikely event that we fail to maintain Simon’s REIT status, and available relief provisions do not apply, Simon would be required to pay U.S. federal income taxes at regular corporate income tax rates during the period Simon did not qualify as a REIT. If Simon lost its REIT status, it could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless its failure was due to reasonable cause and certain other conditions were met. As a result, failing to maintain REIT status would result in a significant increase in the income tax expense recorded and paid during those periods. ● In the period of a significant acquisition of real estate, we make estimates as part of our valuation of the purchase price of asset acquisitions (including the components of excess investment in joint ventures) and business combinations to the various components of the acquisition based upon the fair value of each component. The most significant components of our real estate valuations are typically the determination of fair value to the buildings as-if-vacant, land and market value of in-place leases. In the case of the fair value of buildings and fair value of land and other intangibles, our estimates of the values of these components will affect the amount of depreciation or amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property acquired or the remaining lease term. In the case of the market value of in-place leases, we make our best estimates of the tenants’ ability to pay rents based upon the tenants’ operating performance at the property, including the competitive position of the property in its market as well as sales psf, rents psf, and overall occupancy cost for the tenants in place at the acquisition date. Our assumptions affect the amount of future revenue that we will recognize over the remaining lease term for the acquired in-place leases. Results of Operations The following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of consolidated properties affected our consolidated results in the comparative periods: ● On November 17, 2025, we acquired a 100% interest in a retail property, Phillips Place, a 132,805 square foot center in Charlotte, North Carolina. ● On October 31, 2025, we closed on the acquisition of the remaining 12% interest in TRG which we did not previously own.  As a result of this acquisition, we obtained control of and consolidated TRG as of the acquisition date.  TRG has an interest in 22 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the U.S. and Asia, 11 of which are now consolidated and 11 of which are accounted for under the equity method upon the acquisition. ● On June 27, 2025, we acquired the remaining interest in the retail component and 100% of the parking component of Brickell City Centre, resulting in the consolidation of the retail component of this property. ● On April 1, 2025, we acquired the remaining interest in Briarwood Mall from a joint venture partner, resulting in the consolidation of this property. 64 Table of Contents ● On January 30, 2025, we acquired 100% interest in two luxury outlet destinations in Italy, The Mall Luxury Outlets Firenze, a 264,750 square foot center located in Leccio, nearby Florence, and The Mall Luxury Outlets Sanremo, a 122,300 square foot center located in Sanremo. ● During the fourth quarter of 2024, we acquired the remaining interest in Smith Haven Mall from a joint venture partner, resulting in the consolidation of this property. ● During the fourth quarter of 2024, we disposed of our interests in two consolidated retail properties. ● On August 15, 2024, we opened Tulsa Premium Outlets, a 338,472 square foot center in Tulsa, Oklahoma. We own 100% of this center. ● On February 6, 2024, we acquired an additional interest in Miami International Mall from a joint venture partner, resulting in the consolidation of this property. ● On April 27, 2023, we opened Paris-Giverny Designer Outlet, a 228,000 square foot center in Vernon, France. We own a 74% interest in this center. The following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of noncontrolling interests in joint venture entities affected our income from unconsolidated entities in the comparative periods: ● During the fourth quarter of 2025, we disposed of one retail property. ● On March 6, 2025, we opened Jakarta Premium Outlets, a 302,000 square foot center in Indonesia. We own a 50% interest in this center. ● On December 19, 2024, J.C. Penney acquired the retail operations of SPARC Group and was renamed Catalyst Brands post transaction. As a result, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain of $100.5 million. After the transaction, we own a 31.3% noncontrolling interest in Catalyst. Additionally, we continue to hold a 33.3% noncontrolling interest in SPARC Holdings, the former owner of SPARC Group, which now primarily holds a 25% interest in Catalyst. ● During the fourth quarter of 2024, we acquired additional 4% ownership in TRG for approximately $266.7 million by issuing 1,572,500 units in the Operating Partnership, bringing our noncontrolling interest in TRG to 88% as of December 31, 2024. ● During the first quarter of 2024, we disposed of all of our remaining interest in ABG. ● During 2023, ABG completed multiple capital transactions which resulted in the dilution of our ownership and multiple deemed disposals of a proportional interest of our investment.  In addition, we sold a portion of our interest in ABG on November 29, 2023.  These transactions reduced our ownership from 12.3% to 9.6% as of December 31, 2023. ● During the third quarter of 2023, we disposed of our interest in one unconsolidated retail property through foreclosure in satisfaction of its $114.8 million non-recourse loan. We recognized no gain or loss in connection with this disposal. ● During the third quarter of 2023, we acquired an additional 4% ownership in TRG for approximately $199.6 million by issuing 1,725,000 units in the Operating Partnership, bringing our noncontrolling ownership interest in TRG to 84%. ● During the third quarter of 2023, SPARC Group issued equity to a third party resulting in the dilution of our ownership to 33.3% and a deemed disposal of a proportional interest of our investment. As a result, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain on the deemed disposal of $145.8 million. ​ Year Ended December 31, 2025 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2024 Lease income increased $449.4 million during 2025, primarily due to an increase in fixed minimum lease consideration, higher occupancy, and the property transactions noted above. 65 Table of Contents Other income decreased $59.9 million, primarily due to a $56.6 million decrease in interest income, a net decrease in mixed use and franchise operations of $18.9 million and a $7.0 million decrease in lease settlements, partially offset by a $14.8 million increase in net other income primarily related to the property transactions noted above and a $7.8 million increase in land sale activity. Property operating expense increased $51.2 million as a result of our acquisition and development activity. Depreciation and amortization increased $161.1 million primarily due to our acquisition and development activity. Real estate taxes increased $42.5 million primarily due to successful property tax appeals in 2024, the majority of which related to prior years, as well as our acquisition activity noted above. Home and regional office costs increased $28.5 million and general and administrative increased $16.1 million, due to increased personnel and compensation costs, including adjustments to performance-based stock compensation accruals to reflect current results and our expectations of future performance. Other expenses decreased $7.5 million primarily due to a net $25.3 million decrease in mixed use and franchise operations and a $5.5 million decrease in legal and other professional fees, partially offset by a $23.3 million increase in net other expenses primarily related to the property transactions. Interest expense increased $69.0 million primarily related to an increase of $61.0 million due to new USD unsecured bond issuances in 2025 and 2024, an increase of $27.0 million related to the property transactions, and an increase of $8.8 million related to draws on the USD and Euro revolving credit facilities in 2025, partially offset by a $51.5 million decrease due to USD bond payoffs in 2025 and 2024. A pre-tax non-cash net loss of $86.1 million was recorded during 2025, included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net, primarily related to certain restructuring activities within Catalyst and the reduction in the carrying value of certain equity interests.  During 2024, we sold all of our remaining interests in ABG for cash proceeds of $1.2 billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $414.8 million.  Additionally, in 2024 we recorded a non-cash pre-tax gain of $100.5 million upon J.C. Penney’s acquisition of the retail operations of SPARC Group, an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $57.0 million, representing our pre-development costs associated with an unconsolidated joint venture development project, and a reduction in the carrying value of certain equity interests. Income and other tax expense increased $12.5 million primarily due to improved year-over-year operations from other platform investments, partially offset by the tax impact from the gain on sale of our remaining interest in ABG during 2024 of $103.7 million, and the 2025 non-cash tax impact related to the restructuring activities within Catalyst noted above. Income from unconsolidated entities increased $296.8 million primarily due to improved results of operations from our other platform investments and strong performance of our domestic and international joint venture properties. We recorded net non-cash unrealized losses of $106.1 million in 2025 and $17.4 million in 2024 as a result of mark-to-market activity on publicly traded equity instruments and the change in fair value of a derivative instrument. During 2025, we recorded a $2.9 billion gain related to the remeasurement of our previously held 88% noncontrolling equity interest in TRG to fair value as a result of the TRG Acquisition, recorded a $21.6 million non-cash gain on the disposition of one unconsolidated property, and a $2.8 million gain related to excess insurance proceeds, partially offset by a $4.0 million loss on the disposition of certain Klépierre assets.  During 2024, we recorded a net loss of $75.8 million, which is primarily related to the disposition of two retail properties for a net loss of $69.8 million, an impairment on a joint venture investment of $19.3 million and a $4.1 million loss on the disposition of certain assets by Klépierre, partially offset by a gain from the disposition of a property held in the former TRG portfolio, our share of which was $10.6 million, and a $4.6 million gain on excess insurance proceeds. Simon’s net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $378.4 million primarily related to an increase in the limited partners’ portion of the TRG Acquisition gain. Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2023 Lease income increased $225.4 million, primarily due to an increase in fixed minimum lease consideration, higher occupancy, and the consolidation of two properties during 2024. Other income increased $72.3 million, primarily due to a $76.4 million increase in interest income and a $13.6 million increase in land sale activity, partially offset by a decrease in franchise operations of $27.9 million. 66 Table of Contents Property operating expense increased $40.4 million as a result of inflationary cost increases and the consolidation of two properties. Real estate taxes decreased $33.1 million primarily due to successful property tax appeals, the majority of which relates to prior years. Advertising and promotion expense increased $17.2 million primarily due to increased programming expenses. Home and regional office costs increased $15.7 million due to increased personnel and compensation costs. Other expenses decreased $38.2 million primarily due to a decrease in franchise operations. Interest expense increased $51.1 million primarily related to an increase of $81.8 million due to new USD unsecured bond issuances, an increase of $35.0 million due to the Euro exchangeable bond issuance in 2023, an increase of $6.1 million on secured debt and the effect of the balance increase of the Credit Facility during 2023 of $1.4 million, partially offset by a decrease of $46.1 million due to USD unsecured bond payoffs during 2024 and 2023, and a decrease of $27.1 million due to a Supplemental Facility repayment during 2023. Gain due to disposal, exchange or revaluation of equity interests, net, increased $89.1 million primarily due to an increase of $414.8 million as a result of selling our remaining interest in ABG during 2024, a non-cash pre-tax $100.5 million gain due to the acquisition by J.C. Penney of the retail operations of SPARC Group, offset by the non-cash pre-tax gains on the deemed disposal of a portion of our investment in ABG of $59.1 million and SPARC Group of $145.8 million and our share of the gain on the sale of a portion of our ABG interest of $157.1 million during 2023, the other-than-temporary impairment charge of $57.0 million in 2024 representing pre-development costs associated with an unconsolidated joint venture development project, and a reduction in the carrying value of certain equity investments of $7.0 million in 2024. Income and other tax expense decreased $58.6 million primarily due to results of operations from our other platform investments and transactions within our TRS, partially offset by the aforementioned ABG, J.C. Penney, and SPARC Group transactions which increased tax expense by $37.8 million year-over-year. Income from unconsolidated entities decreased $168.3 million primarily due to lower results of operations from our other platform investments, partially offset by strong results and improved performance by our joint venture properties. We recorded net non-cash unrealized losses of $17.4 million in 2024 compared to net non-cash unrealized gains of $11.9 million in 2023, as a result of mark-to-market activity on publicly traded equity instruments and the change in fair value of a derivative instrument. During 2024, we recorded a net loss of $75.8 million, which is primarily related to the disposition of two retail properties for a net loss of $69.8 million, an impairment on a joint venture investment of $19.3 million and a $4.1 million loss on the disposition of certain assets by Klépierre, partially offset by a gain from the disposition of a property held in our TRG portfolio, our share of which was $10.6 million and a $4.6 million gain on excess insurance proceeds.  During 2023, we recorded an $11.2 million loss on the disposition of certain assets by Klépierre and an impairment on a joint venture property, our share of which was $8.6 million, partially offset by an $8.7 million gain on the disposition of certain assets by a joint venture investment and an $8.1 million gain on excess insurance proceeds. Simon’s net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $24.2 million due to an increase in the net income of the Operating Partnership. Liquidity and Capital Resources Because we own long-lived income-producing assets, our financing strategy relies primarily on long-term fixed rate debt. Floating rate debt comprised 1.1% of our total consolidated debt at December 31, 2025. We also enter into interest rate protection agreements from time to time to manage our interest rate risk. We derive most of our liquidity from positive net cash flow from operations and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities that totaled $4.5 billion in the aggregate during 2025. The Credit Facilities and the Commercial Paper program provide alternative sources of liquidity as our cash needs vary from time to time. Borrowing capacity under these sources may be increased as discussed further below. Our balance of cash and cash equivalents decreased $577.2 million during 2025 to $823.1 million as of December 31, 2025 as further discussed below. 67 Table of Contents On December 31, 2025, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of approximately $7.7 billion under the Credit Facilities, net of letters of credit of $3.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the Credit Facilities was $1.0 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $693.4 million. The weighted average interest rate was 4.30% for the year ended December 31, 2025. Simon has historically had access to public equity markets and the Operating Partnership has historically had access to private and public, short and long-term unsecured debt markets and access to secured debt and private equity from institutional investors at the property level. Our business model and Simon’s status as a REIT require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. Simon may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the Credit Facilities and the Commercial Paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2026. Cash Flows Our net cash flow from operating activities and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities totaled $4.5 billion during 2025. In addition, we had net proceeds from our debt financing and repayment activities of $390.4 million in 2025. These activities are further discussed below under “Financing and Debt.” During 2025, we also: ● funded acquisition activity for aggregate cash consideration of $1.1 billion, ● recognized an increase in cash due to the acquisition and consolidation of property of $104.8 million, ● paid stockholder dividends and unitholder distributions totaling approximately $3.2 billion and preferred unit distributions totaling $4.5 million, ● funded consolidated capital expenditures of $934.3 million (including development and other costs of $22.2 million, redevelopment and expansion costs of $417.3 million, and tenant costs and other operational capital expenditures of $494.8 million), ● funded the redemption of $7.3 million Operating Partnership units, ● funded the repurchase of $226.8 million of Simon’s common stock, ● funded investments in unconsolidated entities of $62.4 million, and ● received proceeds from the sale of equity instruments of $96.2 million. In general, we anticipate that cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet operating expenses, monthly debt service, recurring capital expenditures, and dividends to stockholders and/or distributions to partners necessary to maintain Simon’s REIT qualification on a long-term basis.  In addition, we expect to be able to generate or obtain capital for nonrecurring capital expenditures, such as acquisitions, major building redevelopments and expansions, as well as for scheduled principal maturities on outstanding indebtedness, from the following, however a severe and prolonged disruption and instability in the global financial markets, including the debt and equity capital markets, may affect our ability to access necessary capital: ● excess cash generated from operating performance and working capital reserves, ● borrowings on the Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper program, ● additional secured or unsecured debt financing, or ● additional equity raised in the public or private markets. We expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2026, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. These cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our tenants. A significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations, could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper program, further curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing. 68 Table of Contents Financing and Debt Unsecured Debt At December 31, 2025, our unsecured debt, excluding discounts and debt issuance costs, consisted of $19.1 billion of senior unsecured notes of the Operating Partnership, a €350 million ($410.9 million U.S. dollar equivalent) unsecured term loan, $460 million outstanding under the Credit Facility and $355 million outstanding under the Commercial Paper program. The Credit Facility has an initial borrowing capacity of $5.0 billion, which may be increased in the form of additional commitments in the aggregate not to exceed $1.0 billion, for a total aggregate size of $6.0 billion, subject to obtaining additional lender commitments and satisfying certain customary conditions precedent.  Borrowings may be denominated in U.S. dollars, Euro, Yen, Pounds, Sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. Borrowings in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are limited to 97% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. The initial maturity date of the Credit Facility is June 30, 2027. The Credit Facility can be extended for two additional six-month periods to June 30, 2028, at our sole option, subject to satisfying certain customary conditions precedent. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, at our election, at either (i) (x) for Term Benchmark Loans, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the applicable Local Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, (y) for RFR Loans, if denominated in Sterling, SONIA plus a benchmark adjustment and if denominated in Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR plus a benchmark adjustment, or (z) for Daily SOFR Loans, the Adjusted Floating Overnight Daily SOFR Rate, in each case of clauses (x) through (z) above, plus a margin determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.650% and 1.400% or (ii) for loans denominated in U.S. Dollars only, the base rate (which rate is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.500% or Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for one month plus 1.000%) (the “Base Rate”), plus a margin determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.000% and 0.400%. The Credit Facility includes a facility fee determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.100% and 0.300% on the aggregate revolving commitments under the Credit Facility.  Based upon our current credit ratings, the interest rate on the Credit Facility is SOFR plus 70.0 basis points, plus a spread adjustment to account for the transition from LIBOR to SOFR. The Supplemental Facility has a borrowing capacity of $3.5 billion, which may be increased to $4.5 billion during its term subject to obtaining additional lender commitments and satisfying certain customary conditions precedent and provides for borrowings denominated in U.S. dollars, Euro, Yen, Pounds, Sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. Borrowings in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are limited to 100% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. The initial maturity date of the Supplemental Facility is January 31, 2029 and can be extended for an additional year to January 31, 2030 at our sole option, subject to the continued compliance with the terms thereof. Borrowings under the Supplemental Facility bear interest, at the Company’s election, at either (i) (x) for Term Benchmark Loans, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the applicable Local Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, (y) for RFR Loans, if denominated in Sterling, SONIA plus a benchmark adjustment, if denominated in Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR plus a benchmark adjustment, and if denominated in Canadian Dollars, Daily Simple CORRA plus a benchmark adjustment or (z) for Daily SOFR Loans, the Adjusted Floating Overnight Daily SOFR Rate, in each case of clauses (x) through (z) above, plus a margin determined by the Company’s corporate credit rating of between 0.650% and 1.400% or (ii) for loans denominated in U.S. Dollars only, the base rate (which rate is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the NYFRB Rate plus 0.500% or Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for one month plus 1.000%) (the “Base Rate”), plus a margin determined by the Company’s corporate credit rating of between 0.000% and 0.400%. The Supplemental Facility includes a facility fee determined by the Company’s corporate credit rating of between 0.100% and 0.300% on the aggregate revolving commitments under the Supplemental Facility. Based upon our current credit ratings, the interest rate on the Supplemental Facility is SOFR plus 70.0 basis points, plus a spread adjustment to account for the transition from LIBOR to SOFR. On December 31, 2025 we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of $7.7 billion under the Credit Facilities. The maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the Facilities during the year ended December 31, 2025 was $1.0 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $693.4 million. Letters of credit of $3.1 million were outstanding under the Facilities as of December 31, 2025. The Operating Partnership also has available a Commercial Paper program of $2.0 billion, or the non-U.S. dollar equivalent thereof. The Operating Partnership may issue unsecured commercial paper notes, denominated in U.S. dollars, Euro and other currencies. Notes issued in non-U.S. currencies may be issued by one or more subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership and are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership.  Notes will be sold under customary terms in the U.S. and Euro commercial paper note markets and rank (either by themselves or as a result of the guarantee described above) pari 69 Table of Contents passu with the Operating Partnership's other unsecured senior indebtedness.  The Commercial Paper program is supported by the Credit Facilities, and if necessary or appropriate, we may make one or more draws under either of the Credit Facilities to pay amounts outstanding from time to time on the Commercial Paper program. As of December 31, 2025, we had $355.0 million outstanding under the Commercial Paper program, fully comprised of U.S. dollar denominated notes with a weighted average interest rate of 4.04%. These borrowings have a weighted average maturity date of January 22, 2026 and reduced amounts otherwise available under the Credit Facilities. Subsequent to 2025, on January 13, 2026, the Operating Partnership completed the issuance of $800 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.30% and a maturity date of January 15, 2031. The proceeds were used to fund the redemption at par of the Operating Partnership’s $800 million notes maturing on January 15, 2026. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we exchanged 568,896 shares of Klépierre to settle the conversion of €15.4 million ($18.1 million U.S. dollar equivalent) of the Operating Partnership’s exchangeable bonds.  See further discussion in Note 6. The balance of the exchangeable bonds is €734.6 million ($862.4 million U.S. dollar equivalent) as of December 31, 2025. On August 19, 2025, the Operating Partnership completed the issuance of $700 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.375% and a maturity date of October 1, 2030, and $800 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 5.125% and a maturity date of October 1, 2035. A portion of the proceeds were used to redeem, at par, its $1.1 billion 3.50% senior unsecured notes at maturity on September 1, 2025. Another portion of the proceeds were used to repay the €500 million outstanding under the Supplemental Facility on October 8, 2025. On May 12, 2025, the Operating Partnership drew €500 million under the Supplemental Facility. The proceeds were used to fund the redemption at par of the Operating Partnerships €500 million notes maturing on May 13, 2025. On April 25, 2025, the Operating Partnership drew $155 million under the Credit Facility. On January 29, 2025, the Operating Partnership drew €376 million under the Credit Facility and used the proceeds to facilitate the acquisition of two Italian assets.  On March 13, 2025, we repaid €18 million that had been outstanding under the Credit Facility at December 31, 2024.  On March 20, 2025, the Operating Partnership entered into a €350 million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of March 20, 2027, and swapped the interest rate to an all-in fixed rate of 2.5965% which matures on March 20, 2026.  The proceeds of the term loan, along with cash on hand, were used to repay the then remaining €376 million outstanding under the Credit Facility. On October 1, 2024, the Operating Partnership completed the redemption, at par, of its $900 million 3.375% senior unsecured notes at maturity. On September 26, 2024, the Operating Partnership completed the issuance of $1.0 billion senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.75% and a maturity date of September 26, 2034. On September 13, 2024, the Operating Partnership completed the redemption, at par, of its $1.0 billion 2.00% senior unsecured notes at maturity. On February 1, 2024, the Operating Partnership completed the redemption, at par, of its $600 million 3.75% senior unsecured notes at maturity. Mortgage Debt Total mortgage indebtedness was $8.2 billion and $5.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.  On October 31, 2025, as part of the TRG Acquisition, discussed in Note 4, consolidated mortgage debt increased $3.1 billion. Covenants Our unsecured debt agreements contain financial covenants and other non-financial covenants. If we were to fail to comply with these covenants, after the expiration of the applicable cure periods, the debt maturity could be accelerated or other remedies could be sought by the lender, including adjustments to the applicable interest rate. As of December 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all covenants of our unsecured debt. At December 31, 2025, our consolidated subsidiaries were the borrowers under 41 non-recourse mortgage notes secured by mortgages on 44 properties and other assets, including two separate pools of cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized mortgages encumbering a total of five properties. Under these cross-default provisions, a default under any mortgage included in the cross-defaulted pool may constitute a default under all mortgages within that pool and may lead to acceleration of the indebtedness due on each property within the pool. Certain of our secured debt instruments contain financial and other non-financial covenants which are specific to the properties that serve as collateral for that debt. 70 Table of Contents If the applicable borrower under these non-recourse mortgage notes were to fail to comply with these covenants, the lender could accelerate the debt and enforce its rights against their collateral. At December 31, 2025, the applicable borrowers under these non-recourse mortgage notes were in compliance with all covenants where non-compliance could individually or in the aggregate, giving effect to applicable cross-default provisions, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Summary of Financing Our consolidated debt, adjusted to reflect outstanding derivative instruments, and the effective weighted average interest rates as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Effective ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Effective ​ ​ Adjusted Balance ​ Weighted ​ Adjusted ​ Weighted ​ ​ as of ​ Average ​ Balance as of ​ Average Debt Subject to ​ December 31, 2025 Interest Rate(1) ​ December 31, 2024 Interest Rate(1) ​ Fixed Rate ​ $ 28,119,149 3.86% ​ $ 24,035,060 3.61% ​ Variable Rate ​ 311,026 4.58% ​ 229,435 5.47% ​ ​ ​ $ 28,430,175 3.87% ​ $ 24,264,495 3.62% ​ (1) Effective weighted average interest rate excludes the impact of net discounts and debt issuance costs. Contractual Obligations and Off-balance Sheet Arrangements In regards to long-term debt arrangements, the following table summarizes the material aspects of these future obligations on our consolidated indebtedness as of December 31, 2025, and subsequent years thereafter (dollars in thousands) assuming the obligations remain outstanding through initial maturities: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2026 ​ ​ ​ 2027-2028 ​ ​ ​ 2029-2030 ​ ​ ​ After 2030 ​ ​ ​ Total Long Term Debt (1) ​ $ 5,905,606 ​ $ 6,233,424 ​ $ 4,597,895 ​ $ 11,858,614 ​ $ 28,595,539 ​ Interest Payments (2) ​ 995,161 ​ 1,554,115 ​ 1,197,891 ​ 4,914,372 ​ 8,661,539 ​ Lease Commitments (3) ​ 51,853 ​ 104,322 ​ 104,758 ​ 1,534,279 ​ 1,795,212 ​ (1) Represents principal maturities only and, therefore, excludes net discounts and debt issuance costs. (2) Variable rate interest payments are estimated based on the SOFR or other applicable rate at December 31, 2025. (3) Represents only the minimum non-cancellable lease period, excluding applicable lease extension and renewal options, unless reasonably certain of exercise. Our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of our investments in joint ventures which are common in the real estate industry and are described in Note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Our joint ventures typically fund their cash needs through secured non-recourse debt financings obtained by and in the name of the joint venture entity. The joint venture debt is secured by a first mortgage, is without recourse to the joint venture partners, and does not represent a liability of the partners, except to the extent the partners or their affiliates expressly guarantee the joint venture debt. As of December 31, 2025, the Operating Partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage indebtedness of $118.8 million. Mortgages guaranteed by the Operating Partnership are secured by the property of the joint venture which could be sold in order to satisfy the outstanding obligation and which has an estimated fair value in excess of the guaranteed amount. We may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not required contractually or otherwise. Acquisitions and Dispositions Buy-sell, marketing rights, and other exit mechanisms are common in real estate partnership agreements. Most of our partners are institutional investors who have a history of direct investment in retail real estate. We and our partners in our joint venture properties may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions). If we determine it is in our best interests for us to purchase the joint venture interest and we believe we have adequate liquidity to execute the purchase without hindering our cash flows, then we may initiate these provisions or elect to buy our partner’s interest. If we decide to sell any of our joint venture interests, we expect to use the net proceeds to reduce outstanding indebtedness or to reinvest in development, redevelopment, or expansion opportunities. 71 Table of Contents Acquisitions. On November 17, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a 100% interest in a retail property, Phillips Place, located in Charlotte, North Carolina.  The cash consideration including working capital was $143.8 million.  The property is unencumbered. ​ On October 31, 2025, we closed on the acquisition of the remaining 12% interest in TRG which we did not previously own in exchange for approximately 5.06 million units in the Operating Partnership.  As a result of this acquisition, we obtained control of and consolidated TRG as of the acquisition date.  TRG had an interest in 22 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the U.S. and Asia, 11 of which are now consolidated and 11 of which are accounted for under the equity method upon the acquisition.  This acquisition aligns with our strategy of owning high-quality assets, unlocking operational synergies and driving further innovation.  Refer to Note 4 for additional information regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. ​ On June 27, 2025, we acquired the remaining 75% interest in the retail component and 100% of the parking component of Brickell City Centre, resulting in the consolidation of the retail component which had previously been accounted for under the equity method. The cash consideration for this transaction, including working capital, was $497.7 million. Cash acquired was $24.0 million. ​ On April 1, 2025, we acquired the remaining interest in Briarwood Mall from a joint venture partner, resulting in the consolidation of this property. The cash consideration for this transaction, including working capital, was $9.2 million. Cash acquired was $14.7 million. The property is subject to a $165 million 3.29% fixed rate mortgage loan. On January 30, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a 100% interest in two luxury outlet destinations in Italy, one in Leccio, nearby Florence, and the other in Sanremo, on the Italian riviera.  The acquisition price was €350 million, subject to customary working capital adjustments. During the fourth quarter of 2024, we acquired the remaining interest in Smith Haven Mall from a joint venture partner, resulting in the consolidation of this property.  The cash consideration for this transaction was $56.1 million, which includes cash acquired of $35.8 million. The property was subject to a $160.8 million 8.10% variable rate mortgage loan.  This mortgage loan was paid off prior to December 31, 2024. On February 6, 2024 we acquired an additional interest in Miami International Mall from a joint venture partner, resulting in the consolidation of this property.  The cash consideration for this transaction was de minimis.  The property is subject to a $158.0 million 6.92% fixed rate mortgage loan. Dispositions. We may continue to pursue the disposition of properties that no longer meet our strategic criteria or that are not a primary retail venue within their trade area. During 2025, we disposed of our interest in one unconsolidated retail property in satisfaction of its $84.3 million non-recourse mortgage loan, resulting in a gain of $21.6 million. During 2024, we disposed of our interests in two consolidated properties and one unconsolidated entity.  The combined total proceeds from these transactions were $55.2 million, resulting in a net loss of $67.2 million. During 2023, we disposed of our interest in one unconsolidated retail property through foreclosure in satisfaction of the $114.8 million non-recourse mortgage loan.  We recognized no gain or loss in connection with this disposal. Joint Venture Formation Activity and Other Investment Activity During the fourth quarter of 2024, we acquired an additional 4% ownership in TRG for approximately $266.7 million by issuing 1,572,500 units in the Operating Partnership, bringing our noncontrolling ownership interest in TRG to 88%. In the third quarter of 2023, we acquired an additional 4% ownership in TRG for approximately $199.6 million by issuing 1,725,000 units in the Operating Partnership.  Neither transaction included or resulted in any change to the rights and obligations or decision making authority of the members of the TRG partnership. During the fourth quarter of 2024, J.C. Penney completed an all-equity transaction where it acquired the retail operations of SPARC Group, resulting in the recognition of a non-cash pre-tax gain by SPARC Holdings, our share of which, after eliminations, was $100.5 million, which is included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. The combined business was renamed Catalyst post transaction. This non-cash investment activity is excluded from our consolidated statement of cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we recorded deferred taxes of $25.1 million, which is included in income and 72 Table of Contents other tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we own a 31.3% noncontrolling interest in Catalyst. Additionally, we continue to hold a 33.3% noncontrolling interest in SPARC Holdings, the former owner of SPARC Group, which now primarily holds a 25% interest in Catalyst. During the third quarter of 2023, SPARC Group issued equity to a third party resulting in the dilution of our ownership to 33.3% and a deemed disposal of a proportional interest of our investment. As a result, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain on the deemed disposal of $145.8 million, which is included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. This non-cash investing activity is excluded from our consolidated statement of cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we recorded deferred taxes of $36.9 million, which is included in income and other tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. During the second quarter of 2024, we participated in the formation of a joint venture, Phoenix Retail, LLC, to acquire the Express Retail Company from the previous owner on June 21, 2024, in a bankruptcy proceeding, and operate Express and Bonobos direct-to-consumer business in the United States. There was no cash consideration transferred for our 39.4%, non-controlling interest and non-cash consideration was de minimis. During the first quarter of 2024, we sold all of our remaining interest in ABG for cash proceeds of $1.2 billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $414.8 million, which is included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net, in the consolidated statement of operations. In connection with this transaction, we recorded tax expense of $103.7 million, which is included in income and other expense in the consolidated statement of operations. During the fourth quarter of 2023, we sold a portion of our interest in ABG, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $157.1 million, which is included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net, in the consolidated statement of operations. In connection with this transaction, we recorded tax expense of $39.3 million which is included in income and other tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. Concurrently, ABG completed a capital transaction resulting in the dilution of our ownership to approximately 9.6% and a deemed disposal of a proportional interest of our investment. As a result, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain on the deemed disposal of $10.3 million, which is included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. This non-cash investing activity is excluded from our consolidated statement of cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we recorded deferred taxes of $2.6 million, which is included in income and other tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. During the third quarter of 2023, ABG completed a capital transaction resulting in the dilution of our ownership from approximately 11.8% to approximately 11.7% and a deemed disposal of a proportional interest of our investment. As a result, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain on the deemed disposal of $12.4 million, which is included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. This non-cash investing activity is excluded from our consolidated statement of cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we recorded deferred taxes of $3.1 million, which is included in income and other tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. During the second quarter of 2023, ABG completed a capital transaction resulting in a dilution of our ownership and a deemed disposal of a proportional interest of our investment. As a result, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain on the deemed disposal of $36.4 million, which is included in (Loss) gain due to disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. This non-cash investing activity is excluded from our consolidated statement of cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we recorded deferred taxes of $9.1 million, which is included in income and other tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. Development Activity We routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. Redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants are underway at several properties in North America, Europe, and Asia. Construction continues on certain redevelopment and new development projects in the U.S. and internationally that are nearing completion.  Our share of the costs of all new development, redevelopment and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $1.5 billion.  Simon’s share of remaining net cash funding required to complete the new development and redevelopment projects currently under construction is approximately $539 million.  We expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. We seek a stabilized return on invested capital in the range of 8-10% for all of our new development, expansion and redevelopment projects. 73 Table of Contents Summary of Capital Expenditures. The following table summarizes total capital expenditures on consolidated properties on a cash basis (in millions): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 New Developments ​ $ 22 ​ $ 75 ​ $ 156 ​ Redevelopments and Expansions ​ 417 ​ 321 ​ 328 ​ Tenant Allowances ​ 242 ​ 191 ​ 209 ​ Operational Capital Expenditures ​ 253 ​ 169 ​ 100 ​ Total ​ $ 934 ​ $ 756 ​ $ 793 ​ ​ ​ International Development Activity We typically reinvest net cash flow from our international joint ventures to fund future international development activity. We believe this strategy mitigates some of the risk of our initial investment and our exposure to changes in foreign currencies. We have also funded most of our foreign investments with local currency-denominated borrowings that act as a natural hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates. Our consolidated net income exposure to changes in the volatility of the Euro, Yen, Peso, Won, and other foreign currencies is not material. We expect our share of estimated committed capital for international development projects to be completed with projected delivery in 2026 or 2027 is $4 million, primarily funded through reinvested joint venture cash flow and construction loans. The following table describes recently completed and new development and expansion projects as well as our share of the estimated total cost as of December 31, 2025 (in millions): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gross ​ Our ​ Our Share of ​ Our Share of ​ Projected/Actual ​ ​ ​ ​ Leasable ​ Ownership ​ Projected Net Cost ​ Projected Net Cost ​ Opening Property ​ ​ Location ​ ​ Area (sqft) ​ ​ Percentage ​ ​ (in Local Currency) ​ ​ (in USD) (1) ​ ​ Date New Development Projects: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Jakarta Premium Outlets ​ Jakarta, Indonesia ​ 302,000 ​ 50% ​ IDR 931,782 ​ $ 55.8 ​ Opened Mar. - 2025 (1) USD equivalent based upon December 31, 2025 foreign currency exchange rates. Dividends, Distributions and Stock Repurchase Program Simon paid a common stock dividend of $2.20 per share in the fourth quarter of 2025 and $8.55 per share for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Operating Partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. In 2024, Simon paid dividends of $2.10 and $8.10 per share for the three and twelve month periods ended December 31, 2024, respectively. The Operating Partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. On February 2, 2026, Simon’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend for the first quarter of 2026 of $2.20 per share, payable on March 31, 2026 to shareholders of record on March 10, 2026.  The distribution rate on units is equal to the dividend rate on common stock. In order to maintain its status as a REIT, Simon must pay a minimum amount of dividends. Simon’s future dividends and the Operating Partnership’s future distributions will be determined by Simon’s Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the amount required to maintain Simon’s status as a REIT. On February 8, 2024, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase program under which Simon was permitted to purchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock during the two-year period commencing February 8, 2024 and ending on February 15, 2026 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warrant.  During the year ended December 31, 2025, Simon purchased 1,246,190 shares at an average price of $182.02 per share.  During the year ended December 31, 2024, no shares were repurchased under this plan. On February 5, 2026, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized a new common stock repurchase program, which immediately replaced the existing repurchase plan.  Under the plan, Simon may purchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock during the period ending on February 29, 2028 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warrant.  As Simon repurchases shares under these programs, the Operating Partnership repurchases an equal number of units from Simon. ​ 74 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K may be deemed "forward–looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in any forward–looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the Company can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained, and it is possible that the Company's actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward–looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the intensely competitive market environment in the retail real estate industry and the retail industry, including e-commerce; the inability to renew leases and relet vacant space at existing properties on favorable terms;  the inability to collect rent due to the bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants or otherwise; the potential loss of anchor stores or major tenants; an increase in vacant space at our properties; the loss of key management personnel; changes in economic and market conditions that may adversely affect the general retail environment, including but not limited to those caused by inflation, the impact of tariffs and global trade disruptions on us to the extent impacting our tenants, recessionary pressures, wars, escalating geopolitical tensions as a result of the war in Ukraine and the conflicts in the Middle East, and supply chain disruptions; the potential for violence, civil unrest, criminal activity or terrorist activities at our properties;  the availability of comprehensive insurance coverage; security breaches that could compromise our information technology or infrastructure; changes in market rates of interest; our international activities subjecting us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations, including changes in foreign exchange rates; the impact of our substantial indebtedness on our future operations, including covenants in the governing agreements that impose restrictions on us that may affect our ability to operate freely; any disruption in the financial markets that may adversely affect our ability to access capital for growth and satisfy our ongoing debt service requirements; any change in our credit rating; our continued ability to maintain our status as a REIT; changes in tax laws or regulations that result in adverse tax consequences; risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, expansion, leasing and management of properties; the inability to lease newly developed properties on favorable terms; risks relating to our joint venture properties, including guarantees of certain joint venture indebtedness; the effects of climate change; environmental liabilities; natural or other disasters; uncertainties regarding the impact of pandemics, epidemics or public health crises, and the associated governmental restrictions on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity; and general risks related to real estate investments, including the illiquidity of real estate investments. The Company discusses these and other risks and uncertainties under the heading "

