TICKER: SSSS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply Chain. Our investment decisions are based on a disciplined analysis of available
information regarding each potential portfolio company’s business operations, focusing on the company’s growth potential,
the quality of recurring revenues, and path to profitability, as well as an understanding of key market fundamentals. Venture capital
funds or other institutional investors have invested in the vast majority of companies that we evaluate. We
seek to deploy capital primarily in the form of non-controlling equity and equity-related investments, including common stock, warrants,
preferred stock and similar forms of senior equity, which may or may not be convertible into a portfolio company’s common equity,
and convertible debt securities with a significant equity component. Typically, our preferred stock investments are non-income producing,
have different voting rights than our common stock investments and are generally convertible into common stock at our discretion. As
our investment strategy is primarily focused on equity positions, our investments generally do not produce current income, and therefore,
we may be dependent on future capital raisings to meet our operating needs if no other source of liquidity is available. We
seek to create a low-turnover portfolio that includes investments in companies representing a broad range of investment themes. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “SSSS”. The net asset value per share of our common
stock on December 31, 2025 was $8.09. On March 10, 2026, the last reported sale price of a share of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market was $9.68 . Operating
and Regulatory Structure We
formed in 2010 as a Maryland corporation and operate as an internally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company.
As an internally managed BDC, we are managed by our employees, rather than the employees of an external investment adviser. Our investment activities are
supervised by our Board of Directors and managed by our executive officers and investments professionals, all of which are our employees. As
a BDC, we are subject to certain regulatory requirements. See “—Regulation as a BDC.” Also, while we are permitted
to finance investments using debt, our ability to use debt is limited in certain significant aspects. With
certain limited exceptions, we may issue “senior securities,” including borrowing money from banks or other financial institutions,
only in amounts such that the ratio of our total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness represented by senior securities)
to our total indebtedness represented by senior securities plus preferred stock, if any, is at least 200% (or 150% if certain conditions
are met) after such incurrence or issuance. This means that generally, we can borrow up to $1 for every $1 of investor equity (or, if
certain conditions are met, we can borrow up to $2 for every $1 of investor equity). In March 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability
Act (the “SBCAA”) modified the 1940 Act by allowing a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur by decreasing
the asset coverage percentage from 200% to 150%, if certain requirements under the 1940 Act are met. Under the 1940 Act, we are allowed
to increase our leverage capacity if stockholders representing at least a majority of the votes cast, when a quorum is present, approve
a proposal to do so. If we receive stockholder approval, we would be allowed to increase our leverage capacity on the first day after
such approval. Alternatively, the 1940 Act allows the majority of our independent directors to approve an increase in our leverage capacity,
and such approval would become effective after the one-year anniversary of such approval. In either case, we would be required to make
certain disclosures regarding, among other things, the receipt of approval to increase our leverage, our leverage capacity and usage,
and risks related to leverage. We currently do not intend to seek stockholder approval or approval from our Board of Directors to increase
our leverage capacity as set forth above. See “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, demonstrating
how AI agents and autonomous AI systems could displace traditional business applications. Our portfolio companies may face margin pressure,
customer churn, and declining recurring revenue if they fail to effectively integrate AI capabilities, differentiate their offerings from
AI-native competitors, or adapt their technology platforms to meet evolving customer expectations for AI-powered functionality. The shifting
technology landscape may require significant investment in research and development, product reimagination, and go-to-market strategy
changes that our portfolio companies may be unable or unwilling to undertake. In addition, such portfolio companies may be subject to
consumer protection laws that are enforced by regulators such as the Federal Trade Commission and private parties, and include statutes
that regulate the collection and use of information for marketing purposes. Any new legislation or regulations regarding the Internet,
mobile devices, software sales or export and/or the cloud or SaaS industry, and/or the application of existing laws and regulations to
the Internet, mobile devices, software sales or export and/or the cloud or SaaS industry, could create new legal or regulatory burdens
on these portfolio companies that could have a material adverse effect on their respective operations. Our SaaS portfolio companies may
incur significant operating losses and negative cash flows during certain times of their respective life cycles, resulting in an adverse
impact on their operations. Because our SaaS portfolio companies are generally investments that are underwritten and valued on “recurring
revenue” rather than EBITDA, the fair value determinations of such companies are inherently uncertain and may fluctuate over short
periods of time. They are also subject to the risks that their customers have financial difficulties that make them unable or unwilling
to pay for the software and services that drive a portfolio company’s recurring revenue projections or may switch to lower-cost
AI-native alternatives that offer superior functionality or automation capabilities. For these reasons, our financial results could be
materially adversely affected if our portfolio companies in the SaaS industry encounter financial difficulty. Our
investment in the consumer goods and services sector is subject to substantial risks. Companies in the consumer goods and services sector
frequently experience fluctuations in their earnings due to consumer cyclicality, and are extremely sensitive to economic downturns or
recessions as well as currency fluctuations. These companies are also subject to changing consumer tastes, extensive competition, product
liability litigation and increased government regulation. Generally, spending on consumer goods and services is affected by the health
of consumers. Companies in the consumer goods and services sectors are subject to government regulation affecting the permissibility
of using various food additives and production methods, which regulations could affect company profitability. A weak economy and its
effect on consumer spending would adversely affect companies in the consumer products and services sector and, in turn, the value of
our investments in companies in that sector. Our
investment in the education technology industry is subject to substantial risks. The revenue, income (or losses) and valuations of technology-related
companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically. In addition, because of rapid technological change, the average selling
prices of products and some services provided by companies in technology-related sectors have historically decreased over their productive
lives. In addition, our portfolio companies in these sectors face intense competition since their businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely
competitive and subject to changing technology, shifting user needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. For example,
new technologies, including those based on artificial intelligence, can provide students with more immediate responses to inquiries than
traditional tools, and over time, the accuracy of these tools and their ability to handle complex questions may improve, all of which
may be disruptive to education technology businesses. Potential
competitors to our portfolio companies in the education technology industry range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups.
Further, such companies may be subject to laws that were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and related technologies and, as
a result, may not contemplate or address the unique issues of the Internet and related technologies. The laws that do reference the Internet
are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain uncertain. Claims have been threatened and filed under
both U.S. and foreign laws for defamation, invasion of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, copyright and trademark infringement,
or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by a company’s users, a company’s
products and services, or content generated by a company’s users. Further, the growth of technology-related companies into a variety
of new fields implicate a variety of new regulatory issues and may subject such companies to increased regulatory scrutiny, particularly
in the U.S. and Europe. Education technology has been a subject of particular scrutiny; for example, in 2019, certain members of the
United States Senate circulated letters to education technology companies regarding their concerns about the amount of data being collected
on students utilizing such technologies and the potential safety and security risks to children related to such data collection. Evolving
regulatory landscapes and our portfolio companies’ mandated compliance with new laws and regulations could add new challenges to
their operations and negatively affect such companies’ results of operations and, in turn, our business. Our
investment in the supply chain and logistics sector is subject to substantial risks. Geopolitical conflicts, trade restrictions, and
regional instability can disrupt critical shipping lanes and cross-border commerce, while reliance on international suppliers heightens
vulnerability to customs delays, tariff fluctuations, and sudden regulatory changes, all of which could impact the business, financial
condition, and results of operations of such companies. Additionally, prolonged port congestion, container shortages, and labor disputes
at key transit hubs may further impede delivery timelines, eroding customer trust and such companies’ contractual compliance, thus
impacting these companies’ business and, accordingly, our investment. Natural
disasters, including hurricanes, floods, wildfires, and public health emergencies, as well as climate-related events, can necessitate
rapid supply chain reconfiguration and disrupt essential infrastructure such as warehouses and transportation corridors. Companies must
also navigate complex regulatory frameworks across jurisdictions governing emissions, labor practices, and safety protocols; for instance,
stricter carbon disclosure requirements and evolving fuel efficiency standards may require costly compliance measures. Moreover, labor
shortages in trucking, warehousing, and dock operations—as well as potential disruptions from unionization or collective bargaining—could
further impact operational efficiency and profit margins. Any or all of these considerations or circumstances could distract these companies’
attention from their effective management, thereby potentially negatively impacting their financial condition and results of operations
and, in turn, the value of our investment in such companies. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Common
to all of the artificial intelligence infrastructure & applications, SaaS, consumer goods & services, education technology, and
supply chain & logistic sectors are risks related to cybersecurity. Any of the portfolio companies in these sectors could be required
to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any cybersecurity incident, harm to their reputations, legal claims that they
and their respective affiliates may be subjected to, regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws,
adverse publicity, and other events that may affect their business and financial performance. The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies
can heighten these and other operational risks. Any
of these factors could materially and adversely affect the business and operations of a portfolio company in these industries and, in
turn, adversely affect the value of these portfolio companies and the value of any securities that we may hold. Our
financial results could be negatively affected if a portfolio company in which we have a significant investment fails to perform as expected. Our
total investment in any one of our portfolio companies may be significant to our NAV. As a result, if a significant investment in one
or more companies fails to perform as expected, our financial results could be more negatively affected and the magnitude of the loss
could be more significant than if we had made smaller investments in more companies. The following table shows the cost and fair value
of our ten largest portfolio company positions as of December 31, 2025: Portfolio Company Cost Fair Value % of Net Asset Value ARK Type One Deep Ventures Fund LLC (1) $ 17,696,568 $ 42,212,173 20.6 % Whoop, Inc. 11,013,088 28,357,435 13.8 % Blink Health, Inc. 15,004,340 21,001,638 10.2 % Canva, Inc. 10,058,820 15,432,563 7.5 % Learneo, Inc. (f/k/a Course Hero, Inc.) 14,999,972 15,369,348 7.5 % CW Opportunity 2 LP (2) 10,384,558 14,659,078 7.1 % IH10, LLC (3) 12,273,784 12,132,897 5.9 % Locus Robotics Corp. 10,004,286 11,995,290 5.8 % Supplying Demand, Inc. (d/b/a Liquid Death) 10,256,296 10,249,996 5.0 % Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) 8,040,806 8,289,899 4.0 % Total $ 119,732,518 $ 179,700,317 87.5 % (1) ARK
                                            Type One Deep Ventures Fund LLC is an investment fund for which the Class A Interest is solely
                                            invested in the Series A-2 Preferred Shares of OpenAI Global, LLC. SuRo Capital Corp. is
                                            invested in the Series A-2 Preferred Shares of OpenAI Global, LLC through its investment
                                            in the Class A Interest of ARK Type One Deep Ventures Fund LLC. (2) CW
                                            Opportunity 2 LP is an SPV for which the Class A Interest is solely invested in the Class
                                            A Common Stock of CoreWeave, Inc. (3) IH10,
                                            LLC’s sole portfolio asset is interest in the Series B Preferred Shares of VAST Data,
                                            Ltd. through an SPV. SuRo Capital Corp. is invested in the Series B Preferred Shares of VAST
                                            Data, Ltd. through its investment in the Membership Interest of IH10, LLC. We
may be limited in our ability to make follow-on investments, and our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies
could impair the value of our portfolio. Following
an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as “follow-on”
investments, in order to: (1) increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; (2) exercise warrants, options
or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or (3) attempt to preserve or enhance the value
of our investment. We
may elect not to make follow-on investments, or may otherwise lack sufficient funds to make those investments or lack access to desired
follow-on investment opportunities. We have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital
resources and of the investment opportunity. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued
viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation
in a successful company’s capital structure. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may
elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, because we prefer other opportunities,
or because we are inhibited by our mandate to comply with regulatory requirements applicable to BDCs. 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS In
addition, we may be unable to complete follow-on investments in our portfolio companies that have conducted an IPO as a result of regulatory
or financial restrictions. This or any of the preceding rationales for failing to undertake a follow-on investment could impact our portfolio
companies’ performance and, thus, its value, which could, in turn, affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because
we will generally not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we will likely not be in a position to exercise control
over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by substantial stockholders or management of our portfolio companies that could
decrease the value of our investments. Generally,
we will not take controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. As a result, we will be subject to the risk that a portfolio
company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the stockholders and management of a portfolio company may take risks
or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. In addition, other stockholders, such as venture capital and private equity
sponsors, that have substantial investments in our portfolio companies may have interests that differ from that of the portfolio company
or its minority stockholders, which may lead them to take actions that could materially and adversely affect the value of our investment
in the portfolio company. Due to the lack of liquidity for the equity and equity-related investments that we typically hold in our portfolio
companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company’s
management or its substantial stockholders, and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments and, accordingly, our
financial condition and results of operations. In
the event that we make an investment in a sponsor of a SPAC and the SPAC does not consummate a business combination, we will lose the
entirety of our investment. We
invest selectively in the sponsors of SPACs, which investments are subject to certain particularized and substantial risks. For example,
we will lose the entirety of our investment in a sponsor of a SPAC if the underlying SPAC fails to consummate a business combination.
Any investment by us in a sponsor of a SPAC will not have the same redemption rights that a direct investment in a SPAC may have. As
such, there is a unique risk of experiencing a complete loss on our investment when we invest in a sponsor of a SPAC, which, if such
loss were to occur, would negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. The
number of founder shares allocated to us in respect of any investment in a sponsor of a SPAC may be reduced or otherwise subjected to
forfeiture/dilution in the event that the sponsor of a SPAC raises additional capital. In
certain circumstances, the managing member of the sponsor of a SPAC in which we invest may determine that the underlying SPAC requires
additional working capital following the IPO of the underlying SPAC but prior to a business combination, as contemplated by the underlying
SPAC’s registration statement. Typically, the managing member of the sponsor of a SPAC, in his or her sole and absolute discretion,
may permit existing or new members in the sponsor of a SPAC, including us, to make loans to the underlying SPAC or to make additional
equity investments in the sponsor of the SPAC as needed. Accordingly, we typically will have no right to participate in any such loans
or equity investments unless the managing member, in his or her sole discretion, offers us the opportunity to invest in any such loans
or equity investments. In connection with such new loans or equity investments, the managing member may reallocate founder shares from
members not participating in any such loans or equity to any such lenders/investors at a ratio calculated in accordance with the formula
used to derive the ratio for the initial allocation of founder shares to us and the other members and so long as any reallocation would
not affect our or any group of members’ membership interests disproportionately to all members in the aggregate. In such a case,
our interest in the founder shares will be reduced or diluted. In the event any such reallocation would affect our or any group of members’
membership interests disproportionately to all members in the aggregate, we will have a limited right to participate in loan or equity
investment at issue. If, however, we choose not to participate, our interest in the founder shares would be reduced or diluted as a result.
Finally, the managing member may determine in his or her sole and absolute discretion that one or more strategic investors in the sponsor
of a SPAC will not be subject to a reallocation of founder shares in the event a loan or equity investment is needed, and if so our interest
in the founder shares will be further diluted as a result. 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS The
requirement that a SPAC complete a business combination within a specified completion window may give potential target businesses leverage
over the SPAC in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time the SPAC has in which to conduct due diligence on potential
business combination targets, in particular as it approaches its dissolution deadline, which could undermine its ability to complete
a business combination on terms that would produce value for us. Any
potential target business that enters into negotiations concerning a business combination with a SPAC in which we invest will be aware
that the SPAC must complete a business combination within a specified completion window, which is usually between 18-24 months following
the SPAC’s IPO. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over the SPAC in negotiating a business combination, knowing
that if the SPAC does not complete a business combination with that particular target business, it may be unable to complete a business
combination with any target business. This risk will increase as the SPAC gets closer to the timeframe described above. In addition,
the SPAC may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into a business combination on terms that it would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation. The foregoing could undermine the SPAC’s ability to complete a business combination on
terms that would produce value for us. Investments
in foreign companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. While
we invest primarily in U.S. companies, we may invest on an opportunistic basis in certain non-U.S. companies, including those located
in emerging markets, that otherwise meet our investment criteria. In regard to the regulatory requirements for BDCs, non-U.S. investments
do not qualify as investments in “eligible portfolio companies,” and thus may not be considered “qualifying assets.”
In addition, investing in foreign companies, and particularly those in emerging markets, may expose us to additional risks not typically
associated with investing in U.S. issuers. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability,
expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United
States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty
in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. Further, we may
have difficulty enforcing our rights as equity holders in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, to the extent we invest in non-U.S. companies,
we may face greater exposure to foreign economic developments. Although
we expect that most of our investments will be U.S. dollar-denominated, any investments denominated in a foreign currency will be subject
to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may
affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in
different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation, and political developments. Developments with
respect to any one of these or any other factors affecting currency values may negatively impact the value of our investment, thereby
resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. If
we engage in hedging transactions, we may expose ourselves to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize instruments such
as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the
relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Hedging against a decline
in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent
losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same
developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity
for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. It may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate
or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable
price. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the
portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk
of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities
denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to
currency fluctuations. Changes to the regulations applicable to the financial instruments we may use to accomplish our hedging strategy
could affect the effectiveness of that strategy. See “ —We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. ” Our
ability to enter into transactions involving derivatives and financial commitment transactions may be limited. BDCs
that enter into transactions involving derivatives are subject to a value-at-risk (“VaR”) leverage limit, certain other derivatives
risk management program and testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These requirements apply unless the BDC
qualifies as a “limited derivatives user” under Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act. Under Rule 18f-4, a BDC may enter into an
unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company,
if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash
and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due.
We currently operate as a “limited derivatives user,” which may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain
other financial contracts. 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS The
market structure applicable to derivatives imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”)
and the SEC may affect our ability to use over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives for hedging purposes. The
Dodd-Frank Act and the CFTC enacted, and the SEC has issued rules implementing, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new
structural requirements applicable to OTC derivatives markets and, to a lesser extent, listed commodity futures (and futures options)
markets. Similar changes are in the process of being implemented in other major financial markets. The
CFTC and the SEC have issued final rules establishing that certain swap transactions are subject to CFTC regulation. Engaging in such
swap or other commodity interest transactions such as futures contracts or options on futures contracts may cause us to fall within the
definition of a “commodity pool operator” under the Commodity Exchange Act and related CFTC regulations. We have claimed
relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator with respect to our operations, with the result that we are
limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage in swap transactions. Specifically, we are
subject to strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby the use of derivatives not used solely
for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such
positions does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and unrealized losses
on any such contracts we have entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives does not exceed 100% of the
liquidation value of our portfolio. The
Dodd-Frank Act also imposed requirements relating to real-time public and regulatory reporting of OTC derivative transactions, enhanced
documentation requirements, position limits on an expanded array of derivatives, and record keeping requirements. Taken as a whole, these
changes could significantly increase the cost of using uncleared OTC derivatives to hedge risks, including interest rate and foreign
exchange risk; reduce the level of exposure we are able to obtain for risk management purposes through OTC derivatives (including as
the result of the CFTC imposing position limits on additional products); reduce the amounts available to us to make non-derivatives investments;
impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives; and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by us, all of which could
adversely impact our investment returns. Risks
related to our indirect exposure to the cryptocurrency markets through investments. Cryptocurrencies
(also referred to as “virtual currencies” and “digital currencies”) are digital assets that are designed to act
as a medium of exchange. Although we have no current intention of directly investing in cryptocurrencies, we have indirect exposure to
cryptocurrencies by investing in securities of portfolio companies with operations in the cryptocurrency industry. Cryptocurrencies (some
of the most well-known include Bitcoin and Ethereum) are not backed by any government, corporation, or other identified body. Trading
markets for cryptocurrencies are subject to an evolving and fragmented regulatory framework. While certain jurisdictions, such as the
European Union and the United States, have recently implemented or proposed regulatory regimes, other markets remain less regulated.
As a result, cryptocurrency markets may be more exposed to operational or technical issues, as well as the potential for fraud or manipulation,
compared with the established, regulated exchanges for securities, derivatives, and traditional currencies. Cryptocurrencies
have been subject to significant fluctuations in value. The value of a cryptocurrency may significantly fluctuate precipitously (including
declining to zero) and unpredictably for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: investor perceptions and expectations;
regulatory changes; general economic conditions; adoption and use in the retail and commercial marketplace; public opinion regarding
the environmental impact of the creation (“minting” or “mining”) of cryptocurrency; confidence in, and the maintenance
and development of, its network and open-source software protocols such as blockchain for ensuring the integrity of cryptocurrency transactional
data; and general risks tied to the use of information technologies, including cybersecurity risks. Risks
Related to Our Business and Structure We
are subject to certain limitations and restrictions in our operations as a result of the regulations applicable to BDCs, and any failure
to comply with such regulations could negatively impact our business or expose us to enforcement actions or the claims of private litigants. The
1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs. For example, BDCs are required to invest at least 70% of their gross
assets in specified types of securities, primarily in private companies or thinly traded U.S. public companies, cash, cash equivalents,
U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Any failure to comply with the requirements
imposed on BDCs by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants.
In addition, upon approval of a majority of our stockholders, we may elect to withdraw our status as a BDC. If we decide to withdraw
our election, or if we otherwise fail to maintain our qualification, to be regulated as a BDC, we may be subject to substantially greater
regulation under the 1940 Act as a closed-end investment company. Compliance with such regulations would significantly decrease our operating
flexibility and could significantly increase our costs of doing business. As
an internally managed BDC, we are subject to certain restrictions that may adversely affect our business. As
an internally managed BDC, the size and categories of our assets under management is limited, and we are unable to offer as wide a variety
of financial products to prospective portfolio companies and sponsors (potentially limiting the size and diversification of our asset
base). We therefore may not achieve efficiencies of scale and greater management resources available to externally managed BDCs. Additionally,
as an internally managed BDC, our ability to offer more competitive and flexible compensation structures, such as offering both a profit-sharing
plan and an equity incentive plan, is subject to the limitations imposed by the 1940 Act, which limitations thus may limit our ability
to attract and retain talented investment management professionals. As such, these limitations could inhibit our ability to grow, pursue
our business plan and attract and retain professional talent, any or all of which may have a negative impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS As
an internally managed BDC, we are dependent upon our management team and investment professionals for their time availability and for
our future success, and if we are not able to hire and retain qualified personnel, or if we lose key members of our team, our ability
to implement our business strategy could be significantly harmed. As
an internally managed BDC, our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to make distributions to our stockholders depends upon
the performance of our management team and investment professionals. We depend upon the expertise, skill and network of members of our
management and our investment professionals for the identification, diligence, final selection, structuring, closing and monitoring of
our investments. These employees have critical industry experience and relationships on which we rely to implement our business plan.
If we lose the services of key members of our team, we may not be able to operate the business as we expect, and our ability to compete
could be harmed, which could cause our operating results to suffer. We believe our future success will depend, in part, on our ability
to identify, attract and retain sufficient numbers of highly skilled employees. If we do not succeed in identifying, attracting and retaining
such personnel, we may not be able to operate our business as we expect. As
an internally managed BDC, our compensation structure is determined and set by our Board of Directors and its Compensation Committee.
This structure currently includes salary, bonus and incentive compensation. We are not generally permitted by the 1940 Act to employ
an incentive compensation structure that directly ties performance of our investment portfolio and results of operations to incentive
compensation. Members
of our team may receive offers of more flexible and attractive compensation arrangements from other companies, particularly from investment
advisers to externally managed BDCs that are not subject to the same limitations on incentive-based compensation that we are subject
to as an internally managed BDC. A departure by one or more members of our team or competing demands on their time could have a negative
impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to manage our business effectively and achieve our investment
objective. Our
ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our management team’s and investment professionals’ ability to
identify, analyze and invest in companies that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis is largely
a function of our management team’s and investment professionals’ structuring of the investment process and their ability
to provide competent, attentive and efficient services. We seek a specified number of investments in rapidly growing venture capital-backed
emerging companies, which may be extremely risky. There can be no assurance that our management team and investment professionals will
be successful in identifying and investing in companies that meet our investment criteria, or that we will achieve our investment objective.
Even if we are able to grow and build upon our investment operations, any failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The
results of our operations will depend on many factors, including the availability of opportunities for investment, readily accessible
short- and long-term funding alternatives in the financial markets and economic conditions. Furthermore, any inability to successfully
operate our business or implement our investment policies and strategies as described herein could adversely impact our ability to pay
dividends. Our
business model depends upon the development and maintenance of strong referral relationships with private equity, venture capital funds
and investment banking firms. We
expect that members of our management team and our investment professionals will maintain key informal relationships, which we use to
help identify and gain access to investment opportunities. If our management team and investment professionals fail to maintain relationships
with key firms, or if they fail to establish strong referral relationships with other firms or other sources of investment opportunities,
we will not be able to grow our portfolio of investments and achieve our investment objective. In addition, persons with whom our management
team and investment professionals have informal relationships are not obligated to inform them or us of investment opportunities, and
therefore such relationships may not lead to the origination of equity or other investments. Any loss or diminishment of such relationships
could effectively inhibit our ability to identify attractive portfolio companies that meet our investment criteria, thus negatively impacting
our cash flows and results of operations. 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS There
are significant potential risks related to investing in securities traded on private secondary marketplaces. We
have utilized and expect to continue to utilize private secondary marketplaces, such as Hiive Markets, Ltd. and Forge Global, Inc., to
acquire investments for our portfolio. When we purchase investments in the secondary marketplace, we may have little or no direct access
to financial or other information from these portfolio companies. As a result, we are dependent upon the relationships of our management
team and investment professionals to obtain the information necessary to perform research and due diligence, and to monitor our investments
after they are made. There can be no assurance that our management team and investment professionals will be able to acquire adequate
information on which to make its investment decision with respect to any private secondary marketplace purchases, or that the information
it is able to obtain is accurate or complete. Any failure to obtain full and complete information regarding the portfolio companies with
respect to which we invest through private secondary marketplaces could cause us to lose part or all of our investment in such companies,
which would have a material and adverse effect on our NAV and results of operations. In
addition, while we believe the ability to trade on private secondary marketplaces provides valuable opportunities for liquidity, there
can be no assurance that the portfolio companies with respect to which we invest through private secondary marketplaces will have or
maintain active trading markets, and the prices of those securities may be subject to irregular trading activity, wide bid/ask spreads
and extended trade settlement periods, which may result in an inability for us to realize full value on our investment. In addition,
wide swings in market prices, which are typical of irregularly traded securities, could cause significant and unexpected declines in
the value of our portfolio investments. Further, prices in private secondary marketplaces, where limited information is available, may
not accurately reflect the true value of a portfolio company, and may overstate a portfolio company’s actual value, which may cause
us to realize future capital losses on our investment in that portfolio company. If any of the foregoing were to occur, it would likely
have a material and adverse effect on our NAV and results of operations. Investments
in private companies, including through private secondary marketplaces, also entail additional legal and regulatory risks which expose
participants to the risk of liability due to the imbalance of information among participants and participant qualification and other
transactional requirements applicable to private securities transactions, the non-compliance with which could result in rescission rights
and monetary and other sanctions. The application of these laws within the context of private secondary marketplaces and related market
practices are still evolving, and, despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, we could be exposed to liability. The regulation
of private secondary marketplaces is also evolving. Additional state or federal regulation of these markets could result in limits on
the operation of or activity on those markets. Conversely, deregulation of these markets could make it easier for investors to invest
directly in private companies and affect the attractiveness of our Company as an access vehicle for investment in private shares. Private
companies may also increasingly seek to limit secondary trading in their stock, such as through contractual transfer restrictions, and
provisions in company charter documents, investor rights of first refusal and co-sale and/or employment and trading policies further
restricting trading. To the extent that these or other developments result in reduced trading activity and/or availability of private
company shares, our ability to find investment opportunities and to liquidate our investments could be adversely affected. Our
business is subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure and accounting requirements that are costly and could
adversely affect our business and financial results. We
are subject to changing rules and regulations of federal and state government as well as the stock exchange on which our common stock
is listed. These entities, including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market, have
issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the course of the last several years and
continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. In addition, there are significant
corporate governance and executive compensation-related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act, and the SEC has adopted, and may continue to
adopt, additional rules and regulations that may impact us. Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in, and are likely
to continue to result in, an increase in expenses and a diversion of management’s time from other business activities. In
addition, any failure to keep pace with such rules, or to appropriately address compliance with such rules fully and in a timely manner,
would expose us to an increasing risk of inadvertent non-compliance. While our management team takes reasonable efforts to ensure that
we are in full compliance with all laws applicable to our operations, the increasing rate and extent of regulatory change increases the
risk of a failure to comply, which may limit our ability to operate our business in the ordinary course or may subject us to potential
fines, regulatory findings or other matters that may materially impact our business. Over
the last several years, there has also been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional
banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it
cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit
extension could negatively impact our operating results or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory
supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Capital
markets may experience periods of disruption and instability, including as recently experienced. Such market conditions may materially
and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States and abroad, which may have a negative impact on our business
and operations. From time to time, capital markets may experience periods of disruption
and instability, including during recent fiscal years. Since 2020, the U.S. capital markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption.
Despite actions of the U.S. federal government and foreign governments, these types of events contribute to unpredictable general economic
conditions that materially and adversely impact the broader financial and credit markets and reduce the availability of debt and equity
capital for the market as a whole. These conditions could continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the future. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of recent market disruption and instability,
including uncertainty with respect to, among other things, inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, new tariffs and trade barriers,and
geopolitical conditions, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the ongoing conflicts in Europe and the Middle East,
as well as the failure of major financial institutions,significant volatility has been introduced in the financial markets. The effect
of this volatility has materially impacted and could continue to materially impact our market risks. It is difficult to predict the full
impact of these conditions on our business. The extent of any such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain,
including the duration or reoccurrence of any potential business or supply chain disruption, changes in interest rates and inflation rates,
global conflicts, health epidemics and pandemics and the actions taken by governments in response to these conditions. During
any such periods of market disruption and instability, we and other companies in the financial services sector may have limited access,
if available, to alternative markets for debt and equity capital. Equity capital may be difficult to raise because, subject to some limited
exceptions which will apply to us as a BDC, we will generally not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less
than NAV without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. Volatility
and dislocation in the capital markets can also create a challenging environment in which to raise or access debt capital, and our ability
to incur indebtedness (including by issuing preferred stock) is limited by applicable regulations such that our asset coverage (as defined
in the 1940 Act) must equal at least 200% (or 150% if certain requirements are met) immediately after each time we incur indebtedness.
The continuance or reappearance of market conditions similar to those experienced during recent fiscal years for
any substantial length of time could make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new
indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that
will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently
experience, including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity
investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability
to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. An inability to extend the maturity of, or refinance,
our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations. Significant
volatility and disruption has had, and in the future may have, a negative effect on the valuations of our investments and on the potential
for liquidity events involving these investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards
require us to assume, as part of our valuation process, that our investments are sold in orderly mark-to-market transactions between
market participants. As a result, volatility in the capital markets can adversely affect our investment valuations. Significant
disruption or volatility in the capital markets may also affect the pace of our investment activity and the potential for liquidity events
involving our investments. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital
if required and to value such investments. Consequently, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we carry our investments.
An inability to raise capital, and any required sale of our investments for liquidity purposes, could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, a prolonged period of market illiquidity may cause us to
reduce the volume of loans and debt securities we originate and/or fund and adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments,
which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Financial
Institution Risk and Distress Events may have a negative impact on our business and operations. An
investment in us is subject to the risk that one or more of our banks, brokers, hedging counterparties, lenders or other custodians of
some or all of our assets (each, a “Financial Institution”) may fail to perform its obligations or experience insolvency, closure,
receivership or other financial distress or difficulty, similar to that experienced by Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in March
2023 (each, a “Distress Event”). Distress Events can be caused by various factors,including eroding market sentiment, significant
withdrawals, fraud, malfeasance, poor performance or accounting irregularities. In the event a Financial Institution experiences a Distress
Event, we may not be able to access deposits, borrowing facilities or other services for an extended period of time or at all. Although
assets held by regulated Financial Institutions in the United States frequently are insured up to stated balance amounts by organizations
such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”), in the case of banks, or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation
(“SIPC”), in the case of certain broker-dealers, amounts in excess of the relevant insurance limits are subject to risk of
loss, and any non-U.S. Financial Institutions that are not subject to similar regimes pose increased risk of loss. In the event of a
failure of a banking institution, access to our bank accounts could be restricted and FDIC protection may not be available for balances
in excess of amounts insured by the FDIC (and similar considerations may apply to banking institutions in other jurisdictions not subject
to FDIC protection). In such instances, we may not recover such excess, uninsured amounts and instead would only have an unsecured claim
against the banking institution and participate pro rata with other unsecured creditors in the residual value of the banking institution’s
assets. In addition, we may not be able to identify all potential solvency or stress concerns with respect to a Financial Institution
or to transfer assets from one Financial Institution to another in a timely manner in the event a Financial Institution comes under stress
or fails. Although in recent years governmental intervention has resulted in additional protections for depositors, there can be no assurance
that governmental intervention will be successful or avoid the risk of loss, substantial delays or negative impact on banking or brokerage
conditions or markets. Distress
Events affecting Financial Institutions may also adversely impact our portfolio companies, which may maintain deposits or banking relationships
with such institutions. Banking disruptions affecting portfolio companies could impair their ability to access working capital, make
payroll, meet operating expenses or service their obligations to us, which could result in defaults, reduced valuations or credit losses.Any
such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. General
interest rate fluctuations may have a negative impact on our investments and our investment returns and, accordingly, may have a material
adverse effect on our investment objective and our net investment income. 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS Following a period of elevated interest rates implemented to address inflation
concerns, the Federal Reserve commenced a cycle of interest rate reductions in late 2024, with the most recent cut occurring in the fourth
quarter of 2025. The Feder Reserve has indicated that additional rate cuts may occur in the future; however, future reductions to benchmark
rates are not certain. We may borrow money and issue debt securities or preferred stock to make investments, and if we do so, our net
investment income will be dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds or pay interest or dividends on such
debt securities or preferred stock and the rate at which we invest these funds. While we are principally invested in the equity and equity-related
securities of our portfolio companies, to the extent we have debt investments with floating rates, in periods of declining interest rates,
we may earn less interest income from investments and our cost of funds will also decrease. While a decrease in interest rates may reduce
our borrowing costs, it could also reduce the portfolio yield on our floating-rate investments, thereby decreasing our net income. Conversely,
any future increase in interest rates could decrease the value of any investments we hold which earn fixed interest rates and could also
increase our our interest expense, thereby decreasing our net income. Additionally, fluctuations in interest rates available to investors
could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to pay dividends at a level that provides a similar return,
which could reduce the value of our common stock. Further, changes in interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if such
changes cause our borrowing costs to rise at a rate in excess of the rate that our investments yield. It is possible that the Federal
Reserve’s recent interest rate reductions could also result in increased inflation, which may necessitate a return to a more restrictive
monetary policy or otherwise adversely affect the operating results of our portfolio companies, either of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that a significant change in
market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. Rising
interest rates may also increase the cost of debt for our underlying portfolio companies, which could adversely impact their financial
performance and ability to meet ongoing obligations to us. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make an investment
in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to pay dividends at a level that provides a similar return, which could reduce
the value of our common stock. Economic
recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. Many
of the portfolio companies in which we make investments may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay
any loans made to them during these periods and, thus, jeopardize our equity investment in such portfolio companies. Therefore, the value
of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record our investments at their current fair value. Adverse
economic conditions also may decrease the value of our equity investments and the value of any collateral securing our loans, if any.
Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable
economic conditions could also increase our and our portfolio companies’ funding costs, limit our and our portfolio companies’
access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us or our portfolio companies. These events
could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. A
portfolio company’s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and,
potentially, acceleration of the time when the loans are due and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross defaults
under other agreements and jeopardize our equity investment in such portfolio company. We may incur additional expenses to the extent
necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a financially distressed or defaulting portfolio company. In addition,
if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, we would typically be last in line behind
any creditors and would likely experience a complete loss on our investment. Any
disruptive conditions in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation in response to those conditions could restrict our
business operations and could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the BDC market may be
more sensitive to changes in interest rates or other factors and to the extent the BDC market trades down, our shares might likewise
be affected. If the fair value of our assets declines substantially, we may fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios imposed upon us
by the 1940 Act. Any such failure would affect our ability to issue securities, including borrowings, and pay dividends, which could
materially impair our business operations. Our liquidity could be impaired further by an inability to access the capital markets or to
consummate new borrowing facilities to provide capital for normal operations, including new originations. In recent years, reflecting
concern about the stability of the financial markets, many lenders and institutional investors have reduced or ceased providing funding
to borrowers. In
the past, instability in the global capital markets resulted in disruptions in liquidity in the debt capital markets, significant
write-offs in the financial services sector, the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated credit market and the failure
of major domestic and international financial institutions. In particular, in past periods of instability, the financial services
sector was negatively impacted by significant write-offs as the value of the assets held by financial firms declined, impairing
their capital positions and abilities to lend and invest. In addition, continued uncertainty surrounding international trade
policies, treaties, sanctions, and tariffs, among other factors, have caused disruption in the global markets. There can be no assurance that
market conditions will not worsen in the future. 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Economic
sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit us from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. In
the United States, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers and enforces laws, executive
orders and regulations establishing U.S. economic and trade sanctions, which prohibit, among other things, transactions with, and the
provision of services to, certain non-U.S. countries, territories, entities and individuals. These types of sanctions may significantly
restrict or completely prohibit investment activities in certain jurisdictions, and if we, our portfolio companies or other issuers in
which we invest were to violate any such laws or regulations, we may face significant legal and monetary penalties. The Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, or FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, as well as antiboycott regulations, may also apply to and restrict
our activities, our portfolio companies and other issuers of our investments. If an issuer or we were to violate any such laws or regulations,
such issuer or we may face significant legal and monetary penalties. The
U.S. government has indicated that it is particularly focused on FCPA enforcement, which may increase the risk that an issuer or us becomes
the subject of such actual or threatened enforcement. In addition, certain commentators have suggested that private investment firms
and the funds that they manage may face increased scrutiny and/or liability with respect to the activities of their underlying portfolio
companies. As such, a violation of the FCPA or other applicable regulations by us or an issuer of our portfolio investments could have
a material adverse effect on us. We are committed to complying with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, as well
as anti-boycott regulations. As a result, we may be adversely affected because of our unwillingness to enter into transactions that violate
any such laws or regulations. Inflation
may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. Certain
of our portfolio companies may be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs
along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results, which could in turn adversely impact our results of operations.
In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies’ operating results due to inflation could adversely
impact the fair value of our investments particularly if interest rates rise in response to inflation. Any decreases in the fair
value of our investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. See
“ —We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. ” We
are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. Our
business (including that of our portfolio companies) faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social, and governance
(“ESG”) activities. A variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these
assessments are widely publicized. If our ESG ratings or performance do not meet the standards set by such investors or our stockholders,
they may choose to exclude our securities from their investments. In addition, investment in funds that specialize in companies that
perform well in such assessments remain popular, and major institutional investors have publicly discussed their consideration of such
ESG ratings and measures in making their investment decisions. We
risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, including, but not limited to, human rights,
climate change and environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency, or consideration
of ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, our
relationship with existing and future portfolio companies, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Conversely,
“anti-ESG” sentiment has gained momentum across the U.S., with a growing number of states, federal agencies, the executive
branch and Congress having enacted, proposed or indicated an intent to pursue “anti-ESG” policies, legislation or issued
related legal opinions and engaged in related investigations and litigation. If investors subject to “anti-ESG” legislation
view our investment activities as being in contradiction of such “anti-ESG” policies, legislation or legal opinions, such
investors may not invest in us and it could negatively impact the price of our common stock. In addition, corporate diversity, equity
and inclusion (“DEI”) practices have recently come under increasing scrutiny. For example, some advocacy groups and federal
and state officials have asserted that the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision striking down race-based affirmative action in higher
education in June 2023 should be analogized to private employment matters and private contract matters and several media campaigns and
cases alleging discrimination based on such arguments have been initiated since the decision. Additionally, in January 2025, President
Trump signed a number of Executive Orders focused on DEI, which indicate continued scrutiny of DEI initiatives and potential related
investigations of certain private entities with respect to DEI initiatives, including publicly traded companies. If we do not successfully
manage expectations across varied stakeholder interests, it could erode stakeholder trust, impact our reputation and constrain our investment
opportunities. Such scrutiny of both ESG and DEI related practices could expose us to the risk of litigation, investigations
or challenges by federal or state authorities or result in reputational harm. 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS There
is also regulatory interest across jurisdictions in improving transparency regarding the definition, measurement and disclosure of
ESG factors in order to allow investors to validate and better understand sustainability claims. For example, the SEC sometimes
reviews compliance with ESG commitments in examinations and has taken enforcement actions against registered investment advisers for
not establishing adequate or consistently implementing ESG policies and procedures to meet ESG commitments to investors. At the
state level, in October 2023, California enacted legislation (Senate Bills 253 and 261) that would require certain
companies that do business in California to publicly disclose their Scopes 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gas emissions, with third party
assurance of such data, and issue public reports on their climate-related financial risk and related mitigation measures. As of November 2025, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has granted a temporary injunction of SB 261 (requiring climate-related
financial risk reporting), while SB 253 (requiring greenhouse gas emissions disclosure) remains in force with initial compliance deadlines
anticipated in 2026, subject to ongoing legal challenges. Compliance with any of these new laws or regulations could increase our regulatory burden and could result in increased legal, accounting and compliance
costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, affect the manner in which we or our portfolio companies
conduct our businesses and adversely affect our profitability. Our
business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which
could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been
increasing in the BDC space recently. While we are currently not subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, due to
the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we may in the future become the target of securities
litigation or stockholder activism. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result
in substantial costs and divert management’s and our Board of Directors’ attention and resources from our business. Additionally,
such securities litigation and stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our
relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to
incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist stockholder matters. Further, our stock
price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities
litigation and stockholder activism. Changes
to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on our portfolio companies and, in turn, negatively impact us. The
U.S. government has imposed, and may in the future increase, tariffs on certain countries and commodities. In response, certain foreign
trading partners have imposed, and may continue to impose, retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S. goods. Although the Supreme Court recently
invalidated the tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”), certain tariff rates and
obligations established through trade agreements negotiated while IEEPA tariffs were in effect remain in force. In addition, the current
administration has announced widely applicable tariffs pursuant to other statutory authorities, including the Trade Act of 1974, effective
February 24, 2026, and has indicated that it will continue seeking to impose tariffs through additional statutory authorities. The scope
and implications of the Supreme Court’s decision may create further market uncertainty, including with respect to the availability
of refunds for tariffs previously collected under IEEPA and the imposition of new tariffs under alternative authorities. These developments have created
significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries with respect to trade policies,
treaties and the imposition of new or increased tariffs.Such developments, or the continued uncertainty relating to U.S. trade policies,could
have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may reduce global trade
and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the United States. The uncertainty relating to U.S. trade policies has also
contributed to increased market volatility. Any of these factors could depress economic activity,restrict our portfolio companies’ access
to suppliers or customers, increase costs, decrease margins and reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by our portfolio
companies.These factors may adversely affect the revenues and profitability of such portfolio companies and, in turn, negatively affect
our results of operations, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The ultimate impact of these or similar
future events on the United States and other economies, specific industries, our business or our portfolio companies cannot be predicted
with certainty; however, any such impact could be material and adverse to us. We
operate in a highly competitive market for direct equity investment opportunities. A
large number of entities compete with us to make the types of direct equity investments that we target as part of our business strategy.
We compete for such investments with a large number of private equity and venture capital funds, other equity and non-equity based investment
funds, investment banks and other sources of financing, including traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and
specialty finance companies. Many of our competitors are substantially larger than us and have considerably greater financial, technical
and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are
not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could
allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors
are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements
we must satisfy to maintain our ability to subject to tax as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider
variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer financing at more attractive terms than we are able to offer. There can
be no assurance that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities
from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make direct equity investments that are consistent
with our investment objective. Borrowings,
such as the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and our 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, can magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested
and may increase the risk of investing in us. Borrowings,
also known as leverage, magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and, therefore, increase the risks associated with
investing in our securities. In addition to the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and our 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, we may borrow from and
issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders. Lenders of such senior securities would have fixed dollar
claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging
would cause the net asset value attributable to our common stock to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely,
if the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had
we not leveraged. Similarly, any increase in our income in excess of interest payable on the borrowed funds would cause our net income
to increase more than it would without the leverage, while any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply
than it would have had we not borrowed. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. Our ability to service the
6.00% Notes due 2026, the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 or any borrowings under any other future debt that we incur will depend largely
on our financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. As a result of our use
of leverage, we have experienced a substantial increase in operating expenses and may continue to do so in the future. 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS The
following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns
on our portfolio, net of expenses. Leverage generally magnifies the return of stockholders when the portfolio return is positive and
magnifies their losses when the portfolio return is negative. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical, and actual returns
may be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (Net of Expenses) (10.0)% (5.0)% 0.0% 5.0% 10.0% Corresponding return to common stockholder (1) (13.44 )% (7.95 )% (2.46 )% 3.04 % 8.53 % (1) Assumes
                                            $225.5 million in total portfolio assets, and $70.8 million in outstanding debt related to
                                            our 6.00% Notes due 2026 and 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 as of December 31, 2025. Our
use of borrowed funds to make investments exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage. We
borrow money and may issue debt securities or preferred stock to leverage our capital structure. As a result: ● shares
                                            of our common stock would be exposed to incremental risk of loss; therefore, a decrease in
                                            the value of our investments would have a greater negative impact on the value of our common
                                            stock than if we did not use leverage; ● any
                                            depreciation in the value of our assets may magnify losses associated with an investment
                                            and could totally eliminate the value of an asset to us; ● if
                                            we do not appropriately match the assets and liabilities of our business and interest or
                                            dividend rates on such assets and liabilities, adverse changes in interest rates could reduce
                                            or eliminate the incremental income we make with the proceeds of any leverage; ● our
                                            ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be restricted if our asset coverage ratio,
                                            as provided in the 1940 Act, is not at least 200% (or 150% if certain requirements are met),
                                            and any amounts used to service indebtedness or preferred stock would not be available for
                                            such dividends; ● any
                                            future credit facility we may enter into would be subject to periodic renewal by the lenders
                                            party thereto, whose continued participation cannot be guaranteed; ● such
                                            securities would be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting
                                            our operating flexibility or affecting our investment or operating policies, and may require
                                            us to pledge assets or provide other security for such indebtedness; ● we,
                                            and indirectly our common stockholders, bear the entire cost of issuing and paying interest
                                            or dividends on such securities; ● if
                                            we issue preferred stock, the special voting rights and preferences of preferred stockholders
                                            may result in such stockholders having interests that are not aligned with the interests
                                            of our common stockholders, and the rights of our preferred stockholders to dividends and
                                            liquidation preferences will be senior to the rights of our common stockholders; ● any
                                            convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue may have rights, preferences and privileges
                                            more favorable than those of our common shares; and ● any
                                            custodial relationships associated with our use of leverage would conform to the requirements
                                            of the 1940 Act, and no creditor would have veto power over our investment policies, strategies,
                                            objectives or decisions except in an event of default or if our asset coverage was less than
                                            200% (or 150% if certain requirements are met). Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue
senior securities only in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio equals at least 200% (or 150% if certain requirements are satisfied)
after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test and we may be required
to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our senior securities at a time
when such sales may be disadvantageous. 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS If
we default under any future borrowing facility we enter into or are unable to amend, repay or refinance any such facility on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all, we may suffer material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. Substantially
all of our assets may be pledged as collateral under any future borrowing facility. In the event that we default under any future borrowing
facility, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell all or a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely
at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support covenants and working
capital requirements under any future borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Following
any such default, the agent for the lenders under any future borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all
of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if the lender exercises its right
to sell the assets pledged under any future borrowing facility, such sales may be completed at distressed sale prices, thereby diminishing
or potentially eliminating the amount of cash available to us after repayment of our outstanding borrowings. Moreover, such deleveraging
could significantly impair our ability to effectively operate our business in the manner in which we have historically operated. As a
result, we could be forced to curtail or cease new investment activities and lower or eliminate any dividends that we may pay to our
stockholders. We
may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. Although
we focus on achieving capital gains from our investments, in certain cases we may receive current income, such as interest or dividends,
on our investments. Because in certain cases we may recognize such current income before or without receiving cash representing such
income, we may have difficulty satisfying the annual distribution requirement applicable to RICs. Accordingly, in order to maintain our
qualification as a RIC, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt
or equity capital or reduce new investments to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources,
we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus would be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Regulations
governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital, which may expose us to risks,
including the typical risks associated with leverage. We
may in the future issue additional debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions,
which we refer to collectively (along with the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029) as “senior securities,”
up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior
securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200% (or 150% if certain conditions
are satisfied) of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities.
If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of
our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous.
Furthermore, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. All
of the costs of offering and servicing the 6.00% Notes due 2026, the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 and any additional debt or preferred
stock we may issue in the future, including interest payments thereon, will be borne by our common stockholders. The interests of the
holders of the 6.00% Notes due 2026, the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 and any additional debt or preferred stock we may issue will
not necessarily be aligned with the interests of our common stockholders. In particular, the rights of holders of the 6.00% Notes due
2026, the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 and any other debt or preferred stock we mato receive interest or principal repayment will
be senior to those of our common stockholders. Also, in the event we issue preferred stock, the holders of such preferred stock will
have the ability to elect two members of our Board of Directors. In addition, we may grant a lender a security interest in a significant
portion or all of our assets, even if the total amount we may borrow from such lender is less than the amount of such lender’s
security interest in our assets. In no event, however, will any lender to us have any veto power over, or any vote with respect to, any
change in our, or approval of any new, investment objective or investment policies or strategies. 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS We
are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below NAV per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or
warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV per share of our common stock if our Board
of Directors determines that such sale is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such
sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination
of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). We
are also generally prohibited under the 1940 Act from issuing securities convertible into voting securities without obtaining the approval
of our existing stockholders. In
addition to regulatory requirements that restrict our ability to raise capital, the loan agreement governing any future credit facility
may contain various covenants which, if not complied with, could materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition,
results of operations and ability to pay dividends. Under
the loan agreement governing any future credit facility, we may take certain customary representations and warranties and may be required
to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements, and other customary requirements for similar credit
facilities, including, without limitation, restrictions on incurring additional indebtedness, compliance with the asset coverage requirements
under the 1940 Act, a minimum NAV requirement, a limitation on the reduction of our NAV, and maintenance of RIC and BDC status. Such
loan agreement may include usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of similar nature, including, without limitation,
nonpayment, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default to certain other
indebtedness, bankruptcy, and the occurrence of a material adverse effect. Our
ability to continue to comply with these covenants in the future depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. There
are no assurances that we will be able to comply with these covenants. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in a default
which, if we were unable to obtain a waiver under any such loan agreement, would have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial
condition, results of operations and ability to pay dividends. We
will be subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates if we are profitable and are unable to qualify as a RIC, which
could have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. We
elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014, have qualified
to be treated as a RIC for subsequent taxable years and expect to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment
applicable to RICs. See “Item 1. Business—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations” and “Note 2—Significant
Accounting Policies— U.S. Federal and State Income Taxes ” and “Note 9—Income Taxes” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 for more information. We
generally believe that it will be in our best interest to be treated as a RIC in any year in which we are profitable. If we fail to qualify
for tax treatment as a RIC for any year in which we are profitable and such profits exceed certain loss carryforwards that we are entitled
to utilize, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates, which could substantially reduce our net assets,
the amount of income available for distribution or reinvestment and the amount of our distributions. Such a failure could have a material
adverse effect on us and our stockholders. In
any year in which we intend to be treated as a RIC, we may be forced to dispose of investments at times when our management team would
not otherwise do so or raise additional capital at times when we would not otherwise do so, in each case in order to qualify for the
special tax treatment accorded to RICs. To
qualify as a RIC, we must meet certain income source, asset diversification and annual distribution requirements. In order to satisfy
the income source requirement, we must derive in each taxable year at least 90% of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments
with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, other income derived
with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities or income from “qualified publicly traded partnerships.”
To qualify as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. Failure
to meet these tests in any year in which we intend to be treated as a RIC may result in our having to dispose of certain investments
quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments are in private companies, any such dispositions could
be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. In addition, in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement
for a RIC, we must distribute at least 90% of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net
long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. We will be subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements
under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under the terms of our indebtedness that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from
making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to dispose of investments quickly enough
to meet the asset diversification requirements at the end of a quarter or obtain cash from other sources in order to meet the annual
distribution requirement, we may fail to qualify and, thus, be subject to U.S. federal income tax. 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS Legislative
or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The
rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the
Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes in tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations
or any amendments thereto could adversely affect us, the entities in which we invest, or the holders of our securities, including our
common stock and the 6.00% Notes due 2026. Additionally, the Trump Administration has proposed significant changes to the Code and existing
U.S federal income tax regulations and there are a number of proposals in Congress that would similarly modify the Code. The likelihood
of any such legislation being enacted is uncertain, but new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations
or court decisions interpreting such legislation could have adverse consequences, including affecting our ability to qualify as a RIC
or otherwise impacting the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors. Investors are urged to consult with their tax
advisors with respect to the impact of this legislation and the status of any other regulatory or administrative developments and proposals
and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. Because
we expect to distribute substantially all of our net investment income and net realized capital gains to our stockholders, we will need
additional capital to finance our growth, and such capital may not be available on favorable terms or at all. We
have elected to be taxed for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. If we meet certain requirements,
including source of income, asset diversification and distribution requirements, and if we continue to operate as a BDC, we will continue
to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC under the Code and will not be subject to U.S. income taxes on income we distribute to our stockholders
as dividends, allowing us to substantially reduce or eliminate our U.S. federal income tax liability. As a BDC, we are generally required
to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total senior securities, which includes all of our borrowings and any preferred stock we
may issue in the future, of at least 200% (or 150% if certain conditions are satisfied) at the time we issue any debt or preferred stock.
This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow. Because we will continue to need capital to grow our investment portfolio, this
limitation may prevent us from incurring debt or issuing preferred stock and require us to raise additional equity at a time when it
may be disadvantageous to do so. We cannot assure you that debt and equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at
all, and debt financings may be restricted by the terms of any of our outstanding borrowings. In addition, as a BDC, we are generally
not permitted to issue common stock priced below NAV without stockholder approval. If additional funds are not available to us, we could
be forced to curtail or cease new lending and investment activities, and our NAV could decline. We
may continue to choose to pay dividends in our common stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. We
have in the past, and may continue to, distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in shares of our common stock. In accordance
with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and published guidance issued by the IRS, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own
common stock as fulfilling the RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution
in either cash or common stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders
must not exceed more than 20% of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, the cash available
for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock).
In no event will any stockholder electing to receive cash receive less than the lesser of (a) the portion of the distribution such stockholder
has elected to receive in cash or (b) an amount equal to his or her entire distribution times the percentage limitation on cash available
for distribution. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid
in common stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of common stock. Taxable stockholders receiving
such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent
such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess
of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may
be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time
of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends,
including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. In addition, if a significant number of our
stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the
trading price of our common stock. 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Changes
in laws or regulations governing our business or the businesses of our portfolio companies, changes in the interpretation thereof or
newly enacted laws or regulations, and any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations may adversely
affect our business and the businesses of our portfolio companies. We
and our portfolio companies are subject to laws and regulations at the U.S. federal, state and local levels and, in some cases, foreign
levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws, regulations and interpretations
may also come into effect, potentially with retroactive effect. Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse
effect on our business or the business of our portfolio companies. The legal, tax and regulatory environment for BDCs, investment advisers
and the instruments that they utilize (including derivative instruments) is continuously evolving. In addition, there is significant
uncertainty regarding enacted legislation and, consequently, the full impact that such legislation will ultimately have on us and the
markets in which we trade and invest is not fully known. For example, on August 16, 2022, the Biden Administration enacted the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022, which modifies key aspects of the Code, including by creating an alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations
and an excise tax on stock repurchases by certain corporations. We will assess the potential impact of these legislative changes. Such
uncertainty and any resulting confusion may itself be detrimental to the efficient functioning of the markets and the success of certain
of our investment strategies. In
addition, as private equity firms become more influential participants in the U.S. and global financial markets and economy generally,
there recently has been pressure for greater governmental scrutiny and/or regulation of the private equity industry. It is unclear as
to what form and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation, if any, on the private equity industry may ultimately
take. Therefore, there can be no assurance as to whether any such scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private
equity industry, including our ability to effect operating improvements or restructurings of our portfolio companies or otherwise achieve
our objectives. Over
the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional
banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it
cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit
extension could negatively impact our or our portfolio companies’ operating results or financial condition, impose additional costs
on us or our portfolio companies, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. Additionally,
any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves
of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth herein and
may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of our management team and investment professionals to other
types of investments in which the investment team may have less expertise or little or no experience. Thus, any such changes, if they
occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. The
SBCAA allows us to incur additional leverage, which could increase the risk of investing in us. The
SBCAA modified the 1940 Act to allow BDCs to decrease their asset coverage requirement from 200% to 150% (i.e. the amount of debt may
not exceed 66.7% of the value of our total assets) if certain requirements are met. Under the SBCAA, we are allowed to reduce our asset
coverage requirement to 150%, and thereby increase our leverage capacity, if shareholders representing at least a majority of the votes
cast, when a quorum is present, approve a proposal to do so. If we receive shareholder approval, we would be allowed to reduce our asset
coverage requirement to 150% on the first day after such approval. Alternatively, the SBCAA allows the majority of our independent directors
to approve the reduction in our asset coverage requirement to 150%, and such approval would become effective after one year. In either
case, we would be required to make certain disclosures on our website and in SEC filings regarding, among other things, the receipt of
approval to reduce our asset coverage requirement to 150%, our leverage capacity and usage, and risks related to leverage. As
a result of the SBCAA, if we obtain the necessary approval, we may be able to increase our leverage up to an amount that reduces our
asset coverage ratio from 200% to 150%. Leverage magnifies the potential for loss on investments in our indebtedness and on invested
equity capital. As we use leverage to partially finance our investments, you will experience increased risks of investing in our securities.
If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the NAV attributable to our common stock to increase more sharply than
it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause NAV to decline more sharply
than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged our business. Similarly, any increase in our income in excess of interest payable on
the borrowed funds would cause our net investment income to increase more than it would without the leverage, while any decrease in our
income would cause net investment income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively
affect our ability to pay common stock dividends, scheduled debt payments or other payments related to our securities. Leverage is generally
considered a speculative investment technique. 38 TABLE OF CONTENTS Certain
investors are limited in their ability to make significant investments in us. Private
funds that are excluded from the definition of “investment company” pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act
are restricted from acquiring directly or through a controlled entity more than 3% of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at
the time of the acquisition). Investment companies registered under the 1940 Act and BDCs, such as us, are also subject to this restriction,
as well as other limitations under the 1940 Act that would restrict the amount that they are able to invest in our securities. As a result,
certain investors will be limited in their ability to make significant investments in us at a time that they might desire to do so. Ineffective
internal controls could impact our business and operating results. Our
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the
possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy
of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their
implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. We
may in the future determine to fund a portion of our investments with preferred stock, which would magnify the potential for gain or
loss and the risks of investing in us in the same way as our borrowings. Preferred
stock, which is another form of leverage, has the same risks to our common stockholders as borrowings because the dividends on any preferred
stock we issue must be cumulative. Payment of such dividends and repayment of the liquidation preference of such preferred stock must
take preference over any dividends or other payments to our common stockholders, and preferred stockholders are not subject to any of
our expenses or losses and are not entitled to participate in any income or appreciation in excess of their stated preference. Accordingly,
any issuance of preferred stock that we effect would subject our stockholders, including our common stockholders, to these risks. Our
Board of Directors is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of preferred stock, which could
convey special rights and privileges to its owners. Our
charter permits our Board of Directors to reclassify any authorized but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of preferred
stock. Our Board of Directors will generally have broad discretion over the size and timing of any such reclassification, subject to
a finding that the reclassification and issuance of such preferred stock is in the best interests of the Company and our existing common
stockholders. Any issuance of preferred stock would be subject to certain limitations imposed under the 1940 Act, including the requirement
that such preferred stock have equal voting rights with our outstanding common stock. We are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares
of common stock. In the event our Board of Directors opts to reclassify a portion of our unissued shares of common stock into a class
of preferred stock, those preferred shares would have a preference over our common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation. The
cost of any such reclassification would be borne by our existing common stockholders. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that holders
of preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two directors. As a result, our preferred stockholders
will have the ability to reject a director that would otherwise be elected by our common stockholders. In addition, while Maryland law
generally requires directors to act in the best interests of all of a corporation’s stockholders, there can be no assurance that
a director elected by our preferred stockholders will not choose to act in a manner that tends to favors our preferred stockholders,
particularly where there is a conflict between the interests of our preferred stockholders and our common stockholders. The class voting
rights of any preferred shares we may issue could make it more difficult for us to take some actions that may, in the future, be proposed
by the Board of Directors and/or the holders of our common stock, such as a merger, exchange of securities, liquidation, or alteration
of the rights of a class of our securities, if these actions were perceived by the holders of preferred shares as not in their best interests.
The issuance of preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock might also reduce the net income and NAV per share of our common
stock upon conversion. These effects, among others, could have an adverse effect on an investment in our common stock. 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our
Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval,
the effects of which may be adverse. Our
Board of Directors has the authority to modify or waive our investment objective, current operating policies, investment criteria and
strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies,
investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, net asset value, operating results and value of our stock. However, the
effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay you dividends and cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Provisions
of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the
price of our common stock. The
Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change
in control of us or the removal of our directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act (“MBCA”), subject
to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our Board of Directors has adopted a resolution exempting from the MBCA any business
combination between us and any other person, subject to prior approval of such business combination by our Board of Directors, including
approval by a majority of our directors who are not “interest persons” as defined in the 1940 Act. If the resolution exempting
business combinations is repealed or our Board of Directors does not approve a business combination, the MBCA may discourage third parties
from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland Control
Share Acquisition Act (“Control Share Act”) acquisitions of our stock by any person. If we amend our bylaws to repeal the
exemption from the Control Share Act, the Control Share Act also may make it more difficult for a third party to obtain control of us
and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction. However, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share
Act only if our Board of Directors determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination
that our being subject to the Control Share Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. We
have also adopted measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter
classifying our Board of Directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms, and authorizing our Board of Directors, without
stockholder action, to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, including preferred stock, to cause
the issuance of additional shares of our stock, and to amend our charter without stockholder approval to increase or decrease the aggregate
number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. These provisions,
as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise
be in the best interests of our stockholders. We
are highly dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively
affect the market price of our common stock and our ability make distributions. Our
business is highly dependent on our and third parties’ communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those
systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third-party service providers, could cause delays or other
problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to
operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond
our control and may adversely affect our business. There could be: ● sudden electrical or telecommunications
  outages; ● natural disasters such as
  earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; ● disease pandemics; ● events arising from local
  or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and ● cyber-attacks. These
events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our common stock
and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 40 TABLE OF CONTENTS We
will likely experience fluctuations in our results and we may be unable to replicate past investment opportunities or make the types
of investments we have made to date in future periods. We
will likely experience fluctuations in our operating results due to a number of factors, including the rate at which we make new investments,
the level of our expenses, changes in the valuation of our portfolio investments, variations in and the timing of the recognition of
realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions.
For example, since inception through December 31, 2025, we have experienced substantial cumulative negative cash flows from operations.
These fluctuations may in certain cases be exaggerated as a result of our focus on realizing capital gains rather than current income
from our investments. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate or acquire investments that are of a similar
nature to those currently in our portfolio. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative
of performance in future periods. Risks
Related to our Borrowings Our
borrowings, including the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 are unsecured and therefore effectively subordinated
to any future secured indebtedness we could incur. The
6.00% Notes due 2026 and 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of any of our subsidiaries.
As a result, these borrowings are effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness we or our subsidiaries may incur in the
future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured as to which we subsequently grant a security interest) to the extent of the value
of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any
of our future secured indebtedness or secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure
that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors. The
6.00% Notes due 2026 and 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 rank pari passu , which means equal in right of payment, with all outstanding
and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us. The 6.00% Notes due 2026 also rank pari passu with, or equal to,
our general liabilities (total liabilities, less debt). In total, these general liabilities were approximately $0.9 million as of December
31, 2025. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of such indebtedness may assert rights
equal to the holders of the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, which may limit recovery by the holders of these
debt securities. The
6.00% Notes due 2026 are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The
6.00% Notes due 2026 are obligations exclusively of SuRo Capital Corp., and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries
will be a guarantor of the 6.00% Notes due 2026, and the 6.00% Notes due 2026 are not be required to be guaranteed by any subsidiary
we may acquire or create in the future. Any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors,
including holders of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries,
all claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such entities (and therefore the claims of
our creditors, including holders of the 6.00% Notes due 2026) with respect to the assets of such entities. Even if we are recognized
as a creditor of one or more of these entities, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets
of any such entity and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such entity senior to our claims. Consequently, the 6.00% Notes
due 2026 are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, of any of our existing or
future subsidiaries. The
indenture under which the 6.00% Notes due 2026 were issued contains limited protection for holders of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. The
indenture under which the 6.00% Notes due 2026 were issued offers limited protection to holders of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. The terms
of the indenture and the 6.00% Notes due 2026 do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries’ ability to engage in, or otherwise
be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have a material adverse impact on an investment
in the 6.00% Notes due 2026. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the 6.00% Notes due 2026 do not place any restrictions on
our or our subsidiaries’ ability to: ● issue
                                            securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1)
                                            any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the 6.00%
                                            Notes due 2026, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore
                                            rank effectively senior in right of payment to the 6.00% Notes due 2026 to the extent of
                                            the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed
                                            by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior to the 6.00%
                                            Notes due 2026 and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our
                                            subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in those entities and therefore
                                            rank structurally senior to the 6.00% Notes due 2026 with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries,
                                            in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause
                                            a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the
                                            1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions, whether
                                            or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in
                                            each case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions
                                            generally prohibit us from making additional borrowings, including through the issuance of
                                            additional debt or the sale of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as
                                            defined in the 1940 Act, equals 200% (or 150% if certain requirements are met) after such
                                            borrowings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the period of time during which the 6.00%
                                            Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not seek the requisite approval under the 1940 Act
                                            of our Board of Directors or our shareholders to reduce our asset coverage below 200%. In
                                            addition, we have agreed under the indenture that, for the period of time during which the
                                            6.00% Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not incur any indebtedness, unless at the time
                                            of the incurrence of such indebtedness we have an asset coverage (as defined in the 1940
                                            Act) of at least 300% after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the
                                            application of the net proceeds therefrom; 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS ● pay
                                            dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or
                                            other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the 6.00% Notes due 2026, including
                                            subordinated indebtedness, except that we have agreed under the indenture that, for the period
                                            of time during which the 6.00% Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not violate Section
                                            18(a)(1)(B) as modified by (i) Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions
                                            thereto, whether or not we are subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act and after giving
                                            effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC and (ii) the following two exceptions:
                                            (A) we will be permitted to declare a cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition
                                            contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or any successor
                                            provisions, but only up to such amount as is necessary for us to maintain our status as a
                                            RIC under Subchapter M of the Code; and (B) this restriction will not be triggered unless
                                            and until such time as our asset coverage has not been in compliance with the minimum asset
                                            coverage required by Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or
                                            any successor provisions (after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the
                                            SEC) for more than six consecutive months. Currently, these provisions would generally prohibit
                                            us from declaring any cash dividend or distribution upon any class of our capital stock,
                                            or purchasing any such capital stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, were
                                            below 200% (or 150% if certain requirements are met) at the time of the declaration of the
                                            dividend or distribution or the purchase and after deducting the amount of such dividend,
                                            distribution or purchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the period of time during which
                                            the 6.00% Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not seek the requisite approval under the
                                            1940 Act of our Board of Directors or our shareholders to reduce our asset coverage below
                                            200%. In addition, we have agreed under the indenture that, for the period of time during
                                            which the 6.00% Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not purchase any shares of our outstanding
                                            capital stock, unless at the time of any such purchase we have an asset coverage (as defined
                                            in the 1940 Act) of at least 300% after deducting the amount of such purchase price; ● sell
                                            assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell
                                            all or substantially all of our assets); ● enter
                                            into transactions with affiliates; ● create
                                            liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback
                                            transactions, except that we have agreed under the indenture to not incur any secured or
                                            unsecured indebtedness that would be senior to the 6.00% Notes due 2026 while the 6.00% Notes
                                            due 2026 are outstanding, subject to certain exceptions; ● make
                                            investments; or ● create
                                            restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. In
addition, the indenture governing the 6.00% Notes due 2026 does not require us to make an offer to purchase the 6.00% Notes due 2026
in connection with a change of control or any other event. Furthermore,
the terms of the indenture and the 6.00% Notes due 2026 do not protect holders of the 6.00% Notes due 2026 in the event that we experience
changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, if any, as they
do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income,
cash flow, or liquidity. Our
ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt (including additional debt that matures prior to the maturity of the 6.00% Notes due 2026),
and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the 6.00% Notes due 2026 may have important consequences for
a holder of the 6.00% Notes due 2026, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 6.00%
Notes due 2026 or negatively affecting the trading value of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. Other
debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture and the 6.00% Notes due 2026,
including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could
affect the market for, trading levels, and prices of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. 42 TABLE OF CONTENTS An
active trading market for the 6.00% Notes due 2026 may not develop or be maintained, which could limit a holder’s ability to sell
the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and/or adversely impact the market price of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. The
6.00% Notes due 2026 are a new issue of debt securities for which there initially was no trading market. The 6.00% Notes due 2026 are
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “SSSSL”. We cannot provide any assurances that an active trading
market will develop or be maintained for the 6.00% Notes due 2026 or that a holder will be able to sell its 6.00% Notes due 2026. The
6.00% Notes due 2026 may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for
similar securities, our credit ratings, if any, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other
factors. The underwriters of the public offering of the 6.00% Notes due 2026 have advised us that they intend to make a market in the
6.00% Notes due 2026, but they are not obligated to do so. Such underwriters may discontinue any market-making in the 6.00% Notes due
2026 at any time at their sole discretion. Accordingly,
we can provide no assurance that a liquid trading market will develop or be maintained for the 6.00% Notes due 2026, that a holder will
be able to sell its 6.00% Notes due 2026 at a particular time or that the price a holder may receive when it sells its 6.00% Notes due
2026 will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop, the liquidity and trading price for the 6.00% Notes
due 2026 may be harmed. Accordingly, a holder may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the 6.00% Notes due 2026
for an indefinite period of time. If
we default on our obligations to pay other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the 6.00% Notes due 2026 or 6.50% Convertible
Notes due 2029. Any
default under any agreements governing any of our existing or future indebtedness that is not waived by the required lenders or holders
of such indebtedness, and the remedies sought by lenders or the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium,
if any, and interest on the 6.00% Notes due 2026 or 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 and substantially decrease the market value thereof.
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal,
premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, if any, or if we otherwise fail to comply with any covenants, including financial
and operating covenants, as applicable, in the instruments governing our indebtedness, if any, we could be in default under the terms
of the agreements governing such indebtedness, including the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and/or 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029. In the event
of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together
with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under any credit facility or other debt we may enter into or incur in the future could
elect to terminate their commitment, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could
be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Our
ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future is, to some extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative
and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We can provide no assurance that our business will generate
cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our payment
obligations under the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and/or 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, our other debt, and to fund other liquidity needs. If
our operating performance declines and we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may in the
future need to refinance or restructure our debt, including any 6.00% Notes due 2026 and/or 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 sold, sell
assets, reduce or delay capital investments, seek to raise additional capital or seek to obtain waivers from the lenders under any credit
facility or other debt we may enter into or incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we are unable to implement one or more
of these alternatives, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations under the 6.00% Notes due 2026, the 6.50% Convertible Notes
due 2029 and any other debt. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations could proceed against the collateral
securing the debt. Because any future credit facilities will likely have customary cross-default provisions, if we have a default under
the terms of the 6.00% Notes due 2026 or the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, the obligations under any future credit facility may be
accelerated and we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. We
may choose to redeem the 6.00% Notes due 2026 when prevailing interest rates are relatively low. We may choose to redeem the 6.00% Notes due 2026 from time to time, especially
if prevailing interest rates are lower than the rate borne by the 6.00% Notes due 2026. If prevailing rates are lower at the time of redemption,
and we redeem the 6.00% Notes due 2026, a holder likely would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 6.00% Notes due 2026 being redeemed. Our redemption right also may adversely
impact a holder’s ability to sell the 6.00% Notes due 2026 as the optional redemption date or period approaches. 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS A
downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned by a rating agency to us or our securities, if any, could cause the
liquidity or market value of the 6.00% Notes due 2026 to decline significantly. Our
credit ratings, if any, are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated
changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. These credit ratings may not reflect
the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. Credit ratings are paid for by the
issuer and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization
in its sole discretion. An
explanation of the significance of any ratings of us or our securities may be obtained from the applicable rating agency. Generally,
rating agencies base their ratings on such material and information, and their own investigations, studies and assumptions, as they deem
appropriate. Neither we nor any underwriter undertakes any obligation to maintain any such credit ratings or to advise holders of 6.00%
Notes due 2026 of any changes in credit ratings of us or our securities. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will remain
at their current levels for any given period of time or that such credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the rating
agency if in their judgment future circumstances relating to the basis of the credit ratings, such as adverse changes in our company,
so warrant. Pursuant
to the terms of the indenture governing the 6.00% Notes due 2026, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a credit rating
on the 6.00% Notes due 2026 by a “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” (as such term is defined in Section
3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act) during the period of time that the 6.00% Notes due 2026 are outstanding; provided that no minimum credit
rating is required. We offer no assurance that such rating, should it be maintained, will comport to any particular minimum level of
creditworthiness. Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Securities Investing
in our securities may involve an above average degree of risk. The
investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options
and a higher risk of volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative, and therefore,
an investment in our securities may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. Our
common stock price may be volatile and may decrease substantially. The
trading price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially. The price of our common stock that will prevail in the market after any
future offering may be higher or lower than the price you pay depending on many factors, some of which are beyond our control and may
not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: ● price
                                            and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; ● investor
                                            demand for our shares; ● significant
                                            volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of RICs, BDCs or other financial
                                            services companies; ● changes
                                            in regulatory policies or tax guidelines with respect to RICs or BDCs; ● failure
                                            to qualify as a RIC for a particular taxable year, or the loss of RIC status; ● actual
                                            or anticipated changes in our earnings or fluctuations in our operating results or changes
                                            in the expectations of securities analysts; ● general
                                            economic conditions and trends; ● fluctuations
                                            in the valuation of our portfolio investments; ● operating
                                            performance of companies comparable to us; ● market
                                            sentiment against technology-related companies; or ● departures
                                            of any of the senior members of our management team. In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. Due to the potential volatility of our stock price, we may therefore be the target of securities
litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources
from our business. 44 TABLE OF CONTENTS Shares
of our common stock have recently traded, and may in the future trade, at discounts from NAV or at premiums that may prove to be unsustainable. Shares
of BDCs like us may, during some periods, trade at prices higher than their NAV per share and, during other periods, as frequently occurs
with closed-end investment companies, trade at prices lower than their NAV per share. The perceived value of our investment portfolio
may be affected by a number of factors, including perceived prospects for individual companies we invest in, market conditions for common
stock generally, for IPOs and other exit events for venture capital-backed companies, and the mix of companies in our investment portfolio
over time. Negative or unforeseen developments affecting the perceived value of companies in our investment portfolio could result in
a decline in the trading price of our common stock relative to our NAV per share. The possibility
that our shares will trade at a discount from NAV or at premiums that are unsustainable are risks separate and distinct from the risk
that our NAV per share will decrease. The risk of purchasing shares of a BDC that might trade at a discount or unsustainable premium
is more pronounced for investors who wish to sell their shares in a relatively short period of time because, for those investors, realization
of a gain or loss on their investments is likely to be more dependent upon changes in premium or discount levels than upon increases
or decreases in NAV per share. As of March 10, 2026, the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
was $9.68 per share, which represented an approximately 19.7% premium to our NAV of $8.09 per share as of December 31, 2025. We
may not be able to pay distributions to our stockholders and our distributions may not grow over time, particularly since we invest primarily
in securities that do not produce current income, and a portion of distributions paid to our stockholders may be a return of capital,
which is a distribution of the stockholders’ invested capital. The
timing and amount of our distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be declared out of assets legally
available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results or maintain a tax treatment that will allow
or require any specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions
might be adversely affected by, among other things, the impact of one or more of the

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our net realized gains or losses on portfolio investments for the
year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, excluding short-term U.S. Treasury bills and fluctuations in escrow receivables estimates, are
reflected in the tables above, under “—Portfolio and Investment Activity.” For
the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 For
the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized a net realized loss on our investments of $5,020,314, compared to a net realized loss
of $11,947,504 for the year ended December 31, 2023. The components of our net realized losses on portfolio investments for the year
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, excluding short-term U.S. Treasury bills and fluctuations in escrow receivables estimates, are reflected
in the tables above, under “—Portfolio and Investment Activity.” Net
Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) of Investments For
the year ended December 31, 2025, we had a net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of $32,114,638. For the year ended December
31, 2024, we had a net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of $(18,968,978). For the year ended December 31, 2023, we had
a net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of $30,453,935. The following tables summarize, by portfolio company, the significant
changes in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of our investment portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. Portfolio
    Company Net
    Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 ARK Type One Deep Ventures Fund
    LLC $ 24,573,926 Whoop, Inc. 12,432,349 Blink Health, Inc. 5,909,124 Canva, Inc. 3,432,562 Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) 2,915,083 GrabAGun Digital Holdings
    Inc. (1) 2,105,488 CW Opportunity 2 LP (1) 1,675,809 Neutron Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a/ Lime) 1,421,472 Forge Global, Inc. (1) 1,028,588 PSQ Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a PublicSquare) (1,266,207 ) StormWind, LLC (1,411,457 ) Learneo, Inc. (f/k/a Course Hero, Inc.) (1,512,681 ) HL Digital Assets Inc. (2,281,059 ) Trax, Ltd. (2,730,323 ) ServiceTitan, Inc. (1) (4,019,480 ) Orchard Technologies, Inc. (4,173,983 ) FourKites, Inc. (6,033,980 ) Other (2) 49,407 Total $ 32,114,638 (1) The
                                            change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) reflected for these investments resulted
                                            from the full or partial exit of the investment, which resulted in the reversal of previously
                                            accrued unrealized appreciation/(depreciation), as applicable. (2) “Other”
                                            represents investments for which individual changes in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation)
                                            was less than $1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. 63 TABLE OF CONTENTS Portfolio
    Company Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Portfolio
    Company Net
                                            Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation)
                                            For the Year Ended December
                                            31, 2023 OneValley, Inc.
    (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) (1) $ 7,696,978 Ozy Media, Inc. (1) $ 10,945,024 SPBRX, INC. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability
    Partners, Inc.) (1) 6,779,031 PSQ Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a
    PublicSquare) (1) 7,925,790 Whoop, Inc. 5,310,570 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. (1) 5,875,694 FourKites, Inc. 4,790,749 Learneo, Inc. (f/k/a Course Hero, Inc.) 5,441,177 Blink Health, Inc. 3,399,685 Neutron Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a/ Lime) 3,991,353 Trax, Ltd. 2,730,323 Whoop, Inc. 3,528,846 CW Opportunity 2 LP 2,598,712 Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) 3,240,026 ServiceTitan, Inc. 2,066,739 StormWind, LLC 2,585,041 Canva, Inc. 1,941,180 ServiceTitan, Inc. 1,952,742 Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second
    Avenue) (1,020,825 ) Varo Money, Inc. 1,029,807 Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) (1,708,738 ) FourKites, Inc. (1,604,213 ) Forge Global, Inc. (1) (2,864,952 ) Trax, Ltd. (2,927,814 ) StormWind, LLC (3,267,047 ) CTN Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a Catona Climate, f/k/a
    Aspiration Partners, Inc.) (6,541,511 ) PSQ Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a
    PublicSquare) (1) (7,256,132 ) Orchard Technologies, Inc. (7,649,609 ) Learneo, Inc. (f/k/a Course Hero, Inc.) (39,100,522 ) Other (2) (1,064,729 ) Other (2) 2,661,582 Total $ (18,968,978 ) Total $ 30,453,935 (1) The
                                            change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) reflected for these investments resulted
                                            from the full or partial exit of the investment, which resulted in the reversal of previously
                                            accrued unrealized appreciation/(depreciation), as applicable. (2) “Other”
                                            represents investments for which individual changes in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation)
                                            was less than $1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Liquidity
and Capital Resources Our
liquidity and capital resources are generated primarily from the sales of our investments, recent private convertible debt issuances, and the net proceeds from public offerings
of our equity and debt securities, including pursuant to our continuous at-the-market offering of shares of our common stock as discussed
below under “Equity Issuances and Debt Capital Activities—At-the-Market Offering”. On December 17, 2021, we issued
$75.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes due 2026 (the “6.00% Notes due 2026”), of which $35.8 million
remain outstanding as of December 31, 2025. In addition, on August 14, 2024, we issued $25.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, and on October 9, 2024 and January 16, 2025, we issued $5.0 million and $5.0 million, respectively,
in aggregate principal amount of the Additional Notes (as defined below), all of which remain outstanding. For additional information,
see “Equity Issuances and Debt Capital Activities—6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029” below and “Note 10—Debt
Capital Activities” to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025. Our
primary uses of cash are to make investments, pay our operating expenses, and make distributions to our stockholders. For the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, our operating expenses, including interest payments on our debt obligations,
were $18,194,942, $18,624,714 and $20,036,389, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, $35.8 million in aggregate principal of our 6.00% Notes due 2026 remained outstanding, with
a maturity date of December 30, 2026. We intend to fund the repayment from existing cash balances and evaluating refinancing alternatives.
As of December 31, 2025, we held $49.0 million in cash, which we believe is sufficient to satisfy this obligation at maturity. 64 TABLE OF CONTENTS Cash Reserves
    and Liquid Securities December
    31, 2025 December
    31, 2024 December
    31, 2023 Cash $ 49,034,154 $ 20,035,640 $ 28,178,352 Cash Equivalents: U.S. Treasury
    bills (1) — — 63,810,855 Restricted cash (1) 38,741 — Securities of publicly traded portfolio companies: Unrestricted securities (2) 1,078,863 3,563,407 6,970,612 Subject
    to other sales restrictions (3) 3,130,400 14,027,713 8,542,386 Securities of publicly
    traded portfolio companies 4,209,263 17,591,120 15,512,998 Total
    Cash Reserves and Liquid Securities $ 53,282,158 $ 37,626,760 $ 107,502,205 (1) Restricted
                                            Cash consists of amounts that are held in a separate account and are subject to specific
                                            contractual restrictions that limit their availability for general corporate use. (2) “Unrestricted
                                            securities” represents common stock and warrants of our publicly traded portfolio companies
                                            that are not currently subject to any restrictions upon sale. We may incur losses. (3) Securities
                                            of publicly traded portfolio companies “subject to other sales restrictions”
                                            represents common stock of our publicly traded portfolio companies that are currently subject
                                            to certain lock-up restrictions. During
the year ended December 31, 2025, cash increased to $49,072,895 from $20,035,640 at the beginning of the year. The increase in cash
was primarily due to the sale of publicly traded portfolio companies, distributions received,proceeds from the sale of our common
stock, and additional debt issuances. The increase was offset by investments made, payment of our operating expenses and interest
expense on the 6.00% Notes due 2026 and 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029. Currently,
we believe we have ample liquidity to support our near-term capital requirements. Consistent with past and current practices, we will
continue to evaluate our overall liquidity position and take proactive steps to maintain the appropriate liquidity position based upon
the current circumstances. Contractual
Obligations A
summary of our significant contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2025 is as follows: Payments
    Due By Period (in millions) Total Less
                                            than 1
                                            year 1–3
    years 3–5
    years More
                                            than 5
                                            years 6.00% Notes due
    2026 (1) $ 35.8 $ 35.8 $ — $ — $ — 6.50% Convertible Notes due
    2029 (2) 35.0 — — 35.0 — Operating lease liability 0.4 0.1 0.2 — — Total $ 71.2 $ 36.0 $ 0.2 $ 35.0 $ — (1) Reflects the principal balance
  payable for the 6.00% Notes due 2026 as of December 31, 2025. Refer to “Note 10—Debt Capital Activities” in our Consolidated
  Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for more information. (2) Reflects the principal balance
  payable for the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 as of December 31, 2025. Refer to “Note 10—Debt Capital Activities”
  in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for more information. Share
Repurchase Program During
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock under the discretionary open-market Share
Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2025, the dollar value of shares that remained available to be purchased under the Share Repurchase
Program is approximately $25.0 million. Currently, the Share Repurchase Program is authorized until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2026
or (ii) the repurchase of $64.3 million in aggregate amount of our common stock. 65 TABLE OF CONTENTS Under
the Share Repurchase Program, we may repurchase our outstanding common stock in the open market, provided that we comply with the prohibitions
under our insider trading policies and procedures and the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the rules promulgated thereunder. For more information on the Share Repurchase Program,
see “Note 5—Common Stock” to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements, including any risk management of commodity pricing
or other hedging practices. However, we may employ hedging and other risk management techniques in the future. Equity
Issuances and Debt Capital Activities At-the-Market
Offering On
July 29, 2020, we established an “at-the-market” offering (the “ATM Program”) pursuant to an At-the-Market Sales
Agreement dated July 29, 2020 (as amended on September 23, 2020 and November 8, 2024, the “Sales Agreement”) with BTIG LLC,
Citizens JMP Securities, LLC (f/k/a JMP Securities LLC), Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. and Barrington Research Associates, Inc. (collectively,
the “Agents”). Under the Sales Agreement, we may, but have no obligation to, issue and sell up to $150.0 million in aggregate
amount of shares of our common stock (the “Shares”) from time to time through the Agents or to them as principal for their
own account. We intend to use the net proceeds from the ATM Program to make investments in portfolio companies in accordance with our
investment objective and strategy and for general corporate purposes. During
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company sold 1,237,579 Shares under the ATM Program. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the
Company did not issue or sell Shares under the ATM Program. As of December 31, 2025, up to approximately $87.9 million in aggregate amount
of the Shares remain available for sale under the ATM Program. Refer
to “Note 5—Common Stock” to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for more information regarding
the ATM Program. 6.00%
Notes due 2026 - Note Repurchase Program On
December 17, 2021, we issued $70.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.00% Notes due 2026, which bear interest at a fixed rate of
6.00% per year, payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30, and December 30 of each year, commencing on March 30,
2022. On December 21, 2021, we issued an additional $5.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.00% Notes due 2026. We received approximately
$73.0 million in proceeds from the offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. The 6.00% Notes
due 2026 have a maturity date of December 30, 2026, unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. We have
the right to redeem the 6.00% Notes due 2026, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, on or after December 30, 2024 at
a redemption price of 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest. On
August 6, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a discretionary note repurchase program (the “Note Repurchase Program”) which
allows us to repurchase up to $35.0 million of our 6.00% Notes due 2026 through open market purchases, including block purchases, in
such manner as will comply with the provisions of the 1940 Act and the Exchange Act. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
repurchased and retired $30.3 million of aggregate principal amount of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. On October 29, 2025, our Board of Directors
approved an extension of the discretionary note repurchase program (the “Note Repurchase Program”), which allows us to repurchase
up to an additional $40.0 million or the remaining aggregate principal amount, of our 6.00% Notes due 2026 through open market purchases,
including block purchases, in such manner as will comply with the provisions of the 1940 Act and the Exchange Act. During the year ended
December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and retired $8.8 million of aggregate principal amount of the 6.00% Notes due 2026. As of
December 31, 2025, the aggregate principal dollar amount of 6.00% Notes due 2026 that remained available to be purchased under the Note
Repurchase Program was approximately $35.8 million. 66 TABLE OF CONTENTS Refer
to “Note 10—Debt Capital Activities” to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for more information
regarding the 6.00% Notes due 2026. 6.50%
Convertible Notes due 2029 On
August 14, 2024, we issued $25.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 to a private purchaser (the
“Purchaser”), which bear interest at a rate of 6.50% per year, payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September
30, and December 30 of each year, commencing on September 30, 2024. We received $24.3 million in proceeds from the issuance, net of underwriting
discounts and commissions. Under the purchase agreement governing the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, as Amended and Restated on December 12, 2025 (the “Notes Purchase Agreement”),
upon mutual agreement between the Company and the Purchaser, we may issue additional 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 for sale in subsequent
offerings to the Purchaser (the “Additional Notes”), or issue additional notes with modified pricing terms (the “New
Notes”), in the aggregate for both the Additional Notes and the New Notes, up to a maximum of $50.0 million in one or more private
offerings. Pursuant to the Notes Purchase Agreement, on October 9, 2024, we issued $5.0 million of Additional Notes to the Purchaser,
and on January 16, 2025, we issued an additional $5.0 million of Additional Notes to the Purchaser, which Additional Notes are treated
as a single series with the initial issuance of the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029. The 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 mature on
August 14, 2029, unless previously repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms. We do not have the right to redeem
the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 prior to August 6, 2027. The
6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 are convertible into shares of our common stock at the Purchaser’s sole discretion at an initial
conversion rate of 129.0323 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029, subject to adjustment
as provided in the Notes Purchase Agreement. Effective as of July 21, 2025, the conversion rate applicable to the 6.50% Convertible Notes
due 2029 was adjusted to $7.53 per share (132.7530 shares of the Company’s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 6.50%
Convertible Notes due 2029) from the initial conversion price of $7.75 per share (129.0323 shares of the Company’s common stock
per $1,000 principal amount of the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029), which had been effective since issuance. The adjustment to the
conversion rate of the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 was made pursuant to the Notes Purchase Agreement governing the 6.50% Convertible
Notes due 2029 as a result of the Company’s cash dividend of $0.25 per share, paid on July 31, 2025 to stockholders of record as
of the close of business on July 21, 2025. Effective as of November 21, 2025, the conversion rate applicable to the 6.50% Convertible
Notes due 2029 was adjusted to $7.32 per share (136.5633 shares of the Company’s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the
6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029) from the most recent conversion price of $7.53 per share (132.7530 shares of the Company’s common
stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029), which had been effective since July 21, 2025. The adjustment
to the conversion rate of the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029 was made pursuant to the Notes Purchase Agreement governing the 6.50% Convertible
Notes due 2029 as a result of the Company’s cash dividend of $0.25 per share, paid on December 5, 2025 to stockholders of record
as of the close of business on November 21, 2025. Refer
to “Part II. Item 7—Recent Developments” and “Note 10—Debt Capital Activities” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for more information regarding the 6.50% Convertible Notes due 2029. Distributions The
timing and amount of our distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be declared out of assets legally
available for distribution. See “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities” in Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K for a list of our past distributions, including dividends and returns
of capital, if any, that we have declared since our formation through December 31, 2025. Critical
Accounting Estimates and Policies Critical
accounting policies and practices are the policies that are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results,
and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about
the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. These include estimates of the fair value of our Level 3 investments and other
estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the
reported amounts of certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. It is likely that changes in these estimates will occur
in the near term. Our estimates are inherently subjective in nature and actual results could differ materially from such estimates. See
“Note 2—Significant Accounting Policies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for further
detail regarding our critical accounting policies and recently issued or adopted accounting pronouncements. Investment
Portfolio Valuation The
most significant determination inherent in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements is the valuation of our investment
portfolio. We consider this determination to be a critical accounting estimate, given the significant judgments and subjective measurements
required. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, our investment portfolio valued at fair value represented 109.84% and 132.88% of our net
assets, respectively. We
are required to report our investments at fair value. We follow the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification (“ASC”) 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”). ASC 820 defines fair
value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the quality of inputs used to measure
fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires us to assume that the portfolio investment
is to be sold in the principal market to independent market participants, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are
defined as buyers and sellers in the principal market that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. See “Note
2 – Significant Accounting Policies – Investments at Fair Value” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more
information. Due
to the inherent uncertainty in the valuation process, the determination of fair value for our investment portfolio may differ materially
from the values that would have been determined had a ready market for the securities existed. In addition, changes in the market environment,
portfolio company performance and other events that may occur over the lives of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately
realized on these investments to be materially different than the valuations currently assigned. We determine the fair value of each
individual investment and record changes in fair value as unrealized appreciation or depreciation. In
2022, the SEC adopted Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, which establishes a framework for determining fair value in good faith for purposes
of the 1940 Act. As adopted, Rule 2a-5 permits boards of directors to designate certain parties to perform fair value determinations,
subject to board oversight and certain other conditions. The SEC also adopted Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act (“Rule 31a-4”),
which provides the recordkeeping requirements associated with fair value determinations. While our Board of Directors has not elected
to designate a valuation designee, we adopted certain revisions to our valuation policies and procedures to comply with the applicable
requirements of Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4. 67 TABLE OF CONTENTS While
the Board of Directors is ultimately and solely responsible for determining the fair value of our investments, we have engaged independent
valuation firms to provide us with valuation assistance with respect to our investments. Our Board of Directors consulted with an independent
third-party valuation firm in arriving at its determination of fair value for 100% of our portfolio investments as of December 31, 2025
and 2024. Revenue
Recognition We
recognize gains or losses on the sale of investments using the specific identification method. We recognize interest income, adjusted
for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual basis. We recognize dividend income on the ex-dividend date. Investment
Transaction Costs and Escrow Deposit Commissions
and other costs associated with an investment transaction, including legal expenses not reimbursed by the portfolio company, are included
in the cost basis of purchases and deducted from the proceeds of sales. We make certain acquisitions on secondary markets, which may
involve making deposits to escrow accounts until certain conditions are met, including the underlying private company’s right of
first refusal. If the underlying private company does not exercise or assign its right of first refusal and all other conditions are
met, then the funds in the escrow account are delivered to the seller and the account is closed. Such transactions would be reflected
on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as escrow deposits. As of December 31, 2025 and  2024, we had no
escrow deposits. Related-Party
Transactions See
“Note 3—Related-Party Arrangements” to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for more information. Recent
Developments Portfolio
Activity Please
refer to “Note 12—Subsequent Events” to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2025 for details regarding
activity in our investment portfolio from January 1, 2026 through March 10, 2026. We
are frequently in negotiations with various private companies with respect to investments in such companies. Investments in private companies
are generally subject to satisfaction of applicable closing conditions. In the case of secondary market transactions, such closing conditions
may include approval of the issuer, waiver or failure to exercise rights of first refusal by the issuer and/or its stockholders and termination
rights by the seller or us. Equity investments made through the secondary market may involve making deposits in escrow accounts until
the applicable closing conditions are satisfied, at which time the escrow accounts will close and such equity investments will be effectuated. Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Market
Risk Our
equity investments are primarily in growth companies that in many cases have short operating histories and are generally illiquid. In
addition to the risk that these companies may fail to achieve their objectives, the price we may receive for these companies in private
transactions may be significantly impacted by periods of disruption and instability in the capital markets. While these periods of disruption
generally have little actual impact on the operating results of our equity investments, these events may significantly impact the prices
that market participants will pay for our equity investments in private transactions. This may have a significant impact on the valuation
of our equity investments. Valuation
Risk Our
investments may not have a readily available market quotation, as such term is defined in Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and we value
these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors in accordance with our valuation policy. There
is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied
to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the
types of investments we make. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily
available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of
valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investments
existed, and it is possible that the difference could be material. In addition, if we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment
in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material.
Refer to “Note 4—Investments at Fair Value”. Interest
Rate Risk We
are subject to financial market risks, which could include, to the extent we utilize leverage with variable rate structures, changes
in interest rates. As we invest primarily in equity rather than debt instruments, we would not expect fluctuations in interest rates
to directly impact the return on our portfolio investments, although any significant change in market interest rates could potentially
have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the portfolio companies in which we invest.
As of December 31, 2025, all of our debt investments and outstanding borrowings bore fixed rates of interest. See “

