TICKER: SST
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, to prevent or mitigate data security breaches or improper access to, or use, acquisition, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of, such data could have similar adverse consequences for us. Although we are not aware of any material information security incidents to date, we have detected common types of attempts to attack our information systems and data using means that have included viruses and phishing. Data security breaches could also expose us to liability under various laws and regulations across jurisdictions and increase the risk of litigation and governmental or regulatory investigation. Due to concerns about data security and integrity, a growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted breach notification and other requirements in the event that information subject to such laws is accessed by unauthorized persons and additional regulations regarding security of such data are possible. We may need to notify governmental authorities and affected individuals with respect to such incidents. For example, laws in all 50 U.S. states may require businesses to provide notice to individuals whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data security breach. Complying with such numerous and complex regulations in the event of a data security breach would be expensive and difficult, and failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to regulatory scrutiny and additional liability. We may also be contractually required to notify customers or other counterparties of a security incident, including a data security breach. Regardless of our contractual protections, any actual or perceived data security breach, or breach of our contractual obligations, could harm our reputation and brand, expose us to potential liability or require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to any such actual or perceived breach. As we expand our operations, we may also assume liabilities for data security breaches experienced by the companies we acquire. There are numerous federal, state and local laws in the United States and around the world regarding privacy and the collection, processing, storing, sharing, disclosing, using, cross-border transfer and protecting of personal information and other data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and which may be costly to comply with, may result in regulatory fines or penalties, and may be inconsistent between countries and jurisdictions or conflict with other current or pending rules. We are subject to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties. Although we endeavor to ensure that our public statements are complete, accurate and fully implemented, we may fail to do 14 so, or it may be alleged that we have failed to do so. We may be subject to potential regulatory or other legal action if such policies or statements are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in new ways or in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices or that new regulations could be enacted. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to consumers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which could include personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could cause consumers and advertisers to lose trust in us, all of which could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, new and changed rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cross-border transfers of consumer information could cause us to delay planned uses and disclosures of data to comply with applicable privacy and data protection requirements. Moreover, if third parties that we work with violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations also may put consumer or advertiser information at risk and could in turn harm our reputation, business and operating results. We rely on our Marketing and Network Partners for a significant portion of our consumer Internet traffic. Consumer Internet traffic acquired and/or referred through acquisition marketing channels and Network Partners also provide a significant amount of the first party data that improves the predictive power of our platform, which we leverage to deliver relevant users to our advertisers. If we are unable to maintain these relationships with these acquisition marketing channels, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Efforts designed to drive visitors to our various brands and businesses or those of our advertisers may not be successful or cost-effective. Traffic building and conversion initiatives involve considerable expenditures for online advertising and marketing. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures for search engine marketing (primarily in the form of developing and maintaining a database of keywords and search terms, for which we purchase advertising primarily through Google and, to a lesser extent, Microsoft and Yahoo!), social media channels, online display advertising and native advertising in connection with these initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. To continue to reach consumers and users, we will need to identify and devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to digital advertising channels (such as online video and other digital platforms), as well as reach consumers and users via these channels. Since these channels are constantly changing and evolving, it could be difficult to assess returns on related digital marketing investments. Historically, we have had to increase advertising and marketing expenditures over time in order to attract and convert consumers, retain users and sustain our growth. The display, including rankings, of search results can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and may change frequently, and we may not know how (or otherwise be in a position) to influence actions taken by search engines. With respect to search results in particular, even when search engines announce the details of their methodologies, their parameters may change from time to time, be poorly defined or be inconsistently interpreted. Our marketing efforts may not be successful. We currently rely on performance marketing channels that must deliver against certain return on investment with respect to metrics that are selected by our advertisers and are subject to change at any time. We are unable to control how our advertisers evaluate our performance. Certain of these metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. In addition, the metrics we provide may differ from estimates published by third parties or from similar metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. If our advertisers do not perceive our metrics to be 15 accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, it could adversely affect our online marketing efforts and business. We have entered into, and may in the future enter into, credit facilities which contain operating and financial covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. We have entered into, and may in the future enter into, credit facilities which contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our credit facilities contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. Subject to limited exceptions, these covenants limit our ability to, among other things: •    sell assets or make changes to the nature of our business; •    engage in mergers or acquisitions; •    incur, assume or permit additional indebtedness; •    make restricted payments, including paying dividends on, repurchasing, redeeming or making distributions with respect to our capital stock; •    make specified investments; •    engage in transactions with our affiliates; and •    make payments in respect of subordinated debt. Our obligations under our credit facilities are collateralized by a pledge of S1 Holdco and its subsidiaries remain obligors and guarantors under our Term Loan and Revolving Facility, including accounts receivable, deposit accounts, intellectual property, and investment property and equipment, and System1 Holdings and S1 Media are not parties thereto. The covenants in our credit facilities may limit our ability to take actions and, in the event that we breach one or more covenants (including the timely delivery of financial statements), our lenders may choose to declare an event of default and require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding, terminate the commitment to extend further credit and foreclose on the collateral granted to them to collateralize such indebtedness, which includes our intellectual property. In addition, if we fail to meet the required covenants, we will not have access to further draw-downs under our credit facilities. We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs, which may in turn impair our growth. We intend to continue to grow our business, which will require additional capital to develop new features or enhance our platforms and portfolio of websites, create new software products, improve our operating infrastructure, finance working capital requirements, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. We cannot be certain that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our existing credit facility in an amount sufficient to fund our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may need to undertake or seek out additional equity or debt financings to secure additional capital. We cannot be certain that we would be able to locate additional financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. If our cash flows and credit facility borrowings are insufficient to fund our working capital requirements, we may not be able to grow at the rate we currently expect or at all. In addition, in the absence of sufficient cash flows from operations, we might be unable to meet our obligations under our credit facility, and we may therefore be at risk of default thereunder. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. If we are unable to secure additional funding on favorable terms, or at all, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow our business to react to market conditions could be impaired and our business may be harmed. 16 We have a significant amount of debt maturing in the near term that may not be refinanced or repaid, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. We have $255.1 million of outstanding indebtedness under our Term Loan that is scheduled to mature in July 2027. This maturity means that these long-term obligations will be reclassified as current liabilities on our balance sheet during fiscal 2026, which will significantly increase our short-term obligations. Our ability to repay or refinance this debt when it becomes due will depend on our financial performance and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations. This, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic, financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to refinance these obligations on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to successfully repay or refinance our maturing debt: • We may be forced to seek alternative financing, sell assets, or pursue a debt restructuring on unfavorable terms. • A default on our obligations could be triggered, which could, in turn, result in an acceleration of other outstanding debt. There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have incurred recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operations as we continue to invest in the development and enhancement of our advertising technology platform, expand our sales and marketing efforts, and operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving digital advertising ecosystem. As a result, our liquidity position is limited, and we must carefully manage our capital resources to fund our operations and meet our obligations as they become due. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to increase advertiser demand on our platform, retain and expand relationships with publishers and advertisers, improve gross margins, and effectively control operating expenses. The digital advertising market is subject to significant volatility, including fluctuations in advertiser spending, increased competition from larger and better-capitalized competitors, changes in data privacy laws and platform policies, and broader macroeconomic uncertainty, any of which could materially and adversely affect our revenue and cash flows. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents may not be sufficient to fund our operations and capital requirements beyond the near term, and we may need to obtain additional financing or pursue strategic alternatives to support our operations. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available when needed, on acceptable terms, or at all. Market conditions, our financial performance, and other factors may limit our ability to access the capital markets or obtain financing from third parties. If we are unable to improve our operating results, generate positive cash flows, or secure additional sources of liquidity, we may be required to take actions that could materially harm our business, including reducing headcount, limiting sales and marketing activities, renegotiating or defaulting on contractual obligations, selling assets, or pursuing restructuring or insolvency-related proceedings. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the value of our securities. The transfer of assets in connection with our business restructuring is subject to legal challenge by certain creditors, including claims of fraudulent transfer or conveyance, which could result in significant liabilities. On August 1, 2024, we undertook a corporate reorganization, the result of which was that all of the assets and business operations of the Company are now held by System1 Holdings, LLC ("System1 Holdings"), a newly formed intermediate holding company of which we maintain the controlling interest and in which the non-controlling interest is owned by the holders of our Class C common stock. Following the corporate reorganization, 17 (a) System1 Holdings now owns 100% of S1 Holdco, LLC ("S1 Holdco"), the previous intermediate holding company with the non-controlling interests, and 100% of S1 Media, LLC ("S1 Media"), another new subsidiary formed in connection with the corporate reorganization, (b) S1 Media holds the assets and business operations associated with our Products businesses, which include CouponFollow, Startpage and MapQuest and (c) S1 Holdco holds our assets related to our Marketing businesses. System1 Holdings holds our remaining assets and business operations. S1 Holdco and its subsidiaries remain obligors and guarantors under our Term Loan and Revolving Facility, and System1 Holdings and S1 Media are not parties thereto. While this was done to streamline operations, certain non-participating or dissenting debt holders may challenge these asset transfers. Creditors may allege that the transfers were intentional and constructional fraudulent conveyances and voidable transactions because they were made for less than "reasonably equivalent value" while we were in financial distress or that the transfer was intended to delay, hinder, or defraud creditors. If a court were to find these transfers to be fraudulent or voidable, we could be required to unwind the transaction and pay substantial damages. Defending against these types of claims could be expensive, distract management, and divert significant company resources. A successful legal challenge could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and a negative impact on our reputation and ability to secure financing in the future. We cannot predict with certainty whether such litigation will occur or what the outcome might be. In September 2025, certain lenders under our Credit Agreement (as defined below), filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York alleging (i) breach of contract against certain named subsidiaries of the Company that are parties to the Credit Agreement related to the corporate reorganization transactions undertaken by us in August 2024 to better align its corporate entity structure with its reportable business segments (the "Corporate Reorg Transactions"), (ii) both intentional fraudulent transfer and constructive fraudulent transfer against certain named subsidiaries of the Company, including certain subsidiaries that are parties to the Credit Agreement, related to certain steps that such defendants undertook in connection with certain transactions undertaken by the Company related to the sale of its Total Security business in November 2023 and (iii) both intentional fraudulent transfer and constructive fraudulent transfer against certain named subsidiaries of the Company, including certain subsidiaries that are parties to the Credit Agreement, related to certain steps that such defendants undertook in connection with the Corporate Reorg Transactions. For more information on this matter, See Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies" in our consolidated financial statements included in this report. Operational and performance issues with our platform, whether real or perceived, including a failure to respond to technological changes or to upgrade our technology systems, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We depend upon the sustained and uninterrupted performance of our platform to manage our inventory supply; bid on inventory for each campaign; collect, process and interpret first party data; and optimize campaign performance in real time and provide billing information to our financial systems. If our marketing platform cannot scale to meet demand, if there are errors in our execution of any of these functions on our platform, or if we experience outages, then our business may be harmed. We may also face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements. If competitors introduce new products and services using new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing proprietary technology and systems may become obsolete. • Our platform is complex and multifaceted, and operational and performance issues could arise both from the platform itself and from outside factors. Errors, failures, vulnerabilities or bugs have been found in the past, and may in the future, be found. Our platform also relies on third-party technology and systems to perform properly, and our platform is often used in connection with computing environments utilizing different operating systems, system management software, equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors in, or failures of, our platform or such other computing environments. Operational and performance issues with our platform could include the failure of our user interface, outages, errors 18 during upgrades or patches, discrepancies in costs billed versus costs paid, unanticipated volume overwhelming our databases, server failure, or catastrophic events affecting one or more server farms. While we have built redundancies in our systems, full redundancies do not exist. Some failures could shut our platform down completely, others only partially. Partial failures, which we have experienced in the past, could result in unauthorized bidding, cessation of our ability to bid or deliver impressions or deletion of our reporting, in each case resulting in unanticipated financial obligations or impact. Operational and performance issues with our platform could also result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and reputation, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our platform, increased costs or loss of revenue, loss of the ability to access our platform, loss of competitive position or claims by clients for losses sustained by them. Alleviating problems resulting from such issues could require significant expenditures of capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays or the cessation of our business, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We allow our clients to utilize application programming interfaces, or APIs, with MapQuest and for reporting or distribution of services for our other businesses, which could result in outages or security breaches and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. The use of APIs by our clients has significantly increased in recent years. Our APIs allow clients to build their consumer finding location services or access features or reporting for some of our other businesses. The increased use of APIs increases security and operational risks to our systems, including the risk for intrusion attacks, data theft, or denial of service attacks. Furthermore, while APIs allow clients greater ease and power in accessing our platform, they also increase the risk of overusing our systems, potentially causing outages. We have experienced system slowdowns due to client overuse of our systems through our APIs. While we have taken measures intended to decrease security and outage risks associated with the use of APIs, we cannot guarantee that such measures will be successful. Our failure to prevent outages or security breaches resulting from API use could result in government enforcement actions against us, claims for damages by consumers and other affected individuals, costs associated with investigation and remediation damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. We operate in a highly competitive environment. If we fail to innovate and make the right investment decisions in our offerings and platform, we may not attract and retain advertisers, and our competitors may gain market share in the markets for our solutions that could adversely affect our business and cause our revenue and results of operations to decline. We operate in intensely competitive markets that experience frequent technological developments, changes in industry and regulatory standards, changes in customer requirements and preferences, and frequent new product introductions and improvements by our competitors. Our future success also depends on our ability to effectively respond to evolving threats to consumers, as well as competitive technological developments and industry changes, by developing or introducing new and enhanced solutions on a timely basis. We must constantly innovate and make investment decisions regarding offerings and technology to meet client demand and evolving industry standards. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these continually evolving conditions, or if we make bad decisions regarding investments, we could lose market share and experience a decline in our revenue that could adversely affect our business and operating results. Additionally, if new or existing competitors have more attractive offerings, we may lose customers or customers may decrease their use of our platform and other software products and services that we provide. To compete successfully, we must maintain an innovative research and development effort to develop new solutions and enhance our existing solutions, effectively adapt to changes in the technology or product rights held by our competitors, appropriately respond to competitive strategies, and effectively adapt to technological changes and changes in the ways that our information is accessed, used, and stored by our customers. We have in the past incurred, and will continue to incur, research and development expenses as we focus on organic growth through internal innovation. We believe that we also must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to decrease our reliance on third parties. If we do not achieve the benefits 19 anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. Additionally, we must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments. Customers may require features and capabilities that our current solutions do not have. Our failure to develop new solutions and improve our existing solutions to satisfy customer preferences and effectively compete with other market offerings in a timely and cost-effective manner may harm our ability to retain our customers and attract new customers. A loss of customers would adversely impact our business and operating results. The diversity of our websites means that we are competitive in many different verticals. As a result, we face a diversity of competitors that directly compete with our offerings, including but not limited to search engine providers, providers of programmatic advertising, content generators and privacy and security software providers. Because we compete in so many different verticals, if any of our competitors gain market share in some markets, it would make it more difficult for us to sell our advertising and could result in increased pricing pressure, increase sales and marketing expenses and loss of market share, which would cause our revenue to decline. We compete for advertising spend from our advertisers, and if we are unable to maintain or increase our share of the advertising spend of our advertisers, our business could be harmed. We compete for advertising spend with traditional offline media such as television, billboards, radio, magazines and newspapers, as well as online sources such as websites, social media and websites dedicated to providing information comparable to that provided in our websites. Additionally, we compete with other online marketing companies that offer acquisition marketing services similar to that provided by our platform. Our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and to generate advertising revenue from them, depends on a number of factors, including: •    the ability of our advertisers to earn an attractive return on investment from their spending with us; •    our ability to increase the number of consumers using our websites; •    our ability to increase return on investment for advertisers that place advertisements on our platform; •    our ability to provide a seamless, user-friendly advertising platform for our advertisers; •    our ability to compete effectively with other media for advertising spending; and •    our ability to keep pace with changes in technology and the practices and offerings of our competitors. We may not succeed in retaining or capturing a greater share of our advertisers’ advertising spending compared to alternative channels. If our current advertisers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to increase the spending of our other advertisers or attract new advertisers, our revenue and business and financial results would be materially adversely affected. In addition, advertising spend remains concentrated in traditional offline media channels. Some of our current or potential advertisers have little or no experience using the Internet for advertising and marketing purposes and have allocated only limited portions of their advertising and marketing budgets to the Internet. The adoption of online marketing may require a cultural shift among advertisers, as well as their acceptance of a new way of conducting business, exchanging information and evaluating new advertising and marketing technologies and services. This shift may not happen at all or at the rate we expect, in which case our business could suffer. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that the market for online marketing services will continue to grow. If the market for online marketing services fails to continue to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, the success of our business may be limited, and our revenue may decrease. Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly, which could prevent us from meeting our own expectations or security analysts or investor expectations. 20 Our revenue and results of operations could vary significantly from period to period and may fail to match expectations as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control, including seasonality, fluctuations in digital advertising demand and costs and the number, severity, and timing of threat outbreaks and cyber security incidents. As a result of the potential variations in our revenue and results of operations, period-to-period comparisons may not be meaningful and the results of any one period should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. In addition, our results of operations may not meet our expectations or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of our outstanding securities and may make it more difficult for us to raise capital in the future or pursue acquisitions. As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to sustain profitability. We have expended significant resources to grow our business in recent years by investing in the scope and breadth of our platform and service offerings, spending to acquire or develop software products and websites, growing our number of employees and expanding internationally. We anticipate continued growth would require substantial financial and other resources to, among other things: •    develop our existing websites, invest in our technology platform and our other software products, including by investing in our engineering team, creating, acquiring or licensing new products or features, and improving the availability and security of our platform and product offerings; •    create new products and services to meet consumer and partner demands; •    continue to expand internationally by and spend through our platform by adding inventory and data from countries our clients are seeking; •    improve our technology infrastructure, including investing in internal technology development and acquiring or licensing outside technologies; •    cover general and administrative expenses, including legal, accounting, tax and other third party expenses necessary to support a larger organization; •    cover sales and marketing expenses, including a significant expansion of our direct sales organization; •    cover expenses related to data collection and consumer privacy compliance, including additional infrastructure, automation and personnel; and •    explore strategic acquisitions. Investing in the foregoing, however, may not yield anticipated returns. Consequently, as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to maintain or increase our historical profitability levels. Our advertising business is dependent on advertisers buying mobile, display and video advertising. A decrease in the use of these advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Our advertising business is dependent on advertisers buying mobile, display and video advertising. A decrease in the use of these advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Historically, our clients have predominantly used our advertising platform to purchase mobile, display and video advertising inventory. We expect that these will continue to be significant channels used by our clients for digital advertising. Should our clients lose confidence in the value or effectiveness of mobile, display and video advertising, the demand for our services could decline. We have been, and are continuing to, enhance our social, native, audio and CTV offerings. We refer to the ability to provide offerings across multiple advertising channels as omnichannel. We may not be able to maintain or grow advertising inventory for some of our omnichannels and some of our omnichannel offerings may not gain market acceptance. A decrease in the use of mobile, display and video advertising, or our inability to further penetrate these and other advertising channels, would harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 21 Our business and prospects would be harmed if changes to the technologies used across our websites or other products and services or new versions or upgrades of operating systems and Internet browsers adversely impact users. The user interfaces implemented across our websites and advertising offerings are currently simple and straightforward. In the future, operating system providers, such as Microsoft or Apple, or any other provider of Internet browsers, could introduce new features that would make it difficult to use our websites or interact with our advertising offerings. In addition, Internet browsers for desktop or mobile devices could introduce new features, or change existing browser specifications such that they would be incompatible with our websites or other products and services, or prevent users from accessing our websites. Any changes to technologies, including within operating systems or Internet browsers that make it difficult for users to access our websites or other products and services, may materially adversely impact our business and prospects. Our business depends on our customers’ continued and unimpeded access to the Internet and the development and maintenance of the global Internet infrastructure. Internet service providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to certain of our products, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of customers. Our products and services depend on the ability of users to access the Internet. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and Internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies and government-owned service providers any of whom could take actions that degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access to our products, which would, in turn, negatively impact our business. In addition, third parties, including operating systems and Internet browser companies, may take steps to further limit the interoperability of our solutions with their own products and services, in some cases to promote their own offerings. This could delay the development of our solutions or our solutions may be unable to operate effectively. This could also result in decreased demand for our solutions, decreased revenue, and harm to our reputation, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Furthermore, the adoption of laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet and mobile networks, including laws impacting Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products or offerings, increase our operating costs, require us to alter the manner in which we conduct our business and/or otherwise adversely affect our business. Unfavorable global economic conditions, including as a result of political or social conflict or unrest or health and safety concerns related to a public health crisis, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including conditions that are outside of our control, such as the impact of ongoing health and safety concerns from a public health crisis. For example, the recent global financial crisis caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets, and, in recent months, the global economy has been impacted by increasing interest rates and inflation. Likewise, the capital and credit markets may be adversely affected by fears of war, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, and the conflict in the Middle East involving Israel and Hamas and the possibility of a wider European or global conflict, and global sanctions imposed in response thereto. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including diminished liquidity, weakened demand for our software products, our platform and related products and services or delays in advertiser payments. A weak or declining economy could also strain our media supply channels and reduce the demand for or rates paid for advertising by brands and marketers. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which the current global economic crisis and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 22 If material weaknesses are identified, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, prevent or detect material misstatements due to fraud or error, or file our periodic reports as a public company in a timely manner. Effective internal controls are necessary for companies to provide reliable and accurate financial reporting and financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A failure to maintain effective internal control processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. In the past, we have determined that there were certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which have since been remediated. If the additional controls and procedures that we have implemented to remediate the material weaknesses prove to be insufficient or if we identify other control deficiencies that individually or together constitute significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, Our ability to record, process, and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected. Litigation, government investigations, or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of any such failure or alleged failure could subject System1 to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Similarly, the control deficiency, remediation efforts, and any related litigation, government investigations, or regulatory enforcement actions will require management attention and resources, cause us to incur unanticipated costs, and negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements, cause us reputational harm, and raise other risks to its operations. If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it may adversely affect investor confidence in us and the price of our common stock. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has adopted rules that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on our internal control over financial reporting. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm due to the SEC rules and regulations for certain public companies. We are not required to have, or to engage our independent registered public accounting firm to perform, an audit of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for as long as we are "smaller reporting company" pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S-K. Our platform system applications are complex, multi-faceted and include applications that are highly customized in order to serve and support our clients, advertising inventory and data suppliers, as well as support our financial reporting obligations. We regularly make improvements to our platform to maintain and enhance our competitive position. In the future, we may implement new offerings and engage in business transactions, such as acquisitions, reorganizations or implementation of new information systems. These factors require us to develop and maintain our internal controls, processes and reporting systems, and we expect to incur ongoing costs in this effort. We may not be successful in developing and maintaining effective internal controls, and any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. If we identify weaknesses or fail to timely and successfully implement new or improved controls, our ability to assure timely and accurate financial reporting may be adversely affected, and we could suffer a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which in turn could negatively impact the trading price of our shares of common stock, result in lawsuits being filed against us by our stockholders, or otherwise harm our reputation. If material weaknesses are identified in the future, it could be costly to remediate such material weaknesses, which may adversely affect our results of operatio ns and if we are unable to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, then, we may be late with the filing of our periodic reports, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. Such failures could also subject us to investigations by 23 New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") , the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and to litigation from stockholders, which could harm our reputation, financial condition or divert financial and management resources from our core business. A significant portion of our assets consists of goodwill and other intangible assets, the value of which may be reduced if we determine that those assets are impaired. As of December 31, 2025, the net carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets represented $230.5 million, or 57% of our total assets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as goodwill, are evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. Finite-lived intangible assets totaling $148.1 million are amortized up to 10 years. Based on our annual impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2025, we determined our intangible assets were not impaired. If future operating performance were to fall below current projections or if there are material changes to management’s assumptions, we could be required to recognize additional non-cash charges to operating earnings for goodwill and other intangible asset impairment, which could be significant. We may experience outages and disruptions on our platform, our websites and other software products if we fail to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure as we scale our platform, websites and other software products, which may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. We rely on our own and third-party computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites and networks for both internal and external operations that are critical to our business (collectively, "IT Systems"). As we grow our business, we expect to continue to invest in IT systems, including data warehousing, network infrastructure and cloud-based services and database technologies, as well as potentially increase our reliance on open source software. Without these improvements, our operations might suffer from unanticipated system disruptions, slow transaction processing, unreliable service levels, impaired quality or delays in reporting accurate information regarding transactions in our platform, any of which could negatively affect our reputation and ability to attract and retain clients. In addition, the expansion and improvement of our IT systems may require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources, with no assurance that there will be a corresponding increase in our business. If we fail to respond to continuing technological changes or to adequately maintain, expand, upgrade and develop our IT systems in a timely fashion, our growth prospects and results of operations could be adversely affected. We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and information, including from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists. The steps we take to increase the reliability, integrity and security of our platform, our software products, and our websites as they scale are expensive and complex, and our execution could result in operational failures and increased vulnerability to cyber and ransomware attacks. Such cyber and ransomware attacks could include denial-of-service attacks impacting service availability (including the ability to deliver ads) and reliability, social engineering/phishing or the introduction of computer viruses or malware (including ransomware) into our IT Systems with a view to steal confidential or proprietary data or personal information. Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in frequency and magnitude as threat actors are becoming increasingly sophisticated in using techniques and tools—including artificial intelligence—that circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. Cyber-attacks of increasing sophistication may be difficult to detect and could result in the theft of our intellectual property and data from our platform or other software products. We are also vulnerable to human or technological error, malicious code embedded in open-source software, misconfigurations, "bugs" or other vulnerabilities in our IT Systems or in commercial software that is integrated into our (or our suppliers’ or service providers’) IT Systems, products or services and unintentional errors or malicious actions by persons with authorized access to our IT Systems that exceed the scope of their access rights, distribute data erroneously, or, unintentionally or intentionally, interfere with the intended operations of our platform, websites and other software products. Moreover, we could be adversely impacted by outages and disruptions in the online platforms of our inventory and data suppliers, such as real-time 24 advertising exchanges, which may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse impact to the availability, integrity or confidentiality of our IT Systems or data can result in legal claims or proceedings (such as class actions), regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, fines and penalties, negative reputational impacts that cause us to lose existing or future customers, and/or significant incident response, system restoration or remediation and future compliance costs. Finally, we cannot guarantee that any costs and liabilities incurred in relation to an attack or incident will be covered by our existing insurance policies or that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to build and maintain our brands, our ability to expand the use of our websites and software products by advertisers and consumers, respectively, may be adversely affected. Our future success depends upon our ability to create and maintain brand recognition and a reputation for delivering easy, efficient and personal technology solutions. A failure by us to build our brands and maintain consumer expectations of our brands could harm our reputation and damage our ability to attract and retain consumers, which could adversely affect our business. If consumers do not perceive our portfolio websites or our software products offer a better user experience or offer good value for the services, or if advertisers do not perceive our service offering as a more effective platform, our reputation and the strength of our brand may be adversely affected. Some of our competitors have more resources than we do and can spend more advertising their brands and technology solutions. As a result, we are required to spend considerable capital and other resources to create brand awareness and build our reputation. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brand cost-effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Complaints or negative publicity about our business practices, our product/service offerings, our marketing and advertising campaigns, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the integrity of the data that we provide to consumers, data privacy and security issues, and other aspects of our business, whether valid or not, could diminish confidence and visits to our websites, as well as decrease adoption of our software products, and could adversely affect our reputation and business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or enhance our brand, and failure to do so would harm our business growth prospects and operating results. International expansion subjects us to additional costs and risks that can adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. International expansion subjects us to many challenges associated with supporting a rapidly growing business across a multitude of cultures, customs, monetary, legal and regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures. We have a limited operating history outside of the United States, and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable attention and resources. We currently have account management, inventory, and other personnel in countries within North America, Europe and Asia, and we anticipate expanding our international operations in the future. Some of the countries into which we are, or potentially may, expand score unfavorably on the Corruption Perceptions Index, or CPI, of Transparency International. Our teams outside the U.S. are substantially smaller than our teams in the U.S. To the extent we are unable to effectively engage with non-U.S. advertising agencies or companies or international divisions of U.S. agencies or companies due to our limited sales force capacity, or we are unable to secure quality non-U.S. ad inventory and data on reasonable terms due to our limited inventory and data team capacity, we may be unable to effectively grow in international markets. •    Our international operations subject us to a variety of additional risks, including: •    increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations; •    long payment cycles; 25 •    potential complications enforcing contracts and collections; •    increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; •    concerns regarding negative, unstable or changing economic conditions in the countries and regions where we operate; •    increased administrative costs and risks associated with compliance with local laws and regulations, including relating to privacy and data security; •    regulatory and legal compliance, including with privacy and cybersecurity laws, anti-bribery laws, import and export control laws, economic sanctions and other regulatory limitations or obligations on our operations; •    heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements; •    difficulties in invoicing and collecting in foreign currencies; •    foreign currency exposure risk; •    difficulties in repatriating or transferring funds from or converting currencies; •    administrative difficulties, costs and expenses related to various local languages, cultures and political nuances; •    varied labor and employment laws, including those relating to termination of employees; •    reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing rights abroad; and •    compliance with the laws of numerous foreign taxing jurisdictions, including withholding obligations, and overlapping of different tax regimes. We may incur significant operating expenses as a result of our international expansion, and it may not be successful. Our international business also subjects us to the impact of global and regional recessions and economic and political instability, differing regulatory requirements, costs and difficulties in managing a distributed workforce, potentially adverse tax consequences in the U.S. and abroad and restrictions on the repatriation of funds to the U.S. In addition, advertising markets outside of the U.S. are not as developed as those within the U.S., and we may be unable to grow our business sufficiently. Our failure to manage these risks and challenges successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Future acquisitions, strategic investments or alliances could disrupt our business and harm our business, financial condition and operating results. We may in the future explore potential acquisitions of companies or technologies, strategic investments, or alliances to strengthen our business. Even if we identify an appropriate acquisition candidate, we may not be successful in negotiating the terms or obtaining the financing for the acquisition, and our due diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, risks, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business, product or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, product quality or technology infrastructure and architecture, regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting practices or employee or client issues, and other issues including, but not limited to, the following: •    regulatory requirements or delays; •    anticipated benefits and synergies may not materialize; •    diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; •    retention of key employees from the acquired company; •    cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 26 •    integration of the acquired company’s products and technology; •    integration of the acquired company’s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems; •    the need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective controls, procedures and policies; •    coordination of product development and sales and marketing functions; •    liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including relating to privacy and data security, patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; and •    litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, users, former stockholders or other third parties. Failure to appropriately mitigate these risks or other issues related to such acquisitions and strategic investments could result in reducing or completely eliminating any anticipated benefits of transactions and harm our business, generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. We may pursue new business lines which could disrupt and adversely affect our operating results. We may pursue new business line, including, but not limited to, AI-enabled services. Such initiatives present new challenges for us, including some which we cannot anticipate at this time. Gaining familiarity with a new business line may require significant time and focus from our management team and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of our existing business. Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees, and our ability to attract, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled employees in the future. Technology companies like ours compete to attract the best talent, and our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our executive officers and key employees, including Mr. Blend, our Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer. We rely on the leadership, knowledge and experience that our executive officers and key employees provide. We also rely on employees in our product development, support and sales teams to attract and keep key clients. The market for talent in our key areas of operations, including California, Washington and Ontario, Canada where we have offices, is competitive. As a result, we may incur significant costs to attract and retain employees, including significant expenditures related to salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards. Employee turnover, including any potential future changes in our management team, could disrupt our business. For instance, in 2024, our Chief Technology Officer departed the Company and was not replaced until 2025. Our employees are at-will employees and may terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, especially Mr. Blend, our CEO and Co-Founder and Mr. Ursini, our President and Co-Founder, or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 27 We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. The intense competition we face, in addition to general and economic business conditions, can put pressure on us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain solutions or provide offerings, we may need to lower prices in order to compete successfully. Similarly, if there is pressure by competitors to raise prices, our ability to acquire new customers and retain existing customers may be diminished. Any such changes may reduce revenue and margins and could adversely affect our financial results. We depend on search engines, display advertising, social media, email, content-based online advertising and other online sources to attract consumers to our websites and convert them into sales for our advertisers. If we are unable to drive traffic cost-effectively, our business and financial results may be harmed. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract online consumers to our portfolio websites and to convert those consumers into sales for our advertisers. We depend, in part, on third-party search engines, display advertising, social media, content-based online advertising and other online sources for our website traffic. We are included in third party search results as a result of both paid search listings, where we purchase placements based on specific search terms, and separately, organic searches listings which depend upon third party search algorithms to index and return the content on our sites within such organic search listing results. Search engines, social media platforms and other online sources often revise their algorithms and introduce new advertising products. If one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for website traffic were to modify its general methodology for how it displays our advertisements, resulting in fewer consumers clicking through to our websites, our business could suffer. In addition, if our online display advertisements are no longer effective or are not able to reach certain consumers due to consumers’ use of ad-blocking software, our business could suffer. If one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for purchased listings modifies or terminates its relationship with us, our expenses could rise, we could lose consumer traffic to our websites and marketplaces, and a decrease in consumer traffic to our websites and marketplaces, for any reason, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Consumer traffic to our websites and marketplaces and the volume of sales generated by consumer traffic varies and can decline from time to time. Additionally, even if we are successful in generating traffic to our websites, we may not be able to convert these visits into consumer sales. We depend on third-party website publishers for a significant portion of our visitors, and any decline in the supply of media available through these websites or increase in the price of this media could cause our revenue to decline or our cost to reach visitors to increase. A portion of our revenue is attributable to visitors originating from advertising placements that we purchase on third party websites. In some instances, website publishers may change the advertising inventory they make available to us at any time and, therefore, impact our revenue. In addition, website publishers may place restrictions on our offerings, which may prohibit advertisements from specific clients or specific industries, or restrict the use of certain creative content. If a website publisher decides not to make advertising inventory available to us, or decides to demand a higher revenue share or places significant restrictions on the use of such inventory, we may not be able to find advertising inventory from other websites that satisfy our requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner. In addition, the number of competing online marketing service providers and advertisers that acquire inventory from websites continues to increase. Consolidation of website publishers could eventually lead to a concentration of desirable inventory on a small number of websites or networks, which could limit the supply of inventory available to us or increase the price of inventory to us. If any of the foregoing occurs, our revenue could decline or our operating costs may increase. Our failure to meet content and inventory standards and provide services that our advertisers and inventory suppliers trust could harm our brand and reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 28 We do not provide or control the content of the advertisements that are displayed by content providers we work with, including those provided by Google or Microsoft. Advertisers and inventory suppliers are concerned about being associated with content they consider inappropriate, competitive or inconsistent with their brands, or illegal and they are hesitant to spend money without guaranteed brand security. Consequently, our reputation depends in part on providing services that advertisers and inventory suppliers trust, and we have contractual obligations to meet content and inventory standards. Despite such efforts, our clients may inadvertently purchase inventory that proves to be unacceptable for their campaigns, in which case, we may not be able to recoup the amounts paid to inventory suppliers. Preventing and combating fraud is an industry-wide issue that requires constant vigilance, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in doing so. Our clients could intentionally run campaigns that do not meet the standards of our inventory suppliers or attempt to use illegal or unethical targeting practices or seek to display advertising in jurisdictions that do not permit such advertising or in which the regulatory environment is uncertain, in which case our supply of ad inventory from such suppliers could be jeopardized. Some of our competitors undertake human review of content, but because our platform is self-service, and because such means are cost-intensive, we do not utilize all means available to decrease this risk. We may provide access to inventory that is objectionable to our advertisers, serve advertising that contains malware, objectionable content or is based on questionable targeting criteria to our inventory suppliers, or be unable to detect and prevent non-human traffic, any one of which could harm our or our clients’ brand and reputation, and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. If the non-proprietary technology, software, products and services that we use are unavailable, have future terms we cannot agree to, or do not perform as we expect, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. We depend on various technology, software, products and services from third parties or available as open source, including for critical features and functionality of our platform, data centers and API technology, payment processing, payroll and other professional services. Identifying, negotiating, complying with and integrating with third-party terms and technology are complex, costly and time-consuming matters. Failure by third-party providers to maintain, support or secure their technology either generally or for our accounts specifically, or downtime, errors or defects in their products or services, could adversely impact our platform, our administrative obligations or other areas of our business. Having to replace any third-party providers or their technology, products or services could result in outages or difficulties in our ability to provide our services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with our third-party providers or otherwise need to replace them, internal resources may need to be diverted and our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws, rules and regulations that govern public companies. As a public company, we are subject to significant obligations relating to reporting, procedures and internal controls, and our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage such obligations. These obligations and scrutiny will require significant attention from our management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Legal and Compliance Risks Our business could be affected by the enactment of new governmental regulations regarding the Internet. To date, government regulations have not materially restricted the use of the Internet in most parts of the world. The legal and regulatory environment pertaining to the Internet, however, is uncertain and may change. 29 New laws may be passed, courts may issue decisions affecting the Internet, existing but previously inapplicable or unenforced laws may be deemed to apply to the Internet or regulatory agencies may begin to rigorously enforce such formerly unenforced laws, or existing legal safe harbors may be narrowed, both by U.S. federal or state governments and by governments of foreign jurisdictions. These changes could affect: • the liability of online service providers for actions by customers, including fraud, illegal content, spam, phishing, libel and defamation, hate speech, infringement of third-party intellectual property and other abusive conduct; • other claims based on the nature and content of Internet materials • user data privacy and security issues; • consumer protection risks; • digital marketing aspects; • characteristics and quality of services; • our ability to automatically renew the premium subscriptions of our users; • cross-border e-commerce issues; and • ease of access by our users to our product offerings, including our platform. The adoption of any new laws or regulations, or the application or interpretation of existing laws or regulations to the Internet, could hinder growth in the use of the Internet and online services generally, and decrease acceptance of the Internet and online services as a means of communications, e-commerce and advertising. In addition, such changes in laws could increase our costs of doing business, subject our business to increased liability for non-compliance or prevent us from delivering our services over the Internet or in specific jurisdictions, thereby materially harming our business and results of operations. We assess customer needs, and sometimes collect customer contact information to provide other product offerings, which results in us receiving personally identifiable information. This information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation in the United States. This legislation and regulation is generally intended to protect individual privacy and the privacy and security of personal information. We could be adversely affected if government regulations require us to significantly change our business practices with respect to this type of information. Changes in applicable laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there were to be changes to statutory or regulatory requirements, we may be unable to comply fully with or maintain all required licenses and approvals. Regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have all requisite licenses and approvals, or do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, the regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or monetarily penalize us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot predict whether any proposed legislation or regulatory changes will be adopted, or what impact, if any, such proposals or, if enacted, such laws could have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are alleged to have failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to customers. The cost of compliance and the 30 consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a finding that we have failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition by exposing us to negative publicity and reputational damage or by harming our customer or employee relationships. In most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. Such authorities may require us to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. Regulatory statutes are broad in scope and subject to differing interpretation. In some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry’s interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. Litigation could distract management, increase our expenses or subject us to material monetary damages and other remedies. We may be involved from time to time in various additional legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, actions relating to breach of contract, breach of federal and state privacy laws, and intellectual property infringement that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. Regardless of whether any claims against us have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or subject to payment of damages, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management’s time away from our operations. If any legal proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from actual or potential litigation may also materially and adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results. Companies in the Internet, technology and media industries are frequently subject to allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We plan to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights and our freedom to operate our business; however, regardless of the merits of the claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and extremely expensive to litigate or settle and are likely to continue to divert managerial attention and resources from our business objectives. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from operating our business or portions of our business. Resolution of claims may require us to obtain licenses to use intellectual property rights belonging to third parties, which may be expensive to procure, or we may be required to cease using intellectual property of third parties altogether. Many of our contracts require us to provide indemnification against third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our defense costs and may require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We are subject to anti-bribery, anti-corruption and similar laws and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and harm our business and reputation. We are subject to anti-bribery and similar laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the USA PATRIOT Act and U.S. Travel Act, and possibly other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws have been enforced with great rigor in recent years and are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees and their agents from making or offering improper payments or other benefits to government officials and others in the private sector. As we increase our international sales and business, particularly in countries with a low score on the CPI by Transparency International, and increase our use of third parties, particularly internationally based Network Partners, our risks under these laws will increase. We adopt appropriate policies and procedures and conduct training, but cannot guarantee that improprieties will not occur. Noncompliance with these laws could subject us to investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with specified persons, the loss of export privileges, 31 reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. Any investigations, actions and/or sanctions could have a material negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Privacy and data protection laws to which we are subject may cause us to incur additional or unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or cause us to change offerings or our business model, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Information relating to individuals and their devices (sometimes called "personal information" or "personal data") is regulated under a wide variety of local, state, national, and international laws and regulations that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer (including transfer across national boundaries) and other processing of such data. In addition, there is increasing attention by state and other jurisdictions to regulation in this area. These laws are complex and can be costly to comply with, require significant management time and effort, and could subject us to claims, government enforcement actions, civil and criminal liability or other remedies, including suspension of business operations. These laws may conflict with each other, further complicating compliance efforts. We are currently subject to a variety of, and may in the future become subject to additional, international, federal, state and local laws that are continuously evolving and developing, including laws regarding Internet-based businesses and other businesses that rely on advertising, as well as privacy and consumer protection laws, including the CAN-SPAM Act, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the Communications Decency Act. If we are alleged not to comply with these laws or regulations, we may be required to modify affected products and services, which could require a substantial investment and loss of revenue or cease providing the affected product or service altogether. If we are found to have violated laws or regulations, we may be subject to significant fines, penalties and other losses. We typically collect and store IP addresses, other device identifiers (such as unique mobile application identifiers) and email addresses, which are or may be considered personal data or personal information in some jurisdictions or otherwise may be the subject of regulation. In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal information privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA defines "personal information" broadly enough to include online identifiers provided by individuals’ devices, applications, and protocols (such as IP addresses, mobile application identifiers and unique cookie identifiers) and individuals’ location data, if there is potential that individuals can be identified by such data and provides for civil penalties of up to $7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CRPA, which became operative January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA’s requirements, including applying to personal information of business representatives and employees and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law which could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Similar laws are now in effect and enforceable in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah, and will soon be enforceable in several other states as well. Additionally, state regulators may exercise greater scrutiny regarding the collection and processing of personal information for purposes of online advertising, marketing, and analytics. These laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims and penalties, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue, our results of operations and financial condition. In addition to laws regulating the processing of personal information, we are also subject to regulation with respect to political advertising activities, which are governed by various federal and state laws in the U.S., and national and provincial laws worldwide. For example, in November 2023, EU legislators reached a political agreement regarding a regulation to increase transparency in political advertising – under the proposed rules, political adverts will need to be clearly labelled as such and must indicate the election, referendum or regulatory process to which they relate, the identity of the person who paid for them and how much they paid, and whether such advertisements have been targeted. Online political advertising laws are rapidly evolving, and in certain 32 jurisdictions have varying transparency and disclosure requirements. We have already seen publishers impose varying prohibitions and restrictions on the types of political advertising and breadth of targeted advertising allowed on their platforms with respect to advertisements for the 2020 U.S. presidential election in response to political advertising scandals like Cambridge Analytica. The lack of uniformity and increasing requirements on transparency and disclosure could adversely impact the inventory made available for political advertising and the demand for such inventory on our platform, and otherwise increase our operating and compliance costs. Concerns about political advertising, whether or not valid and whether or not driven by applicable laws and regulations, industry standards, client or inventory provider expectations, or public perception, may harm our reputation, result in loss of goodwill, and inhibit use of our platform by current and future clients. Changes in data residency and cross-border transfer restrictions also impact our operations. For the transfer of personal data from the EU to the United States, like many U.S. and European companies, we have relied upon, and were certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. The Privacy Shield Framework, however, was struck down in July 2020 by the EU Court of Justice (a decision referred to as "Schrems II") as an adequate mechanism by which EU companies may pass personal data to the United States, and other EU mechanisms for adequate data transfer, such as the standard contractual clauses, were questioned by the Court of Justice and whether and how standard contractual clauses can be used to transfer personal data to the United States is in question. In June 2021, the European Commission published revised standard contractual clauses, and shortly thereafter the European Data Protection Board promulgated guidance on implementation of the new clauses. In October 2022, the White House released an executive order implementing a new EU-U.S. data transfer mechanism, the Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework ("DPF"). The DPF aims to address the concerns raised by the court in Schrems II relating to perceived risks of transferring personal data to the United States by putting in place a new set of "commercial principles" similar to the old Privacy Shield Framework together with new rules governing U.S. intelligence authorities and redress for EU individuals. The European Commission launched an assessment of the DPF’s adequacy, which is expected to be completed in 2023. If granted, an adequacy determination would reduce the legal uncertainty of cross-border transfers of personal data. However, until an adequacy determination is granted, the validity of the standard contractual clauses as a transfer mechanism remains uncertain. If all or some jurisdictions within the EU or the United Kingdom determine that the new standard contractual clauses also cannot be used to transfer personal data to the United States and if the DPF is not ultimately adopted, we could be left with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data. If left with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data, and if we nonetheless continue to transfer personal data from the EU to the United States, that could lead to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business or cause us to need to establish systems to maintain certain data in the EU, which may involve substantial expense and cause us to divert resources from other aspects of our operations, all of which may adversely affect our business. Other jurisdictions have adopted or are considering cross-border or data residency restrictions, which could reduce the amount of data we can collect or process and, as a result, significantly impact our business. We depend on a number of third parties in relation to the operation of our business, a number of which process personal information on our behalf. There can be no assurances that the privacy and security-related measures and safeguards we have put in place in relation to these third parties will be effective to protect us and/ or the relevant personal information from the risks associated with the third-party processing, storage and transmission of such data. Any violation of data or security laws, or of our relevant measures and safeguards, by our third party processors could have a material adverse effect on our business, result in applicable fines and penalties, damage our reputation, and/ or result in civil claims. Our communications with consumers are also subject to certain laws and regulations, including the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing ("CAN-SPAM") Act of 2003 and analogous state laws, that could expose us to significant damages awards, fines and other penalties that could materially impact our business. The CAN-SPAM Act and analogous state laws also impose various restrictions on marketing conducted using email. Additional laws, regulations, and standards covering marketing, advertising, and other activities may be or become applicable to our business. As laws and regulations, including FTC enforcement, rapidly evolve to govern the use of these communications and marketing platforms, the failure by us, our employees 33 or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations or subject us to fines or other penalties. Regulatory investigations and enforcement actions could also impact us. In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, uses its enforcement powers under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (which prohibits “unfair" and "deceptive" trade practices) to investigate companies engaging in online tracking. Other companies in the advertising technology space have been subject to government investigation by regulatory bodies; advocacy organizations have also filed complaints with data protection authorities against advertising technology companies, arguing that certain of these companies’ practices do not comply with the GDPR. We cannot avoid the possibility that one of these investigations or enforcement actions will require us to alter our practices. Further, our legal risk depends in part on our clients’ or other third parties’ adherence to privacy laws and regulations and their use of our services in ways consistent with end user expectations. We rely on representations made to us by clients that they will comply with all applicable laws, including all relevant privacy and data protection regulations. Although we make reasonable efforts to enforce such representations and contractual requirements, we do not fully audit our clients’ compliance with our recommended disclosures or their adherence to privacy laws and regulations. If our clients fail to adhere to our expectations or contracts in this regard, we and our clients could be subject to adverse publicity, damages, and related possible investigation or other regulatory activity. Adapting our business to privacy laws enacted at the state level and their implementing regulations and to the enhanced and evolving privacy obligations in the EU and elsewhere could continue to involve substantial expense and may cause us to divert resources from other aspects of our operations, all of which may adversely affect our business. Additionally, as the advertising industry evolves, and new ways of collecting, combining and using data are created, governments may enact legislation in response to technological advancements and changes that could result in our having to re-design features or functions of our platform, therefore incurring unexpected compliance cost. Further, adaptation of the digital advertising marketplace requires increasingly significant collaboration between participants in the market, such as publishers and advertisers. Failure of the industry to adapt to changes required for operating under existing and future data privacy laws and user response to such changes could negatively impact inventory, data, and demand. We cannot control or predict the pace or effectiveness of such adaptation, and we cannot currently predict the impact such changes may have on our business. Additionally, as the advertising industry evolves, and new ways of collecting, combining and using data are created, governments may enact legislation in response to technological advancements and changes that could result in our having to re-design features or functions of our platform, therefore incurring unexpected compliance costs. These laws and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our platform. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new products and features could be limited. All of this could impair our or our clients’ ability to collect, use, or disclose information relating to consumers, which could decrease demand for our platform, increase our costs, and impair our ability to maintain and grow our client base and increase our revenue. Failure to comply with current or future laws and regulations relating to AI could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial condition. Our data-driven platform may also be subject to laws and evolving regulations regarding the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning (“AI Tools"). The regulatory framework around the development and use of these emerging technologies is rapidly evolving, and many federal, state and foreign government bodies and agencies have introduced and/or are currently considering additional laws and regulations. In October 2023, the President of the United States issued an executive order on the Safe, Secure and Trustworthy Development and Use of AI, emphasizing the need for transparency, accountability and fairness in the development and use of AI Tools. Both in the United States and internationally, AI Tools are the subject of evolving review by various governmental 34 and regulatory agencies, including the SEC and the FTC, and changes in laws, rules, directives and regulations governing the use of AI Tools may adversely affect the ability of our business to use or rely on AI Tools. As a result, implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we cannot yet determine the impact future laws, regulations, standards, or perception of their requirements may have on our business. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with evolving regulatory frameworks around the development and use of AI Tools, could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to access, collect and use first-party data about our users and subscribers. If that access is restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, blocked or limited by technical changes on end users’ devices and web browsers, or our and our clients’ ability to use data on our platform is otherwise restricted, our performance may decline and we may lose advertisers and revenue. Digital advertising mostly relies on the ability to uniquely identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect data about user interactions with those devices for purposes such as serving relevant ads and measuring the effectiveness of ads. Devices are identified through unique identifiers stored in cookies, provided by device operating systems for advertising purposes, or generated based on statistical algorithms applied to information about a device, such as the IP address and device type. We use device identifiers to record such information as when an Internet user views an ad, clicks on an ad, or visits one of our advertiser’s websites or applications. We use device identifiers to help us achieve our advertisers’ campaign goals, including to limit the instances that an Internet user sees the same advertisement, report information to our advertisers regarding the performance of their advertising campaigns, and detect and prevent malicious behavior and invalid traffic throughout our network of inventory. We also use data associated with device identifiers to help our clients decide whether to bid on, and how to price, an opportunity to place an advertisement in a specific location, at a given time, in front of a particular Internet user. Additionally, our clients rely on device identifiers to add information they have collected or acquired about users into our technology platform. Without such data, our clients may not have sufficient insight into an Internet user’s activity, which may compromise their and our ability to determine which inventory to purchase for a specific campaign and may undermine the effectiveness of our offerings or our ability to improve our platform and remain competitive. Today, digital advertising, including our offering, makes significant use of first-party cookies to store device identifiers for the advertising activities described above. When we utilize or deploy cookies and similar tracking or recording means, they are usually first-party cookies, which are cookies deployed by us on our own and operated websites or other domains which we operate through our technology platform. We rely on the first party data provided to us by consumers and advertisers to improve our product and service offerings and to inform the data models that our platform uses in particular, and if we are unable to maintain or grow such data we may be unable to provide consumers with an experience that is relevant, efficient and effective, which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, the regulation of the use of cookies and other current online tracking and advertising practices or a loss in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such technologies could increase our costs of operations and limit our ability to acquire new customers on cost-effective terms and, consequently, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business relies on the first party data provided to us by consumers and advertisers through using websites and our platform. The large amount of information we use in operating our websites and our platform is critical to the web platform experience we provide for consumers. If we are unable to maintain or grow the data provided to us, the value that we provide to consumers and advertisers using our websites and other service offerings may be limited. In addition, the quality, accuracy and timeliness of this information may suffer, which may lead to a negative experience for consumers using our websites and our advertisers using our platform and could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We also rely on our Network Partners to access, collect and use first-party data about our users and subscribers. To the extent that our Network Partners, the applications we make available through the leading app marketplaces and the social media platforms upon which we rely for users and certain related first party data limit or increasingly limit, eliminate or otherwise impair our ability to access, collect, process and/or use data about or 35 derived from our users or subscribers, including certain user-profile elements such as IP address, device or browser type, operating system or search query information, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Advertising shown on mobile applications can also be affected by blocking or restricting use of mobile device identifiers. Data regarding interactions between users and devices are tracked mostly through stable, pseudonymous advertising identifiers that are built into the device operating system with privacy controls that allow users to express a preference with respect to data collection for advertising, including to disable the identifier. Any failure to ensure these identifiers are properly pseudonymized could require us and our clients to comply with certain obligations with regard to such data. These identifiers and privacy controls are defined by the developers of the platforms through which the applications are accessed and could be changed by the platforms in a way that may negatively impact our business. For example, Apple announced earlier this year that it will require user opt-in before permitting access to Apple’s unique identifier, or IDFA. Apple initially targeted this fall for implementing these changes but has pushed that date out until at least early next year. This shift from enabling user opt-out to an opt-in requirement is likely to have a substantial impact on the mobile advertising ecosystem and could harm our growth in this channel. As the collection and use of data for digital advertising has received media attention over the past several years, some government regulators, such as the FTC, and privacy advocates have suggested creating a "Do Not Track" standard that would allow Internet users to express a preference, independent of cookie settings in their browser, not to have their online browsing activities tracked. "Do Not Track" has seen renewed emphasis from proponents of the CCPA, and the final proposed regulations (currently pending review and acceptance by the Office of Administrative Law) contemplate browser-based or similar "do not sell" signals. California’s new ballot initiative, the CPRA, similarly contemplates the use of technical opt outs for the sale and sharing of personal information for advertising purposes as well as to opt out of the use of sensitive information for advertising purposes and allows for AG rulemaking to develop these technical signals. If a "Do Not Track," "Do Not Sell," or similar control is adopted by many Internet users or if a "Do Not Track" standard is imposed by state, federal, or foreign legislation (such as the proposed ePrivacy Regulation or CCPA regulations), or is agreed upon by standard setting groups, we may have to change our business practices, our clients may reduce their use of our platform, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. New requirements relating to automated, browser-based, or one-stop opt-out mechanisms ("OOMs") such as the Global Privacy Control, the forthcoming opt-out mechanism for data brokers established under the California Delete Act, or other OOMs that will be established in the future may result in significantly larger numbers of consumers opting out of having their data used for marketing purposes. This could result in us having less access to consumer data, impacting performance of our services or resulting in loss of business. Increased transparency into the collection and use of data for digital advertising introduced both through features in browsers and devices and regulatory requirements, such as the GDPR, the CCPA, "Do Not Track", and ePrivacy, as well as compliance with such requirements, may create operational burdens to implement and may lead more users to choose to block the collection and use of data about them. Adapting to these and similar changes has in the past and may in the future require significant time, resources and expense, which may increase our cost of operation or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. Concerns regarding data privacy and security relating to our industry’s technology and practices, and perceived failure to comply with laws and industry self-regulation, could damage our reputation and deter current and potential clients from using our products and services. Public perception regarding data protection and privacy are significant in the programmatic advertising buying industry. Concerns about industry practices with regard to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information, whether or not valid and whether driven by applicable laws and regulations, industry standards, client or inventory provider expectations, or the broader public, may harm our reputation, result in loss of goodwill, and inhibit use of our platform by current and future clients. For example, perception that our practices involve an invasion of privacy, whether or not such practices are consistent with current or future laws, regulations, or industry 36 practices, may subject us to public criticism, private class actions, reputational harm, or claims by regulators, which could disrupt our business and expose us to increased liability. Risks Related to Intellectual Property Our use of "open source" software could adversely affect our ability to protect our proprietary software and subject us to possible litigation. We use open source software in connection with our software development. From time to time, companies that use open source software have faced claims challenging the use of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. We could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming non-compliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source licenses require users who distribute software containing open source to make available all or part of such software, which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code of the user. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Any requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could help our competitors develop services that are similar to or better than ours. Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our technology without compensating us, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and harming our business. We rely upon a combination of trade secrets, third-party confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, additional contractual restrictions on disclosure and use, and trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection. We currently have "MapQuest", “info.com", "HowStuffWorks", "Infospace", and variants and other marks registered as trademarks or pending registrations in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. We also rely on copyright laws to protect computer programs related to our technology platform and our proprietary technologies, although to date we have not registered for statutory copyright protection. We have registered numerous Internet domain names in the U.S. and certain foreign countries related to our business. We endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees, independent contractors and advisors in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information, as well as to clarify rights to intellectual property associated with our business. Protecting our intellectual property is a challenge, especially after our employees or our contractors end their relationship with us, and, in some cases, decide to work for our competitors. Our contracts with our employees and contractors that relate to intellectual property issues generally restrict the use of our confidential information solely in connection with our services, and strictly prohibit reverse engineering. However, reverse engineering our software or the theft or misuse of our proprietary information could occur by employees or other third parties who have access to our technology. Enforceability of the non-compete agreements that we have in place is not guaranteed, and contractual restrictions could be breached without discovery or adequate remedies. While we have a few legacy patents, we may not be able to obtain any further patents, and our pending applications may not result in the issuance of patents. Any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and any rights granted under these patents may not actually provide adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages to us. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Policing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those of the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of our proprietary rights in such countries may be inadequate. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including in particular, the proprietary aspects of our platform) we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who have not incurred the same level of expense, time and effort to create and protect their intellectual property. 37 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. In order to protect our technologies and processes, we rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, independent contractors and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information, including trade secrets, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases we may not be able to assert our trade secret rights against such parties. To the extent that our employees, contractors or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights to related or resulting know-how and inventions. The loss of confidential information or intellectual property rights, including trade secret protection, could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, intellectual property laws may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain protection of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could harm our business, results of operations, reputation and competitive position. In addition, a number of aspects of intellectual property protection in the field of artificial intelligence are currently under development, and there is uncertainty and ongoing litigation in different jurisdictions as to the degree and extent of protection warranted for artificial intelligence and machine learning systems and relevant system input and outputs. If we fail to obtain protection for the intellectual property rights concerning our machine learning technologies, or later have our intellectual property rights invalidated or otherwise diminished, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts to develop competing products. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our platform, our websites, and our other software products or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use or infringement or violation of our intellectual property or proprietary rights. Third parties also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or our reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, result in a diversion of resources, the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. These steps may be inadequate to protect our intellectual property. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to use information that we regard as proprietary to create product offerings that compete with ours. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to user confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of the terms "MapQuest", "info.com", "HowStuffWorks", "Infospace" or any of the other trademarks that we own. 38 We currently operate primarily in the United States. To the extent that we determine to expand our business internationally, we will encounter additional risks, including different, uncertain or more stringent laws relating to intellectual property rights and protection. We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their trademarks or other intellectual property rights, which would result in additional expense and potential damages. There is significant patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Third-party intellectual property rights may cover various aspects of technologies, trademarks, trade names or business methods that we deploy across our platform or businesses, which could prevent us from expanding our offerings or growing our business. Our current or future trademarks or trade names may be challenged, opposed, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or descriptive, determined not to be entitled to registration, or determined to infringe trademark rights owned by third-parties. In connection with a previous dispute regarding the use of the "SYSTEM1" trade name, we entered into a Settlement and Co-Existence Agreement regarding our continued use of the "SYSTEM1" trade name in the businesses in which we operate utilizing such trade name. Our success also depends on the continual development of our technology platform. From time to time, we may receive claims from third parties that our platform and its underlying technology infringe or violate such third parties’ intellectual property rights. To the extent we gain greater public recognition, we may face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property claims. The cost of defending against such claims, whether or not the claims have merit, is significant, regardless of whether we are successful in our defense, and could divert the attention of management, technical personnel and other employees from our business operations. Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is inherently uncertain due to the complex issues involved, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves in such matters. Additionally, we have obligations to indemnify our clients or inventory and data suppliers in connection with certain intellectual property claims. If we are found to infringe these rights, we could potentially be required to cease utilizing portions of the platform. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and expense. Additionally, we could be required to pay royalty payments, either as a one-time fee or ongoing, as well as damages for past use that was deemed to be infringing. If we cannot license or develop technology for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit our service and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our business. We face potential liability and harm to our business based on the nature of our business and the content on our technology platform. Advertising often results in litigation relating to misleading or deceptive claims, copyright or trademark infringement, public performance royalties or other claims based on the nature and content of advertising that is distributed through our platform. Though we contractually require clients to generally represent to us that their advertisements comply with our ad standards and our inventory providers’ ad standards and that they have the rights necessary to serve advertisements through our platform, we do not independently verify whether we are permitted to deliver, or review the content of, such advertisements. If any of these representations are untrue, we may be exposed to potential liability and our reputation may be damaged. While our clients are typically obligated to indemnify us, such indemnification may not fully cover us, or we may not be able to collect. In addition to settlement costs, we may be responsible for our own litigation costs, which can be expensive. We may face risks associated with our use of certain AI Tools. We use AI Tools and are making significant investments to continuously improve our use of such technologies. For example we use machine learning algorithms and automated decision making technologies in our platform to generate ads and identify target customer bases for our clients. There are significant risks involved in developing, maintaining and deploying these technologies and there can be no assurance that the usage of such 39 technologies will always enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or profitability. In particular, if AI Tools are incorrectly designed or implemented; trained or reliant on incomplete, inadequate, inaccurate, biased or otherwise poor quality data or on data to which we do have sufficient rights; and/or are adversely impacted by unforeseen defects, technical challenges, cyber security threats or material performance issues, the performance of our products, services, and business, as well as our reputation could suffer or we could incur liability through the violation of laws or contracts to which we are a party or civil claims. Further, our ability to continue to develop or use such technologies may be dependent on access to specific third party software and infrastructure, such as processing hardware or third party artificial intelligence models, and we cannot control the availability or pricing of such third party software and infrastructure, especially in a highly competitive environment. In addition, market acceptance and consumer perceptions of AI Tools is uncertain. The market for AI Tools is rapidly evolving and unproven in many industries. We cannot be sure that the market will continue to grow or that it will grow in ways we anticipate. We face significant competition from other companies in our industry in relation to the development and deployment of AI Tools. Those other companies may develop technologies that are similar or superior to ours and/or are more cost-effective and/or quicker to develop and deploy. If we cannot develop, offer or deploy new technologies as effectively, as quickly and/ or as cost-efficiently as our competitors, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, customer relationships and growth. Our ability to continue to develop or use AI Tools may be dependent on access to specific third party software and infrastructure, such as processing hardware or third party machine learning models, and we cannot control the availability or pricing of such third party software and infrastructure, especially in a highly competitive environment. Further, certain of the data that we use in developing our machine learning algorithms is licensed from third-parties, and we are dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary data licenses within appropriate time frames and on commercially reasonable terms. Our data suppliers may withhold their data from us in certain circumstances, for example if there is a competitive reason to do so; if we breach our contract with a supplier; if they are acquired by one of our competitors; or if new laws or case law restrict the use or dissemination of the data they provide. Additionally, we could terminate relationships with our data suppliers if they fail to adhere to our data quality, vendor or other standards. If a substantial number of data suppliers were to withdraw or withhold their data from us, or if we sever ties with our data suppliers based on their inability to meet our standards, our ability to provide products and services to our customers, and our revenue prospects, could be materially adversely impacted. Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants Our issuance of additional shares of common stock, Warrants or other convertible securities may dilute your ownership interest in us and could adversely affect our stock price. From time to time in the future, we may issue additional shares of our common stock, Warrants or other securities convertible into common stock pursuant to a variety of transactions, including acquisitions. Additional shares of our common stock may also be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options and Warrants. The issuance by us of additional shares of our common stock, Warrants or other securities convertible into our common stock would dilute your ownership interest in us and the sale of a significant amount of such shares in the public market could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock and Warrants. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions and the expiration of our lock-up, shares issuable upon exercise of options will be available for resale immediately in the public market without restriction. In the future, we expect to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our capital stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity, or shares of preferred stock. Issuing additional shares of our capital stock, other equity securities, or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders, reduce the market price of our common stock and Warrants, or both. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the 40 number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, holders of our common stock and Warrants bear the risk that our future offerings may reduce the market price of our common stock and Warrants and dilute their percentage ownership. We are a "smaller reporting company" and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our common stock and Warrants less attractive to investors. We qualify as a "smaller reporting company" within the meaning of the Securities Act. We have taken advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on certain executive compensation matters and reduced reporting periods. As a result, stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find the securities less attractive as a result of reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. The market price of our common stock and Warrants may be volatile or may change significantly regardless of our operating performance. You may lose some or all of your investment as a result. The market price of our common stock and Warrants has fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate. You may not be able to resell your shares at an attractive price due to a number of factors such as those listed in this section and the following: •    our operating and financial performance and prospects; •    our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations; •    conditions that impact demand for our products; •    future announcements concerning our business, our customers’ businesses or our competitors’ businesses; •    the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; •    the size of our public float; •    coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or failure to meet their expectations; •    market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; •    strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; •    changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect our industry or us; •    changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; •    changes in senior management or key personnel; •    issuances, exchanges, sales, repurchases or expected issuances, of our capital stock; •    changes in our dividend policy; • failure to adhere to NYSE stock exchange listing standards; •    adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; and 41 •    changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war and responses to such events. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock and Warrants, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock and Warrants is low. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities Class Action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. Our failure to satisfy the NYSE continued listing standards could result in the delisting of our common stock, which could adversely affect the market for our common stock and our ability to access capital. On December 8, 2025, we received written notice from the NYSE that our 30 trading-day average market capitalization was less than $50 million and our reported stockholders' equity as of September 30, 2025 was also less than $50 million, as set forth in Section 802.01B of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. In response, we submitted a business and remediation plan to the NYSE outlining our efforts that we intend to implement over the ensuing 18-months to cure our market capitalization and/or stockholders' equity deficiencies in order to regain compliance with the NYSE's continued listing standards. The Company’s business and remediation plan was recently approved by the NYSE’s regulatory compliance staff, but there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in implementing its planned business and other remediation efforts intended to regain compliance with such NYSE’s continued listing standards. The Company intends to evaluate, consider and seek to implement all available alternatives and/or remediation measures in order to cure the listing compliance deficiencies identified by the NYSE. If we fail to maintain compliance with these requirements and are unable to regain compliance within the applicable cure period, the NYSE may commence delisting proceedings with respect to our common stock. We and our security holders could face significant material adverse consequences including: • a limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; • reduced liquidity for our common stock; • a determination that our common stock is a "penny stock," which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock; • a limited amount of analyst coverage; and • a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The obligations associated with being a public company involve significant expenses and require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and other current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we have experienced an increase in legal, accounting and other expenses compared to that S1 Holdco incurred prior to the Merger, and we expect to incur these increased costs while we remain a public company. Our entire management team and many of our other employees will need to devote substantial time to compliance and may not effectively or efficiently manage our transition into a public company. 42 In addition, the need to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may also divert management’s attention from implementing our business strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have made, and will continue to make, changes to our internal control over financial reporting, including IT controls, and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. However, the measures we take may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations as a public company. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain our culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur to comply with these requirements. We anticipate that these costs will materially increase our general and administrative expenses. These rules and regulations result in our incurring legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our Board of Directors, on our board committees or as executive officers. You may only be able to exercise the Warrants (as defined below) on a "cashless basis" under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. The Warrant Agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the shares of common stock are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of "covered securities" under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the Warrants for redemption. If you exercise your Warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the Warrant exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the "Fair Market Value" (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the Warrants by (y) the Fair Market Value. The "Fair Market Value" is the average closing price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the Warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. We may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner that may have an adverse effect on holders of Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our Warrants were issued in registered form under a Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Warrant agent, and us. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the Warrant Agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem not to adversely affect the interest of the holders of the Warrants. All other amendments require the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then-outstanding Warrants, including any change that adversely affects the rights of the registered holders of Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of Warrants if holders of at least 65% of the then 43 outstanding Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the Warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. Our Warrant Agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of the Warrants, which could limit the ability of Warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. Our Warrant Agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Warrant Agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our Warrant Agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the Warrant Agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (a "foreign action") in the name of any holder of our Warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an "enforcement action"), and (y) having service of process made upon such Warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Warrant holder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such Warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a Warrant holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Warrant Agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board of Directors. We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worth less than what you paid for them. We have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, (a) at a price of $0.1 per Warrant, provided that (i) the last reported sales price of the Class A ordinary shares for any twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given (the "Reference Value") equals or exceeds $180.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) and (ii) there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day Redemption Period (as defined in the Warrant Agreement), or (b) provided that the Reference Value equals or exceeds $100.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you to (i) exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when 44 you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and proprietary information. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes a multi-point cybersecurity incident response plan. First, we have designed and assessed our cybersecurity risk management program based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework ("NIST CSF"). This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that we use the NIST CSF as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our businesses and technology infrastructure. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management program, and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the enterprise risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas that we evaluate and address on a regular basis based on a risk-weighted determination. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes the following elements: • risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and our broader enterprise IT environment; • a security team principally responsible for managing: (1) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security controls, and (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents; • the use of external experts, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; • cybersecurity awareness training of our employees, incident response personnel, and senior management; • cyber/technology errors & omissions insurance; • a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents and assessment of materiality against external reporting requirements; and • a third-party risk management process for service providers, suppliers, and

--- VENDORS ---
vendors who access our critical systems and data. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and evaluation and security processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in adequately protecting our systems, technology infrastructure and proprietary information. We face risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized and material, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. See

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our platform include our ad media interface, dynamic content and monetization serving, real-time revenue attribution, machine learning and data science algorithms, and back-end reporting systems. As a result of the seamless integration of these proprietary technologies, we are able to continually improve performance as we incorporate additional data and product enhancements. Omni-Vertical and Monetization Agnostic Service Offering —Our platform is designed to work across vertical consumer categories, efficiently leveraging consumer intent data matched to advertiser demand on a real-time basis. The platform is also integrated with multiple forms of monetization, facilitating display and search advertising, lead generation, video, e-commerce and subscriptions. We believe that our platform adds significant value across the entire digital marketing landscape. 4 Substantial First-Party Data Consumer Information —In 2025, we processed approximately 11 billion total sessions. As a result, we process significant amounts of data (across search queries and decision-making behavior) from consumers, including first party intent-based data, that is combined with data on how consumers respond to different types of ad content, creatives and formats. This aggregated and anonymized data is leveraged within our platform, so that it can be analyzed and iteratively enriched as consumers return to our websites and continue to interact with rendered advertisements. When this data is fed into our data science and machine learning algorithms, it becomes a powerful tool for identifying new monetization opportunities and increasing return on advertising spend. Proven M&A Experience —We seek out complimentary or ancillary businesses where we can benefit from identified synergies through our industry expertise, significant acquisition experience and in-house strategies to seamlessly integrate targets onto our marketing platform. We have historically evaluated acquisition opportunities along several key criteria, including building strong brands across a broad group of advertising verticals, diversifying monetization capabilities, developing and augmenting new user acquisition channels, accelerating international growth and opportunities for expansion of our owned and operated properties. Experienced Management Team —Our management team is founder-led, with a deep bench across product, engineering, business & corporate development and compliance, with significant experience in digital advertising and publishing. Our Growth Strategies We believe our platform can be efficiently deployed across the quickly evolving and rapidly expanding digital advertising market. As the total available market for digital advertising expands, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver superior results and performance to advertisers and our Network Partners through our extensive relationships with leading advertisers and advertising networks, and to better direct consumers to the products or services that match their intent. Our goal is to continually improve and extend the scope of our services by continuing to evolve and adapt to the ever-changing landscape of new sources of online user traffic, better monetization tools and growing areas of advertising demand. To achieve this goal, we intend to continue to grow our business by pursuing the following growth strategies: Grow Existing Business Lines . We plan to continue to expand and grow our existing Products, led by our flagship brands CouponFollow , MapQuest and Startpage.com . For our marketing business, we plan to continue to expand the number of marketing partners into which our platform is integrated, while also expanding the number of network and advertising partners integrated with our platform. This in turn will enable us to continue to attract and monetize users with commercial intent through our owned and operated web properties in high value vertical consumer categories. We will also continue to monetize users on behalf of our Network Partners. Expand New Business Lines. As the digital marketplace continues to evolve and change, we will use our proprietary competitive advantages, both technical and operationally, to expand and develop into new products and services, including, but not limited to, AI-enabled services. Our websites cover a diverse range of consumer demand and traffic. For example, MapQuest is a web-based navigation service that delivers turn-by-turn direction guidance to users. Startpage is the world’s most private search engine, allowing our users to browse and search the Internet in complete privacy. CouponFollow is one of the largest coupon destinations for online shoppers. 5 Our Human Capital We believe that our values of support, teamwork, individuality, ownership, impact and improvement have been an important factor of our overall success. Behind all our innovations are the talented people around the world who bring them to life. To continue to produce such innovations, we believe that it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain top talent. We strive to make System1 a workplace where our people feel they belong, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities. To ensure we live our values, and our culture stays unique and strong, our board of directors (the "Board" or the "Board of Directors") and executive team have put significant focus on our human capital resources. We draw from the largest pools of talent to help find the best people for our company and seek to hire and retain a highly qualified workforce in compliance with applicable federal and other laws and regulations. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 250 full-time employees in three countries. Regionally, North America and the rest of the world make up approximately 99% and 1% of our workforce, respectively. Talent Development Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and our company culture of ownership. We empower employees to develop their skills and abilities by acting on great ideas regardless of their role or function, which translates into personal investment in building our organization. We work to foster an environment where talented individuals and teams can thrive in fulfilling careers. To set our team up for success, we define key core competencies for roles that are aligned to our values and extend to all levels of leadership regardless of experience and role. We encourage everyone to create individual development plans leveraging competency frameworks tied into their chosen career path, outlining a specific plan and actions to increase proficiency or learn new skills. We seek to provide a wide range of learning and development opportunities in both individual and group settings with formal, social and experiential learning. Compensation and Benefits We provide compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees and reward their efforts and contributions. We seek fairness in total compensation with reference to external comparisons, internal comparisons and the relationship between management and non-management compensation. In addition to salaries, we provide competitive compensation programs commensurate with our industry peers. Such compensation and benefit programs may include short-term incentives, equity awards, 401(k) plans with employer matching, healthcare and insurance benefits, flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, employee assistance programs and tuition assistance, among many others. Such programs and our overall compensation packages seek to facilitate retention of key personnel. Health, Safety and Wellness The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs. We continue to implement changes that we determined are in the best interests of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with applicable government regulations. We continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees’ health and wellness needs. Intellectual Property The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important driver of our success. We rely on intellectual property laws, including trade secret, copyright, patent and trademark laws in the U.S. and abroad, and 6 use contracts, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements and other contractual rights to protect our intellectual property. Our ability to continually develop new intellectual property and deliver new functionality quickly serves to protect us against competitors. We believe our platform, along with our proprietary technology assets, is unique in the marketplace, difficult to replicate and would be expensive and time-consuming to build. Seasonality In the advertising industry, companies commonly experience seasonal fluctuations in revenue. For example, many advertisers allocate the largest portion of their budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year in order to coincide with increased holiday purchasing and spending habits. Historically, the fourth quarter of the year reflects our highest level of advertising activity, while the first quarter reflects the lowest level of such activity. We expect our revenue to continue to fluctuate based on seasonal factors that affect the industry as a whole. Geographic Scope of Our Operations Our primary operations are in the United States, and we also have operations in Canada and the Netherlands. Operations outside the United States are subject to risks inherent in operating under different legal systems and various political and economic environments. Among the risks are changes in existing tax laws, changes in the regulatory framework in foreign jurisdictions, data privacy laws, possible limitations on foreign investment and income repatriation, government foreign exchange controls, exposure to currency exchange fluctuations and employment laws impacting foreign employees. We do not engage in hedging activities to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As a result of the current uncertainty in economic activity, including geopolitical developments and other macroeconomic factors such as rising interest rates and inflation, we are unable to predict the size and duration of the impact on our revenue and our results of operations . Our Competition Our industry is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with other demand-side platform providers, some of which are smaller, privately-held companies and others that are divisions of large, well-established companies such as Google and Microsoft. Our Products also compete with other premium online publishers, such as Ziff Davis, Inc. and IAC Inc. We believe that we are differentiated from our competitors in the following areas: • we are an independent technology company focused on serving advertisers on the buy-side of our industry; • our Network Partner and advertising relationships are primarily based on the quality of our traffic, where our long-term success is determined by the quality and performance of our users for our Advertising Partners relative to our competition; • our platform provides comprehensive access to a wide range of inventory types across multiple advertising verticals; and • our platform allows clients to build proprietary advantages by integrating custom features and interfaces for their own use through our application programming interfaces, or APIs. The intense competition we face, in addition to general and economic business conditions, can put pressure on us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain solutions or provide offerings, we may need to lower pricing to compete successfully. Any such changes may reduce revenue and margins and could adversely affect our financial results. 7 Collection and Use of Data; Privacy and Data Protection Legislation and Regulation We and our partners currently use pseudonymous data about Internet and mobile app users directed to our platform to manage and execute digital advertising campaigns in a variety of ways, including delivering advertisements to end users based on their geographic locations, the type of device they are using, their interests as inferred from their Internet search queries, web browsing or app usage activity or their previous relationships with our partners. Such data can be passed to us from various third parties, including device type original equipment manufacturers and application providers and publishers. We do not use this data to discover the identity of individuals, and we currently prohibit partners, data providers and inventory suppliers from importing data onto our ad buying platform that directly identifies individuals, though we do allow partners to share some directly identifying information, such as phone number and email addresses, with us for purposes of transforming that information into pseudonymous identifiers to use on our platform. Our ability, like those of other advertising technology companies, to collect, process, augment, analyze, use and share data relies, in part, upon the ability to identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect and process data about user interactions with those devices for purposes such as serving relevant ads and measuring the effectiveness of ads. In many instances, the technology necessary to identify devices and users interactions with content, ads, applications or utilities on such devices are governed by U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, and our ability to utilize such information is dependent upon their implementation within the digital ad industry ecosystem. Such laws, regulations and industry standards may change from time to time, including those relating to the level of consumer notice, consent and/or choice required when a company employs cookies, pixels or other similar electronic identifiers or tags to collect, process and share data about users online interactions. In the United States, both federal and state legislation govern activities such as the collection and use of personal data, and privacy matters impacting the advertising technology industry has frequently been subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), U.S. Congress, and individual state governments. Much of the federal oversight on digital advertising in the United States currently comes from the FTC, which has primarily relied upon Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits companies from engaging in "unfair" or "deceptive" trade practices, including alleged violations of representations concerning privacy protections and acts that allegedly violate individuals’ privacy interests. However, there is increasing consumer concern over data privacy and the use of personally identifiable information in recent years, which has led to a myriad of new and proposed legislation both at the federal and state levels, some of which has affected and will continue to affect our operations and those of our industry partners. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA"), which went into effect January 1, 2020, defines "personal information" broadly enough to include online identifiers provided by individuals’ devices, applications and protocols (such as IP addresses, mobile application identifiers and unique cookie identifiers) and individuals’ location data, if there is potential that individuals can be identified by such data. The CCPA created individual data privacy rights for consumers in the State of California (including rights to deletion of and access to, as well as rights to opt-out of the collection of, personal information), special rules on the collection of consumer data from minors, new notice obligations and new limits on, and rules regarding the collection, processing and "sale" of personal information (interpreted by many to include common digital advertising practices). The CCPA also includes a potentially severe statutory damages framework for violations of the CCPA and for businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. The CCPA also offers the possibility to a consumer to recover statutory damages for certain violations related to data breaches. There also have been many class action lawsuits filed invoking the CCPA outside of the private right of action provided for by the law, and it is unclear at this point whether any of these claims will be accepted by the courts. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act (the "CPRA") (which amends and further implements the CCPA), as well as similar laws which have recently gone into effect in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, impose additional notice and opt out obligations in the digital advertising ecosystem, including an obligation to provide a prominent opt out for behavioral advertising. Additionally, similar laws have been passed or are being considered in other states, which may impose additional restrictions on us and on our industry partners. It is difficult 8 to predict with certainty the full effect of these recently passed or pending laws and their implementing regulations on the Internet and advertising industries as a whole. As our business is global, our activities are also subject to foreign legislation and regulation. In the United Kingdom and the European Union (including the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and the countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), or EU, separate laws and regulations (and member states’ implementations thereof) govern the processing of personal data, and these laws and regulations continue to impact us. The General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which applies to us, came into effect on May 25, 2018. Like the CCPA, the GDPR defines "personal data" broadly, and it enhances data protection obligations for controllers of such data and for service providers processing the data. It also provides certain rights, such as access and deletion, to the individuals about whom the personal data relates. The IAB Europe previously collaborated with the digital advertising industry to create a user-facing framework (the Transparency and Control Framework, or "TCF") for establishing and managing legal bases under the GDPR and other U.K. and EU privacy laws including the ePrivacy Directive (discussed below). Although the TCF is still partially in use, its viability as a compliance mechanism has come under attack by the Belgian Data Protection Authority and others, and we cannot predict its effectiveness or applicability over the long term. In February 2022, the Belgium Data Protection Authority issued an order against IAB Europe that imposes specific remedies on IAB Europe and its operation of TCF. Further, other European regulators have questioned the framework’s viability and activists have filed complaints with regulators of alleged non-compliance by specific companies that employ the framework. Continuing to maintain compliance with the GDPR’s requirements, including monitoring and adjusting to rulings and interpretations that affect our approach to compliance, requires significant time, resources and expense, and may lead to significant changes in our business operations, as will the effort to monitor whether additional changes to our business and data collection practices and our backend configuration are needed, all of which may increase operating costs, or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. Additionally, in the EU, EU Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2009/136/EC), commonly referred to as the ePrivacy or Cookie Directive, directs EU member states to ensure that accessing information on an Internet user’s computer or mobile device, such as through a cookie and other similar technologies, is allowed only if the Internet user has been informed about such access, and provided active and informed consent. A recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union clarified that such consent must be reflected by an affirmative act of the user, and European regulators are increasingly agitating for more robust forms of consent and bringing enforcement actions against large platforms, including Amazon, Facebook and Google, concerning their cookie consent mechanisms. These developments may result in decreased reliance on implied consent mechanisms that have historically been used to meet requirements of the ePrivacy Directive in some markets. A replacement for the ePrivacy Directive is currently under discussion by EU member states to complement and bring electronic communication services in line with the GDPR and force a harmonized approach across EU member states. Although it remains under debate, the proposed ePrivacy Regulation may further raise the bar for the use of cookies, and the fines and penalties for breach may be significant. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. For the transfer of personal data from the EU to the United States, like many U.S. and European companies, we have historically relied upon the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. The Privacy Shield Framework, however, was struck down in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union as an adequate mechanism by which EU companies may pass personal data to the US. Other EU mechanisms for adequate data transfer, such as the standard contractual clauses, were also questioned by the Court of Justice and, as a result, whether and how standard contractual clauses can be used to transfer personal data to the United States is in question. If there is no interim agreement and standard contractual clauses also cannot be relied upon, we could be left with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data. If successful challenges leave us with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data, and if we nonetheless continue to transfer personal data from the EU to the United States, that could lead to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, any of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business or cause us to need to establish various technical systems to maintain certain data in the EU, which may involve substantial expense and cause us to need to divert resources from other aspects of our operations. Other 9 jurisdictions have adopted or are considering cross-border or data residency restrictions, which could reduce the amount of data we can collect or process and, as a result, significantly impact our business. This growing set of privacy regulations has created intense scrutiny regarding Interest-based advertising, or the use of data to draw inferences about a consumer’s interests and delivering relevant advertising to that consumer, by legislative, regulatory, and self-regulatory bodies, privacy advocates, academics, and commercial interests in the United States and abroad that focus on consumer protections and data privacy. In particular, much of this scrutiny has focused on the use of cookies and other tracking technologies that are used to collect or aggregate information about consumers’ online browsing and mobile app usage activity. For example, as the collection and use of data for digital advertising has increasingly received negative media attention over the past several years, some government regulators, such as the FTC, and privacy advocates have suggested creating a universally accepted "Do Not Track" standard that would allow Internet users to express a preference, independent of cookie settings in their browser, not to have their online browsing activities tracked and shared across websites or devices. The CPRA and new Colorado consumer privacy law similarly have been interpreted to require the use of technical opt-outs for the sale and sharing of personal information for advertising purposes, and allow for rulemaking to develop these technical signals. If a universally accepted "Do Not Track," "Do Not Sell," or similar control is adopted by many Internet users, or if a "Do Not Track" or similar standard is imposed by additional states or by federal or foreign legislation, or is agreed upon by industry standard setting groups, we may have to change our business practices, our clients may reduce their use of our platform, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We participate in several industry self-regulatory programs, mainly initiated by the Network Advertising Initiative, or NAI, the Digital Advertising Alliance, or DAA, and their international counterparts. Our efforts to comply with the self-regulatory principles of these programs include offering end users notice and choice when advertising is served to them based, in part, on their interests. We believe that this user-centric approach to addressing consumer privacy empowers consumers to make informed decisions on the use of their data. Government Regulation We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business over the Internet and, in some cases, using services of third-party telecommunications and Internet service providers. These include, but are not limited to, laws and regulations addressing data and consumer privacy; data sharing, storage, retention and security; freedom of expression; content dissemination/distribution; taxation; advertising and intellectual property. Our ability, like those of other digital advertising and subscription companies, to collect, enhance, analyze, use and share data relies upon our ability to uniquely identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect data about user interactions with those devices for marketing purposes, including the effectiveness of targeted ads. The processes used to identify devices and similar technologies are governed by U.S. and foreign laws and regulations and dependent upon their implementation. Such laws, regulations, and industry standards may change from time to time, including those relating to the level of consumer notice and consent required before a company can employ cookies or other electronic tools to collect data about interactions with users online. Available Information We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and related amendments, exhibits and other information with the SEC. You may access and read our filings without charge through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or through our website at https://ir.system1.com/, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Website addresses referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained on our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or documents we file with or furnish to the SEC. Copies of our Code of Ethics and Conduct Policy, Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters for the Audit, Compensation, 10 and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of our Board are also available on the "Governance - Governance Documents" subpage of the "Investors" section of our website. 11

