TICKER: SXT
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, and the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East; industry, regulatory, legal, and economic factors related to the Company’s domestic and
          international business; the effects of tariffs, trade barriers, and disputes; the availability and cost of labor, logistics, and transportation; the pace and nature of new product introductions by the Company and the Company’s customers; the
          Company’s ability to anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences, changing technologies, and changing regulations; the Company’s ability to successfully implement its growth strategies; the outcome of the Company’s various
          productivity-improvement and cost-reduction efforts, acquisition and divestiture activities, and Portfolio Optimization Plan; growth in markets for products in which the Company competes; industry and customer acceptance of price increases;
          actions by competitors; the Company’s ability to enhance its innovation efforts and drive cost efficiencies; currency exchange rate fluctuations; and the matters discussed below under the heading “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to support our
          business and operations have experienced such attacks in the past and while there has been no material impact on our business to date, any such attacks in the future could have an adverse impact on our business. The impact of any such event and
          the effectiveness of our response thereto may adversely affect our operations and subject us to lost business opportunities, increased operating costs, regulatory consequences, and reputational harm. While we take substantial steps to protect our
          information and systems through cyber security systems, monitoring, auditing, and training, these efforts are not always successful. And, while we maintain liability insurance against these risks, coverage may be unavailable or incomplete. In addition, the Company is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, and data security, including
          those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. Compliance with and interpretation of various data privacy and cybersecurity regulations continue to evolve, and any violation could
          subject the Company to legal claims, regulatory penalties, and damage to its reputation. Our failure to comply with these evolving regulations, whether as a result of a cyber-attack or otherwise, could expose us to fines, sanctions, penalties,
          and other costs that could harm our reputation and adversely impact our financial results. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Risk Management and Strategy The Company recognizes the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats in order to safeguard our information systems and protect
        the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information systems and the information residing therein. We have implemented several cybersecurity processes to aid in our efforts to assess, identify, and manage such material risks. 19 Index Our risk management program considers cybersecurity threat risks alongside other risks as part of our overall risk assessment process. We believe that integrating our cybersecurity risk
        management into our broader risk management framework promotes a company-wide culture of cybersecurity risk management and ensures that cybersecurity considerations are an integral part of decision-making at every level. We employ a wide range of tools, policies, and services, including but not limited to penetration testing, network and endpoint monitoring, vulnerability assessments, information
        segregation, and tabletop exercises to inform our risk identification and assessment. We routinely review and upgrade our information technology and cybersecurity systems in order to better manage, report, and protect the information related to our
        formulas and processes, research and development, trade secrets, products, customers and suppliers, employees, and other sensitive information. We also have a cybersecurity specific risk assessment process that helps us identify our cybersecurity
        threat risks and maturity level by comparing our processes to standards set by the International Organization for Standardization. To provide for the availability of critical data and systems, maintain regulatory compliance, manage our material risks from cybersecurity threats, and protect against, detect, and respond
        to cybersecurity incidents, we: • Run tabletop exercises with our executive team to simulate a response to a cybersecurity incident and use the findings to improve our processes and technologies; • Conduct regular third-party assessments of our cybersecurity program; • Undertake regular reviews of our incident response plan and other policies related to cybersecurity; • Run regular cyber penetration testing; • Through policy and practice, classify information, restrict access, and require employees to treat sensitive data with care; and • Conduct an annual employee training program, including regular phishing email simulations for all employees with access to corporate email systems to enhance awareness and responsiveness to such possible threats. Our incident response plan coordinates the activities we take to prepare for, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity incidents, which include processes to triage, assess
        severity of, escalate, contain, investigate, and remediate the incident, as well as comply with potentially applicable legal obligations. Recognizing the complexity and evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the Company engages third-party experts, including assessors, auditors, and consultants, in evaluating and testing our risk management systems. Such engagements include managed security services, regular audits, penetration testing, threat
        assessments, and consultation on security enhancements. The Company has processes in place to oversee and manage its use of third-party vendors. We conduct security assessments of third-party vendors engaged, limit the information systems of the Company available to the third party, and maintain monitoring to ensure compliance with our cybersecurity standards. From time to time, we experience cybersecurity incidents and threats to our systems and information. Through the date hereof, no risks from identified cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected, and we do not believe are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, we
          cannot guarantee that we will not be materially affected in the future. Cybersecurity threats rapidly
          evolve and are complex, so we must continually adapt and enhance our processes. As we do this, we must make judgments about where and how to invest resources to most effectively protect ourselves from threats. These are inherently challenging
          processes, and we can provide no assurance that the processes that we implement will be effective. For more information regarding cybersecurity risks that could impact the Company, see our risk factor disclosures at

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Raw Materials 8 Competition 8 Foreign Operations 8 Patents, Formulae, and Trademarks 9 Human Capital 9 Food Safety 10 Regulation 10

