TICKER: TCPC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, energy and other resource shortages, changes in laws, trade barriers, currency exchange controls and national and international political circumstances, may have long-term negative effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and economy. These conditions have resulted in, and in many cases continue to result in, greater price volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency, with many securities remaining illiquid and of uncertain value. Such market conditions may adversely affect the Company, including by making valuation of some of the Company’s securities uncertain and/or result in sudden and significant valuation increases or declines in the Company’s holdings. If there is a significant decline in the value of the Company’s portfolio, this may impact the asset coverage levels for the Company’s outstanding leverage. Risks resulting from any future debt or other economic crisis could also have a detrimental impact on the global economy, the financial condition of financial institutions and our business, financial condition and results of operation. Market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer debt and home prices, among other factors. To the extent uncertainty regarding the U.S. or global economy negatively impacts consumer confidence and consumer credit factors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. Downgrades to the credit ratings of major banks could result in increased borrowing costs for such banks and negatively affect the broader economy. Moreover, Federal Reserve policy, including with respect to certain interest rates, may also adversely affect the value, volatility and liquidity of dividend- and interest-paying securities. Market volatility, an increase in interest rates and/or a return to unfavorable economic conditions could impair the Company’s ability to achieve its investment objective. The occurrence of events similar to those in recent years, such as localized wars, instability, pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious diseases in certain parts of the world, and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics, terrorist attacks in the U.S. and around the world, social and political discord, debt crises sovereign debt downgrades, increasingly strained relations between the U.S. and a number of foreign countries, new and continued political unrest in various countries, the exit or potential exit of one or more countries from the EU or the EMU, continued changes in the balance of political power among and within the branches of the U.S. government, government shutdowns, among others, may result in market volatility, may have long term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets, and may cause further economic uncertainties in the U.S. and worldwide. In particular, the impact on inflation and increased disruption to supply chains and energy resources may impact our portfolio companies, result in an economic downturn or recession either globally or locally in the U.S. or other economies, reduce business activity, spawn additional conflicts (whether in the form of traditional military action, reignited "cold" wars or in the form of virtual warfare such as cyberattacks) with similar and perhaps wider ranging impacts and consequences and have an adverse impact on the Company's returns and net asset value. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia, Russian-backed separatist regions in Ukraine, and certain banks, companies, government officials and other individuals in Russia and Belarus. In addition, U.S. military action overseas and the conflict in the Middle East may cause exacerbated volatility and disruptions to both the domestic and global economy, spawn additional conflicts, result in possible sanctions and countersanctions, and trigger retaliatory cyberattacks. Any of the above factors, as well as other governmental actions, could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic factors that affect the Company and our portfolio companies' businesses, financial conditions, cashflows, and operations. We cannot predict the nature, magnitude and duration of the hostilities stemming from these conflicts. Prolonged unrest, military activities, or broad-based sanctions could have a material adverse effect on our portfolio companies. Such consequences also may increase our funding cost or limit our access to the capital markets. The current political climate has intensified concerns about potential trade wars between China and the U.S., as each country has imposed tariffs on the other country’s products, and between the U.S. and other nations, with additional tariffs under the new administration in the U.S. also under discussion. These actions may trigger a significant reduction in international trade, the oversupply of certain manufactured goods, substantial price reductions of goods and possible failure of individual companies and/or large segments 26 of China’s export industry, which could have a negative impact on our performance. U.S. companies that source material and goods from China and those that make large amounts of sales in China would be particularly vulnerable to an escalation of trade tensions. Uncertainty regarding the outcome of the trade tensions and the potential for a trade war could cause the U.S. dollar to decline against safe haven currencies, such as the Japanese yen and the euro. Events such as these and their consequences are difficult to predict and it is unclear whether further tariffs may be imposed or other escalating actions may be taken in the future. Any of these effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The impact of the events described above on our portfolio companies could impact their ability to make payme nts on their loans on a timely basis and may impact their ability to continue making their loan payments on a timely basis or meeting their loan covenants. The inability of portfolio companies to make timely payments or meet loan covenants may in the future require us to undertake amendment actions with respect to our investments or to restructure our investments, which may include the need for us to make additional investments in our portfolio companies (including debt or equity investments) beyond any existing commitments, exchange debt for equity, or change the payment terms of our investments to permit a portfolio company to pay a portion of its interest through payment-in-kind, which would defer the cash collection of such interest and add it to the principal balance, which would generally be due upon repayment of the outstanding principal. Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. Market disruptions and other geopolitical or macroeconomic events could create market volatility that negatively impact our business. Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record the values of our investments. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. A portfolio company’s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio company’s ability to meet its obligations under the debt securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, even though we or one of our affiliates may have structured our interest in such portfolio company as senior debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt holding as equity and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to claims of other creditors. Efforts by the Federal Reserve and other central banks globally to combat inflation and restore price stability, as well as other global events, may raise the prospect or severity of a recession. Wars have added, and other international tensions or escalations of conflict may add, instability to the uncertainty driving socioeconomic forces, which may continue to have an impact on global trade and result in inflation or economic instability. Present conditions and the state of the U.S. and global economies make it difficult to predict whether and/or to what extent a recession will occur in the near future. Any such recession would negatively impact the businesses in which we invest and our business. These impacts may include: • severe declines in the market price of our securities or net asset value; • inability of the Company to accurately or reliably value its portfolio; • inability of the Company to comply with certain asset coverage ratios that would prevent the Company from paying dividends to our shareholders and that could result breaches of covenants or events of default under our credit agreement or debt indentures; • inability of the Company to pay any dividends and distributions or service its debt; • inability of the Company to maintain its status as a RIC under the Code; • declines in the value of our investments; • increased risk of default or bankruptcy by the companies in which we invest; 27 • increased risk of companies in which we invest being unable to weather an extended cessation of normal economic activity and thereby impairing their ability to continue functioning as a going concern; • limited availability of new investment opportunities; • inability for us to replace our existing leverage when it becomes due or replace it on terms as favorable as our existing leverage; and • general threats to the Company’s ability to continue investment operations and to operate successfully as a BDC. In addition, economic problems in a single country are increasingly affecting other markets and economies. A continuation of this trend could adversely affect global economic conditions and world markets and, in turn, could adversely affect the Company’s performance. Any of the foregoing events could result in substantial or total losses to the Company in respect of certain investments, which losses will likely be exacerbated by the presence of leverage in a portfolio company’s capital structure. We are subject to risks related to inflation. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Inflation rates may change frequently and significantly as a result of various factors, including unexpected shifts in the domestic or global economy and changes in economic policies, and the Company’s investments may not keep pace with inflation, which may result in losses to shareholders. Periods of elevated inflation and high interest rates, such as those experienced in recent years, can contribute to significant volatility in debt and equity markets. If inflation increases, the real value of our shares and dividends therefore may decline. In addition, during any periods of rising inflation, interest rates of any debt securities issued by the Company would likely increase, which would tend to further reduce returns to shareholders. This risk is greater for fixed-income instruments with longer maturities. Although inflation generally decelerated and stabilized throughout 2024 and 2025 due to central bank monetary tightening, including maintaining elevated interest rates, it remains above target levels set by central banks, including the Federal Reserve. Until September 2025, the Federal Reserve had held interest rates steady in 2025. Despite the interest rate reductions in the third and fourth quarters of 2025, rates remain elevated relative to the interest rate environment prior to the inflationary spike in 2022-2023. Capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. Such market conditions may materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the U.S. and abroad, which may have a negative impact on our business and operations. From time to time, capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability, which may be evidenced by a lack of liquidity in debt capital markets, write-offs in the financial services sector, re-pricing of credit risk and failure of certain major financial institutions. Equity capital may be difficult to raise because, subject to some limited exceptions, as a BDC, we are generally not able to issue additional shares of common stock at a price less than net asset value without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our shareholders and our independent directors. We generally seek approval from our shareholders so that we have the flexibility to issue up to 25% of our then outstanding shares of our common stock immediately prior to any such sale at a price below net asset value, but in some years we may not obtain such approval. In addition, our ability to incur indebtedness (including by issuing preferred stock) is limited by applicable regulations such that our asset coverage ratio, as calculated in accordance with the 1940 Act, must equal at least 150% immediately after each time we incur indebtedness. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than our current leverage, due to higher inflation that is still cooling or that may increase again. Any inability to raise capital could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Market conditions may in the future make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business.  The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience. Further, if we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if required. As a result, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity) In addition, significant changes in the capital 28 markets, including disruption and volatility, have had, and may in the future have, a negative effect on the valuations of our investments and on the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. An inability to raise capital, and any required sale of our investments for liquidity purposes, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. and global capital markets are subject to systemic risk that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Issuers, national and regional banks, financial institutions and other participants in the U.S. and global capital markets are closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing, technology and other relationships. A significant adverse development (such as a bank run, insolvency, bankruptcy or default) with one or more national or regional banks, financial institutions or other participants in the financial or capital markets may spread to others and lead to significant concentrated or market-wide problems (such as defaults, liquidity problems, impairment charges, additional bank runs and/or losses) for other participants in these markets. Future developments, including actions taken by the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC, Federal Reserve Board, and systemic risk in the U.S. and global banking sectors and broader economies in general, are difficult to assess and quantify, and the form and magnitude of such developments or other actions of the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board may remain unknown for significant periods of time and could have an adverse effect on the Company. For example, the financial markets recently experienced volatility in connection with concerns that some banks, especially small and regional banks, may have significant investment-related losses that might make it difficult to fund demands to withdraw deposits and other liquidity needs. This and similar developments could in the future lead to further rules and regulations for public companies, banks, financial institutions and other participants in the U.S. and global capital markets, including business development companies such as us, and complying with the requirements of any such rules or regulations may be burdensome. Even if not adopted, evaluating and responding to any such proposed rules or regulations could results in increased costs and require significant attention from our Advisor. Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized depreciation. Pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Company's Board of Directors designated the Advisor as the Company’s valuation designee (the “Valuation Designee”) to perform certain fair value functions, including performing fair value determinations (see Note 2 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for further information). As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by the Valuation Designee. Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments are recorded as unrealized depreciation, which reduces our net asset value. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in legal, tax and regulatory regimes could negatively impact our business, financial condition and earnings. Changes enacted by the current or a future presidential administration could significantly impact the regulation of financial markets in the U.S. Areas subject to potential change, amendment or repeal include trade and foreign policy, corporate tax rates, energy and infrastructure policies, the environment and sustainability, criminal and social justice initiatives, immigration, healthcare and the oversight of certain federal financial regulatory agencies and the Federal Reserve. Certain of these changes can be, and have been, effectuated through executive order. It is not possible to predict which, if any, actions will be taken or, if taken, their effect on the economy, securities markets or the financial stability of the U.S. The Company may be affected by governmental action in ways that are not foreseeable, and there is a possibility that such actions could have a significant adverse effect on the Company and its ability to achieve its investment objective. Additional risks arising from the differences in expressed policy preferences among the various constituencies in the branches of the U.S. government has led in the past, and may lead in the future, to short-term or prolonged policy impasses, which could, and has, resulted in shutdowns of the U.S. federal government. U.S. federal government shutdowns, especially prolonged shutdowns, could have a significant adverse impact on the economy in general and could impair the ability of issuers to raise capital in the securities markets. Any of these effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the rules dealing with the U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. The effect of any changes to such rules is uncertain, both in terms of the direct effect on the taxation of an investment in the Company’s shares and their indirect effect on the value of the Company’s assets, the Company’s shares or market conditions generally. 29 Tariffs may adversely affect us or our portfolio companies. The current United States administration has threatened or imposed tariffs on certain imports from a number of countries, including China. Tariffs and international trade arrangements may continue to change, potentially without warning and to an extent that is difficult to predict. Existing or new tariffs imposed on foreign goods imported by the United States or on U.S. goods imported by foreign countries could subject us or our portfolio companies to additional risks. Among other effects, tariffs may increase the cost of production for certain of our portfolio companies or reduce demand for their products, which could affect the results of their operations, and may cause a general economic slowdown or recession. We cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any tariff or other trade protections may affect us, our portfolio companies or the economy. Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments which could have an adverse eff ect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our debt investments are generally based on floating rates, such as EURIBOR, SOFR, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate. General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on our investments, the value of our common stock and our rate of return on invested capital. If interest rates rise, the cost of borrowing for the companies in which we invest will increase and may make them less profitable, which generally would decrease the value of our investments in them. In addition, although we generally expect to invest a limited percentage of our assets in instruments with a fixed interest rate, including subordinated loans, senior and junior secured and unsecured debt securities and loans in high yield bonds, an increase in interest rates could decrease the value of those fixed rate investments. Rising interest rates may also increase the cost of debt for our underlying portfolio companies, which could adversely impact their financial performance and ability to meet ongoing obligations to the Company. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our dividend rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates typically leads to a higher rate of prepayments by borrowers. Accordingly, a decrease in interest rates may result in our reinvestment of the prepayment proceeds at lower rates of return than the return on the investments that were prepaid. A decrease in interest rates could lead to loans generating lower returns for us for the same level of risk. We may therefore be required to invest in riskier loans to achieve the same level of returns. Because we have borrowed money, and may issue preferred stock to finance investments, our net investment income depends, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds or pay dividends on preferred stock and the rate that our investments yield. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. During periods of high interest rates, our cost of funds may increase except to the extent we have issued fixed rate debt or preferred stock, which could reduce our net investment income. You should also be aware that a change in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to a change in the interest rate we receive on many of our debt investments. Accordingly, a change in the interest rate could make it easier for us to meet or exceed the performance threshold and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of Incentive Fees payable to our Advisor with respect to the portion of the Incentive Fee based on income. We are sub ject to risks associated with artificial intelligence and machine learning technology. Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning technology pose risks to our Company and our portfolio investments. These advancements could harm our Company and our portfolio investments by reducing the demand for both the technology and software offerings of our portfolio investments. Additionally, these advancements could significantly disrupt our portfolio investments and subject them to increased competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, artificial intelligence and machine learning technology advancements, including efficiency improvements, without related increases in the adoption and development of such technologies, could also negatively impact demand for, and the valuation of, digital infrastructure assets. Our Company and our portfolio investments could be exposed to the risks of artificial intelligence and machine learning technology if third-party service providers or any counterparties, whether or not known to our Company, also use artificial intelligence and machine learning technology in their business activities. We and our portfolio companies may not be in a position to control the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technology in third-party products or services. Use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technology could include the input of confidential information in contravention of applicable policies, contractual or other obligations or restrictions, resulting in such confidential information becoming part accessible by other third-party artificial intelligence and machine learning technology applications and users. 30 Independent of its context of use, artificial intelligence and machine learning technology is generally highly reliant on the collection and analysis of large amounts of data, and it is not possible or practicable to incorporate all relevant data into the model that artificial intelligence and machine learning technology utilizes to operate. Certain data in such models will inevitably contain a degree of inaccuracy and error—potentially materially so—and could otherwise be inadequate or flawed, which would be likely to degrade the effectiveness of artificial intelligence and machine learning technology. To the extent that we or our portfolio investments are exposed to the risks of artificial intelligence and machine learning technology use, any such inaccuracies or errors could have adverse impacts on our Company or our investments. Regulations related to artificial intelligence and machine learning technology could also impose certain obligations and costs related to monitoring and compliance. For example, in April 2023, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Department of Justice, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission released a joint statement on artificial intelligence demonstrating interest in monitoring the development and use of automated systems and enforcement of their respective laws and regulations. In October 2023, an executive order established new standards for AI safety and security. In addition to the U.S. regulatory framework, in 2024, the EU adopted the Artificial Intelligence Act in 2024, which applies to certain artificial intelligence and machine learning technology and the data used to train, test and deploy them, which may create additional compliance burdens, higher administrative costs and significant penalties should the Company, the Advisor and our portfolio companies fail to comply. Artificial intelligence and machine learning technology and its applications, including in the private investment and financial sectors, continue to develop rapidly, and it is impossible to predict the future risks that may arise from such developments. The full extent of current or future risks related thereto is not possible to predict and we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, mitigate or remediate all of the potential risks, challenges or impacts of such changes. We may not replicate the historical performance of other investment companies and funds with which our investment professionals have been affiliated. The 1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the investment activities of BDCs. For example, BDCs are required to invest at least 70% of their total assets primarily in securities of U.S. private companies or thinly traded public companies (public companies with a market capitalization of less than $250 million), cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. These constraints may hinder our Advisor’s ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objectives. In addition, the investment philosophy and techniques used by our Advisor may differ from those used by other investment companies and funds advised by our Advisor. Accordingly, we can offer no assurance that we will replicate the historical performance of other investment companies and funds with which our investment professionals have been affiliated, and we caution that our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by such other companies. We are not managed by BlackRock, but rather one of its subsidiaries and may not replicate the success of that entity or BlackRock. Our investment strategies differ from those of BlackRock or its affiliates. As a BDC, we are subject to certain investment restrictions that do not apply to BlackRock. Our performance may be lower or higher than the performance of other entities managed by BlackRock or its affiliates and their past performance is no guarantee of our future results. 31 Our business model depends upon the development and maintenance of strong referral relationships with other asset managers and investment banking firms. We are substantially dependent on our informal relationships, which we use to help identify and gain access to investment opportunities. If we fail to maintain our relationships with key firms, or if we fail to establish strong referral relationships with other firms or other sources of investment opportunities, we will not be able to grow our portfolio of investments and achieve our investment objective. In addition, persons with whom we have informal relationships are not obligated to inform us of investment opportunities, and therefore such relationships may not lead to the origination of equity or other investments. Any loss or diminishment of such relationships could effectively reduce our ability to identify attractive portfolio companies that meet our investment criteria, either for direct investments or for investments through private secondary market transactions or other secondary transactions. The Advisor’s liability is limited under the investment management agreement, and we are required to indemnify the Advisor against certain liabilities, which may lead the Advisor to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. The Advisor has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the investment management agreement, and it will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Directors in declining to follow the Advisor’s advice or recommendations. Pursuant to the investment management agreement, the Advisor and its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other person or entity affiliated with it will not be liable to us for their acts under the investment management agreement, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties. We have agreed to indemnify, defend and protect the Advisor and its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other person or entity affiliated with it with respect to all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses resulting from acts of the Advisor not arising out of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties under the investment management agreement. These protections may lead the Advisor to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. We may suffer credit losses. Investment in middle-market companies is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk of credit loss, and therefore our securities may not be suitable for someone with a low tolerance for risk. These risks are likely to increase during an economic recession. Our use of borrowed funds, including under the Leverage Program, to make investments exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage. The Company borrows money, both directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries. As a result: • our common stock is exposed to incremental risk of loss and a decrease in the value of our investments would have a greater negative impact on the value of our common stock than if we did not use leverage; • adverse changes in interest rates could reduce or eliminate the incremental income we make with the proceeds of leverage; • we, and indirectly our common shareholders, bear the entire cost of issuing and paying interest or dividends on any borrowed funds issued by us or our subsidiaries; and • our ability to pay dividends on our common stock will be restricted if our asset coverage ratio is not at least 150% and any amounts used to service indebtedness would not be available for such dividends. The use of leverage creates increased risk of loss and is considered a speculative investment technique. The use of leverage magnifies the potential gains and losses from an investment and increases the risk of loss of capital. To the extent that income derived by us from investments purchased with borrowed funds is greater than the cost of borrowing, our net income will be greater than if borrowing had not been used. Conversely, if the income from investments purchased from these sources is not sufficient to cover the cost of the leverage, our net investment income will be less than if leverage had not been used, and the amount available for ultimate distribution to the holders of common stock will be reduced. The extent to which the gains and losses associated with leveraged investing are increased will generally depend on the degree of leverage employed. We may, under some circumstances, be required to dispose of investments under unfavorable market conditions in order to maintain our leverage, thus causing us to recognize a loss that might not otherwise have occurred. In the event of a sale of investments upon default under our borrowing arrangements, secured creditors will be contractually entitled to direct such sales and may be expected to do so in their interest, rather than in the interests of the holders of common stock. Holders of common stock will incur losses if the proceeds from a sale in any of the foregoing circumstances are insufficient, after payment in full of amounts due and payable on leverage, including administrative expenses, to repay such holders investments in our common stock. As a result, you could experience a total loss of your investment. Any decrease in our revenue would cause our net income to decline more than it would have had we not borrowed funds and could negatively affect our ability to make distributions on our common stock. The ability to service any debt that we have or may have outstanding depends largely on our financial performance and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. There is no limitation on the percentage of 32 portfolio investments that can be pledged to secure borrowings. The amount of leverage that we employ at any particular time will depend on our Advisor’s and our Board of Director’s assessments of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. In addition to regulatory restrictions that restrict our ability to raise capital, the Leverage Program contains various covenants which, if not complied with, could accelerate repayment under the Operating Facility, Funding Facility II and the Merger Sub Facility (collectively, the “Credit Facilities”), thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Under the Leverage Program, we must comply with certain financial and operational covenants. These covenants include: • restrictions on the level of indebtedness that we are permitted to incur in relation to the value of our assets; • restrictions on our ability to make distributions and other restricted payments under certain circumstances; • restrictions on extraordinary events, such as mergers, consolidation and sales of assets; • restrictions on our ability to incur liens and incur indebtedness; and • maintenance of a minimum level of stockholders’ equity. In addition, by limiting the circumstances in which borrowings may occur under the Credit Facilities, the credit agreements related to such facilities (the “Credit Agreements”) in effect provide for various asset coverage, credit quality and diversification limitations on our investments. Such limitations may cause us to be unable to make or retain certain potentially attractive investments or to be forced to sell investments at an inappropriate time and consequently impair our profitability or increase losses or result in adverse tax consequences. As of February 27, 2026, we were in compliance with these covenants. However our continued compliance with these covenants depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, there are no assurances that we will continue to comply with the covenants in the Credit Agreements. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in a default under our debt arrangements which, if we were unable to obtain a waiver from the applicable creditors, would enable the applicable creditors to accelerate outstanding balances under our debt and terminate their commitments to lend to us. This would be expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations and place limitations on our operational flexibility. The Operating Facility also has certain “key man” provisions. For example, it is an event of default if the Advisor is controlled by any person or group other than (i) BlackRock, Inc. or a wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. or (ii) any two of the listed individuals (or any replacement manager or individual reasonably acceptable to the administrative agent and approved by the required lenders), provided that if the Advisor is no longer under the control of at least two of such four individuals (or their previously approved replacements) through an event resulting in the death or disability of such individuals, the Advisor has 60 calendar days to replace such individuals with other managers or individuals reasonably acceptable to the administrative agent and approved by the required lenders, provided further that a default (but not an event of default) shall be deemed to exist during such period. The Funding Facility II matures on July 31, 2029, subject to extension by the lender at the request of TCPC Funding II, the Merger Sub Facility matures on September 6, 2028, and the Operating Facility matures on August 1, 2029, subject to extension by the lenders at the request of SVCP. Any inability to renew, extend or replace the Funding Facility II, the Merger Sub Facility and/or the Operating Facility could adversely impact our liquidity and ability to find new investments or maintain distributions to our shareholders. Funding Facility II matures on July 31, 2029, subject to extension by the lender at the request of TCPC Funding II. Borrowings under the Funding Facility II generally bear interest at a rate of SOFR, plus a margin of 2.00%, subject to certain funding requirements, plus an administrative fee of 0.15% per annum. The Merger Sub Facility matures on September 6, 2028. Borrowings under the Merger Sub Facility generally bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10%, plus a margin equal to either 1.75% or 2.00%, depending on a ratio of the borrowing base to the facility commitments, subject to certain limitations. The Operating Facility matures on August 1, 2029, subject to extension by the lenders at the request of SVCP. Borrowings under the Operating Facility generally bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10% for one month contracts and 0.15% for three month contracts, respectively, plus a margin equal to either 1.75% or 2.00%, depending on a ratio of the borrowing base to the facility commitments, subject to certain limitations. We do not currently know whether we will renew, extend or replace the Credit Facilities upon their maturities or whether we will be able to do so on terms that are as favorable as the Credit Facilities. In addition, we will be required to liquidate assets to repay amounts due under the Credit Facilities if we do not renew, extend or replace the Credit Facilities prior to their respective maturities. 33 Upon the termination of the Credit Facilities, there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into a replacement facility on terms that are as favorable to us, if at all. Our ability to replace the Credit Facilities may be constrained by then-current economic conditions affecting the credit markets. In the event that we are not able to replace the Credit Facilities at the time of their maturity, this could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to fund new investments, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders and our ability to qualify as a RIC. The creditors under the Credit Facilities have a first claim on all of the Company’s assets included in the collateral for the respective facilities. Lenders have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common shareholders. Substantially all of our current assets have been pledged as collateral under the Credit Facilities. If an event of default occurs under any of the Credit Facilities, the respective lenders would be permitted to accelerate amounts due under the respective facilities and liquidate our assets to pay off amounts owed under the respective facilities and limitations would be imposed on us with respect to the purchase or sale of investments. Such limitations may cause us to be unable to make or retain certain potentially attractive investments or to be forced to sell investments at an inappropriate time and consequently impair our profitability or increase our losses or result in adverse tax consequences. In the event of the dissolution of the Company or otherwise, if the proceeds of the Company’s assets (after payment in full of obligations to any such debtors) are insufficient to repay capital invested in us by the holders of the common stock, no other assets will be available for the payment of any deficiency. None of our Board of Directors, the Advisor or any of their respective affiliates, have any liability for the repayment of capital contributions made to the Company by the holders of common stock. Holders of common stock could experience a total loss of their investment in the Company. Lenders under the Operating Facility may have a veto power over the Company’s investment policies. If a default has occurred under the Operating Facility, the lenders under the Operating Facility may veto changes in investment policies. The Operating Facility and the Merger Sub Facility also has certain limitations on unusual types of investments such as commodities, real estate and speculative derivatives, which are not part of the Company’s investment strategy or policies in any event. The SBIC may be unable to make distributions to us that will enable us to meet or maintain RIC status, which could result in the imposition of an entity-level tax. In order for us to continue to qualify for RIC tax treatment and to minimize corporate-level taxes, we will be required to distribute substantially all of our net ordinary income and net capital gain income, including income from certain of our subsidiaries, which includes the income from the SBIC. We will be partially dependent on the SBIC for cash distributions to enable us to meet the RIC distribution requirements. The SBIC may be limited by the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, and SBA regulations governing SBICs, from making certain distributions to us that may be necessary to enable us to maintain our status as a RIC. We may have to request a waiver of the SBA’s restrictions for the SBIC to make certain distributions to maintain our eligibility for RIC status. We cannot assure you that the SBA will grant such a waiver and if the SBIC is unable to obtain a waiver, compliance with the SBA regulations may result in loss of RIC tax treatment and a consequent imposition of an entity-level tax on us. The SBIC is subject to SBA regulations, and any failure to comply with SBA regulations could have an adverse effect on our operations. On April 22, 2014, the SBIC received an SBIC license from the SBA. The SBIC license allows the SBIC to obtain leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures, subject to the issuance of a capital commitment by the SBA and other customary procedures. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse, interest only debentures with interest payable semi-annually and have a ten year maturity. The principal amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures is not required to be paid prior to maturity but may be prepaid at any time without penalty. The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed on a semi-annual basis at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with 10-year maturities. The SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to the SBIC’s assets over our shareholders in the event we liquidate the SBIC or the SBA exercises its remedies under the SBA-guaranteed debentures issued by the SBIC upon an event of default. Under current SBA regulations, a licensed SBIC can provide capital to those entities that have a tangible net worth not exceeding $24 million and an average annual net income after Federal income taxes not exceeding $8.0 million for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, a licensed SBIC must devote 25% of its investment activity to those entities that have a tangible net worth not exceeding $6.0 million and an average annual net income after Federal income taxes not exceeding $2.0 million for the two most recent fiscal years. The SBA regulations also provide alternative size standard criteria to determine eligibility, which depend on the industry in which the business is engaged and are based on factors such as the number of employees and gross sales. The SBA regulations permit licensed SBICs to make long term loans to small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting 34 and advisory services. The SBA also places certain limitations on the financing terms of investments by SBICs in portfolio companies and prohibits SBICs from providing funds for certain purposes or to businesses in a few prohibited industries. Compliance with SBA requirements may cause the SBIC to forego attractive investment opportunities that are not permitted under SBA regulations. Further, the SBA regulations require that a licensed SBIC be periodically examined and audited by the SBA to determine its compliance with the relevant SBA regulations. The SBA prohibits, without prior SBA approval, a “change of control” of an SBIC or any transfers of the capital stock of a licensed SBIC. If the SBIC fails to comply with applicable SBA regulations, the SBA could, depending on the severity of the violation, limit or prohibit its use of debentures, declare outstanding debentures immediately due and payable, and/or limit it from making new investments. In addition, the SBA can revoke or suspend a license for willful or repeated violation of, or willful or repeated failure to observe, any provision of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder. The Advisor, as the SBIC’s investment adviser, does not have any previous experience managing an SBIC. Its limited experience in complying with SBA regulations may hinder its ability to take advantage of the SBIC’s access to SBA-guaranteed debentures. Any failure to comply with SBA regulations could have an adverse effect on our operations. SBA regulations limit the outstanding dollar amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures that may be issued by an SBIC or group of SBICs under common control. The SBA regulations currently limit the dollar amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures that can be issued by any one SBIC to $175.0 million or to a group of SBICs under common control to $350.0 million. An SBIC may not borrow an amount in excess of two times (and in certain cases, up to three times) its regulatory capital. As of December 31, 2025, the SBIC had $111.2 million in SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. If we reach the maximum dollar amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures permitted, and if we require additional capital, our cost of capital may increase, and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms. Moreover, the current status of the SBIC as an SBIC does not automatically assure that the SBIC will continue to receive SBA-guaranteed debenture funding. Receipt of SBA leverage funding is dependent upon the SBIC continuing to be in compliance with SBA regulations and policies and available SBA funding. The amount of SBA leverage funding available to SBICs is dependent upon annual Congressional authorizations and in the future may be subject to annual Congressional appropriations. There can be no assurance that there will be sufficient debenture funding available at the times desired by the SBIC. The debentures guaranteed by the SBA have a maturity of ten years and require semi-annual payments of interest. The SBIC will need to generate sufficient cash flow to make required interest payments on the debentures. If the SBIC is unable to meet their financial obligations under the debentures, the SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to the SBIC’s assets over our shareholders in the event we liquidate the SBIC or the SBA exercises its remedies under such debentures as the result of a default by us. The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. Most of our investments will involve private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in private securities, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to certain potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately yield funding obligations that must be satisfied through our return of certain distributions previously made to us. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company is not aware of any contingent liabilities. Incurring additional indebtedness could increase the risk in investing in shares of our common stock. As a BDC regulated under the 1940 Act, we are generally required to maintain a certain asset coverage for senior securities representing indebtedness (i.e., debt) or stock (i.e., preferred stock). Following receipt of the necessary shareholder and Board approvals, effective February 9, 2019, the minimum asset coverage ratio requirement was reduced from 200% to 150%, pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the Small Business Credit Availability Act (the "SBCAA") (i.e., from a 1:1 debt to equity ratio to a 2:1 debt to equity ratio). Therefore, we may be able to issue an increased amount of senior securities and incur additional indebtedness in the future and, therefore, your risk of an investment in shares of our common stock may increase. If our asset coverage falls below the required limit, we will not be able to incur additional debt until we are able to comply with the asset coverage applicable to us. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we may not be able to make distributions to shareholders. The actual amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our and our Board of Directors’ assessment of market 35 and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us. We have indebtedness outstanding pursuant to the Leverage Program and expect, in the future, to borrow additional amounts under the Credit Facilities and may increase the size of the Credit Facilities or enter into other borrowing arrangements. In the case of a liquidation event, those lenders would receive proceeds before our shareholders. In addition, borrowings, also known as leverage, magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and, therefore, increase the risks associated with investing in our common stock. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the net asset value attributable to our common stock to increase more than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause the net asset value attributable to our common stock to decline more than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any increase in our revenue in excess of interest expense on our borrowed funds would cause our net income to increase more than it would without the leverage. Any decrease in our revenue would cause our net income to decline more than it would have had we not borrowed funds and could negatively affect our ability to make distributions on our common stock. Our ability to service any debt that we incur depends largely on our financial performance and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. Illustration. The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing below. The calculation is based on our level of leverage at December 31, 2025, which represented borrowings equal to 63.1% of our total assets. On such date, we also had $1,650.4 million in total assets; $1,533.3 million in total investments; an average cost of funds of 4.90% based on contractual terms at December 31, 2025; $1,040.8 million aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding; and $598.0 million of total net assets. In order to compute the “Corresponding Return to Common Shareholders,” the “Assumed Return on Portfolio (Net of Expenses Other than Interest)” is multiplied by the total value of our investment portfolio at December 31, 2025 to obtain an assumed return to us. From this amount, interest expense (calculated by multiplying the weighted-average interest rate of 4.90% by the $1,040.8 million of debt) is subtracted to determine the return available to shareholders. The return available to shareholders is then divided by the total value of our net assets at December 31, 2025 to determine the “Corresponding Return to Common Shareholders.” Actual interest payments may vary. Assumed Return on Portfolio (Net of Expenses Other than Interest) (10 )% (5 )% — % 5 % 10 % Corresponding Return to Common Shareholders ( 34 )% ( 21 )% ( 9 )% 4 % 17 % The assumed portfolio return in the table is based on SEC regulations and is not a prediction of, and does not represent, our projected or actual performance. The table also assumes that we will maintain a constant level of leverage. The amount of leverage that we use will vary from time to time. The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. We make investments in private companies. A portion of these investments may be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale, transfer, pledge or other disposition or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. In addition, we face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a business entity to the extent that we or the Advisor has or could be deemed to have material non-public information regarding such business entity. A substantial portion of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined using a consistently applied valuation process in accordance with our documented valuation policy that has been reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors and, as a result, there may be uncertainty regarding the value of our portfolio investments. The debt and equity investments that we make for which market quotations are not readily available will be valued at fair value as determined using a consistently applied valuation process in accordance with our documented valuation policy that has been reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors. The Valuation Designee approves in good faith the valuation of such securities. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if determinations regarding the fair value of these investments were materially higher than the values ultimately realized upon the disposal of such investments. 36 Our use of borrowed funds to make investments exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage. We borrow money and may issue additional debt securities or preferred stock to leverage our capital structure. As a result: • our common stock is exposed to incremental risk of loss and a decrease in the value of our investments would have a greater negative impact on the value of our common stock than if we did not use leverage; • adverse changes in interest rates could reduce or eliminate the incremental income we make with the proceeds of any leverage; • such securities are governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility; • we, and indirectly our shareholders, bear the cost of issuing and paying interest or making distributions on such securities; • any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock; and • our ability to make distributions on our common stock will be restricted if our asset coverage ratio is not at least 150% and any amounts used to service indebtedness or preferred stock may not be available for such distributions. A portion of our distributions to shareholders may include a return of shareholder capital. We intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our shareholders out of assets legally available for distribution. A portion of such distributions may include a return of shareholder capital. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits are considered non-taxable distributions and serve to reduce the basis of our shares in the hands of the shareholders rather than being currently taxable, and as a result of the reduction of the basis of our shares, shareholders may incur additional capital gains taxes or may have lower capital losses. We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. In accordance with U.S. GAAP and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. The increases in loan balances as a result of contracted PIK arrangements are included in income for the period in which such PIK interest was received, which is often in advance of receiving cash payment. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash. Any warrants that we receive in connection with our debt investments are generally valued as part of the negotiation process with the particular portfolio company. As a result, a portion of the aggregate purchase price for the debt investments and warrants are allocated to the warrants that we receive. This will generally result in “original issue discount,” or OID, for tax purposes, which we must recognize as ordinary income, increasing the amounts we are required to distribute to qualify for the federal income tax benefits applicable to RICs. Because such original issue discount income would not be accompanied by cash, we would need to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy such distribution requirements. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy such distribution requirements, we may fail to qualify for favorable tax treatment as a RIC and, thus, could become subject to a corporate-level income tax on all of our income. Other features of the debt instruments that we hold may also cause such instruments to generate original issue discount, resulting in a distribution requirement in excess of current cash received. Similarly, newly enacted tax legislation contains rules that may in certain other circumstances require the recognition of non-cash taxable income or may limit the deductibility of certain of our cash expenses. Since in certain cases we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income or may be subject to limitations on the deductibility of cash expenses, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. If we are unable to meet these distribution requirements, we will not qualify for favorable tax treatment as a RIC or, even if such distribution requirements are satisfied, we may be subject to tax on the amount that is undistributed. Accordingly, we may have to sell some of our assets, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements and avoid tax. To the extent OID and PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash representing such income. Our investments may include OID instruments and PIK interest arrangements, which represents contractual interest added to a loan balance and due at the end of such loan’s term. To the extent OID or PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we are exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: 37 • The higher interest rates of OID and PIK instruments reflect the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and OID and PIK instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans. • Even if the accounting conditions for income accrual are met, the borrower could still default when our actual collection is supposed to occur at the maturity of the obligation. • OID and PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral. OID and PIK income may also create uncertainty about the source of our cash distributions. • For accounting purposes, any cash distributions to shareholders representing OID and PIK income are not treated as coming from paid-in capital, even if the cash to pay them comes from offering proceeds. As a result, despite the fact that a distribution representing OID and PIK income could be paid out of amounts invested by our shareholders, the 1940 Act does not require that shareholders be given notice of this fact by reporting it as a return of capital. • PIK interest has the effect of generating investment income at a compounding rate, thereby further increasing the Incentive Fees payable to the Advisor. Similarly, all things being equal, the deferral associated with PIK interest also decreases the loan-to-value ratio at a compounding rate. Any unrealized losses we experience on our investment portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments will be recorded as unrealized depreciation. Any unrealized losses in our investment portfolio could be an indication of a portfolio company’s inability to meet its repayment obligations to us with respect to the affected investments. This could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our income available for distribution in future periods. We may be unable to realize the benefits anticipated by the Merger, including estimated cost savings, or it may take longer than anticipated to achieve such benefits. The realization of certain benefits anticipated as a result of the Merger will depend in part on our ability to realize estimated cost savings. It is possible that our estimates of the potential Merger-related cost savings ultimately could be incorrect. If our estimates turn out to be incorrect, the anticipated cost savings may not be fully realized or realized at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Our Advisor and its affiliates and employees may have certain conflicts of interest. As a global provider of investment management, risk management and advisory services to institutional and retail clients, BlackRock, the Advisor and their respective affiliates (for purposes of this discussion of potential conflicts, the “BlackRock Entities”), engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including sponsoring and managing a variety of public and private investment funds, funds of funds and separate accounts across fixed income, liquidity, equity, alternative investment and real estate strategies; providing financial advisory services; providing technology infrastructure and analytics under the BlackRock Solutions® brand and engaging in certain broker-dealer activities and other activities. Although the relationships and activities of the BlackRock Entities should help enable these entities to offer attractive opportunities and services to the Company, such relationships and activities create certain inherent actual and potential conflicts of interest. In the ordinary course of business, the BlackRock Entities engage in activities where their interests or the interests of their clients may conflict with the interests of the Company, certain investors or a group of investors, or the Company’s investments. The following discussion enumerates certain potential and actual conflicts of interest. Allocation of Investment Opportunities . The BlackRock Entities manage and advise numerous accounts for clients around the world, such as registered and unregistered funds and owners of separately managed accounts (collectively, “Client Accounts”). Client Accounts include funds and accounts in which the BlackRock Entities or their personnel have an interest (“BlackRock Accounts”). Certain of these Client Accounts have investment objectives, and utilize investment strategies, that are similar to the Company’s. As a result, certain investments may be appropriate for the Company and also for other Client Accounts. The BlackRock Entities’ allocation of investment opportunities among various Client Accounts presents inherent potential and actual conflicts of interest, particularly where an investment opportunity is limited. These potential conflicts are exacerbated in situations where BlackRock is entitled to higher fees and incentive compensation from certain Client Accounts than from other Client Accounts (including the Company), where the portfolio managers making an allocation decision are entitled to an incentive fee, carried interest or other similar compensation from such other Client Accounts, or where there are differences in proprietary investments in the Company and other Client Accounts. The prospect of achieving higher compensation or greater investment return from another investment vehicle or separate account than from the Company provides incentives for the Advisor or other BlackRock Entities to favor the other investment vehicle or separate account over the 38 Company when, for example, allocating investment opportunities that the Advisor believes could result in favorable performance. It is the policy of BlackRock not to make decisions based on the foregoing interests or greater fees or compensation. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of our outstanding voting securities or is managed by the Advisor will generally be an affiliate of the Company for purposes of the 1940 Act and the Company is generally prohibited from participating in certain transactions such as co-investing with, or buying or selling any security from or to, such affiliate, absent the prior approval of the Independent Directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. However, the Advisor and the funds managed by the Advisor have received an order providing an exemption from certain SEC regulations prohibiting transactions with affiliates (the “Order”). The Order requires that certain procedures be followed prior to making an investment subject to the Order and such procedures could in certain circumstances adversely affect the price paid or received by the Company or the availability or size of the position purchased or sold by the Company. The Advisor may also face conflicts of interest in making investments pursuant to the Order. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain “joint” transactions with certain of the Company’s affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of the Independent Directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. The Company is prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person who owns more than 25% of the Company’s voting securities and from or to certain of that person’s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC (other than certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance). The analysis of whether a particular transaction constitutes a joint transaction requires a review of the relevant facts and circumstances relating to the particular transaction. Similar restrictions limit the Company’s ability to transact business with its officers or directors or their affiliates. To address actual and potential conflicts associated with allocation of investments, BlackRock has developed an investment allocation policy (the “Investment Allocation Policy”) and related guidelines. In addition, certain BlackRock Entities and business units have supplemental allocation policies for making allocation decisions among Client Accounts managed by such BlackRock Entities (together with the Investment Allocation Policy and related guidelines, the “Allocation Policy”). The Allocation Policy is intended to ensure that investment opportunities are allocated on a fair and equitable basis among Client Accounts over time, taking into account various factors including the Client Account’s investment objective, guidelines and restrictions and other portfolio construction considerations; available capital and liquidity needs; tax, regulatory and contractual considerations; risk or investment concentration parameters; supply or demand for a security at a given price level; size of available investment; unfunded capital commitments or cash availability and liquidity requirements; leverage limitations; regulatory restrictions; contractual restrictions (including with other clients); minimum investment size; relative size; and such other factors as may be relevant to a particular transaction or Client Account. The BlackRock Entities reserve the right to allocate investment opportunities appropriate for the investment objectives of the Company and other Client Accounts in any other manner deemed fair and equitable by the BlackRock Entities consistent with the Allocation Policy, the Order and applicable law. The application of the Allocation Policy, the Order and the foregoing considerations may result in a particular Client Account, including the Company, not receiving an allocation of an investment opportunity that has been allocated to other Client Accounts following the same or similar strategy, or receiving a smaller allocation than other Client Accounts or an allocation on an other than pro rata basis. Furthermore, as the investment programs of the Company and the other applicable Client Accounts change and develop over time, additional issues and considerations may affect the Allocation Policy and the expectations of the BlackRock Entities with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities to the Company and other Client Accounts. BlackRock and the Advisor reserve the right to change the Allocation Policy and guidelines relating thereto from time to time without the consent of or notice to shareholders, subject to the disclosure requirements of applicable law. As a general matter, it is expected the Company will participate in investments deemed appropriate for the Company’s strategy and either sourced by the investment personnel directly responsible for managing the Company (though investments sourced by such personnel may also be allocated to other Client Accounts that may be managed by other investment teams) or made available for investment by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Order. Allocation of Expenses . Side-by-side management by the BlackRock Entities of the Company and Client Accounts raises other potential and actual conflicts of interest, including those associated with allocating expenses attributable to the Company and one or more other Client Accounts. The Advisor and its affiliates will attempt to make such allocations on a basis that they consider to be fair and equitable to the Company under the circumstances over time and considering such factors as it deems relevant. The allocations of such expenses may not be proportional, and any such determinations involve inherent matters of discretion, e.g., in determining whether to allocate pro rata based on number of Client Accounts or proportionately in accordance with asset size, or in certain circumstances determining whether a particular expense has a greater benefit to the Company, other Client Accounts or the Advisor and/or its affiliates. Activities of Other Client Accounts . The BlackRock Entities will, from time to time, be actively engaged in transactions on behalf of other Client Accounts in the same investments, securities, derivatives and other instruments in which the Company will directly or indirectly invest. Trading for certain other Client Accounts is carried out without reference to positions held directly or indirectly by the 39 Company and may have an effect on the value or liquidity of the positions so held or may result in another Client Account having an interest in an issuer adverse to that of the Company. Under certain circumstances and subject to the Order and applicable law, the Company may invest directly or indirectly in a transaction in which one or more other Client Accounts are expected, or seek, to participate or already have made, or concurrently will make or seek to make, an investment. The Company and the other Client Accounts may have conflicting interests and objectives in connection with such investments, including with respect to views on the operations or activities of the project or company involved, the targeted returns from the investment and the timeframe for, and method of, exiting the investment. For example, the Advisor’s decisions on behalf of other Client Accounts to sell, redeem from or otherwise liquidate a security in which the Company is invested may adversely affect the Company, including by causing such investment to be less liquid or more concentrated, or by causing the Company to no longer participate in a controlling position in the investment or to lose the benefit of certain negotiated terms, including, without limitation, fee discounts. Conflicts will also arise in cases where the Company, directly or indirectly, and other Client Accounts invest in different parts of an issuer’s capital structure, including circumstances in which one or more Client Accounts may own private securities or obligations of an issuer and other Client Accounts may own public securities of the same issuer. If an issuer in which the Company, directly or indirectly, and one or more other Client Accounts hold different classes of securities (or other assets, instruments or obligations issued by such issuer) encounters financial problems, decisions over the terms of any workout will raise potential conflicts of interests (including, for example, conflicts regarding the terms of recapitalizations and proposed waivers, amendments or enforcement of debt covenants). As a result, one or more Client Accounts may pursue or enforce rights with respect to a particular issuer in which the Company has directly or indirectly invested, and those activities may have an adverse effect on the Company. Because of the different legal rights associated with debt and equity of the same portfolio company, BlackRock expects to face a potential conflict of interest in respect of the advice given to, and the actions taken on behalf of, the Company versus another Client Account (e.g., the terms of debt instruments, the enforcement of covenants, the terms of recapitalizations and the resolution of workouts or bankruptcies). For example, if the Company holds debt securities of an issuer and a Client Account directly or indirectly holds equity securities of the same issuer, then, if the issuer experiences financial or operational challenges, the Company may seek a liquidation of the issuer in which it may be paid in full, whereas the Client Account, as a direct or indirect equity holder, might prefer a reorganization that holds the potential to create value for the equity holders. Similarly, if additional capital is necessary as a result of financial or other difficulties, or to finance growth of other opportunities, subject to the Order and applicable law and regulation, a Client Account may not provide such additional capital and the Company may do so, or vice versa. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding of an issuer, the Company may be limited (by applicable law, courts or otherwise) in the positions or actions it may be permitted to take due to other interests held or actions or positions taken by other Client Accounts. In negotiating the terms and conditions of any such investments, or any subsequent amendments or waivers, the Advisor and the other BlackRock Entities may find that their own interests, the interests of the Company and/or the interests of one or more other Client Accounts could conflict. Any of the foregoing conflicts of interest will be discussed and resolved on a case-by-case basis. The resolution of such conflicts will take into consideration the interests of the relevant parties, the circumstances giving rise to the conflict, the Order to the extent applicable and applicable law. Shareholders should be aware that conflicts will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the Company and that the Company could be adversely affected by the actions taken by BlackRock Entities on behalf of Client Accounts. In order to avoid or reduce the conflicts that may arise in cases where the Company, directly or indirectly, and other Client Accounts invest in different parts of an issuer’s capital structure, or for other reasons, the Company may choose not to invest in issuers in which other Client Accounts hold an existing investment, even if the Advisor believes such investment opportunity to be attractive and otherwise appropriate for the Company and is permitted under applicable law and regulation, which may adversely affect the performance of the Company. Other transactions by one or more Client Accounts also may have the effect of diluting the values or prices of investments held directly or indirectly by the Company or otherwise disadvantaging the Company. This may occur when portfolio decisions regarding the Company are based on research or other information that is also used to support portfolio decisions for other Client Accounts. When a BlackRock Entity implements a portfolio decision or strategy on behalf of a Client Account other than the Company ahead of, or contemporaneously with, similar portfolio decisions or strategies for the Company (whether or not the portfolio decisions emanate from the same research analysis or other information), market impact, liquidity constraints or other factors could result in the Company receiving less favorable investment results, and the cost of implementing such portfolio decisions or strategies for the Company could increase, or the Company could otherwise be disadvantaged. Additionally, if the Company makes an investment in a portfolio company in conjunction with an investment made by another Client Account, the Company may not invest through the same investment vehicles, have the same access to credit or employ the same hedging or investment strategies as such other Client Account. This likely will result in differences in investment cost, investment terms, leverage and associated expenses between the Company and any other Client Account. There can be no assurance that the Company and the other Client Accounts will exit the investment at the same time or on the same terms, and there can be no assurance that the Company’s return on such an investment will be the same as the returns achieved by any other Client Accounts participating in the 40 transactions. Given the nature of these conflicts, there can be no assurance that the resolution of these conflicts will be beneficial to the Company. The BlackRock Entities may also, in certain circumstances and subject to the Order and applicable law and regulation, pursue or enforce rights or take other actions with respect to a particular issuer or investment jointly on behalf of the Company and other Client Accounts. In such circumstances, the Company may be adversely impacted by the other Client Accounts’ activities, and transactions for the Company may be impaired or effected at prices or terms that may be less favorable than would otherwise have been the case had the other Client Accounts not pursued a particular course of action with respect to the issuer or investment. For example, one or more Client Accounts may dispose of or make an in kind distribution of its portion of an investment that is also held by the Company and other Client Accounts, and such action may adversely affect the Company and such other Client Accounts that continue to hold such investment. Conflicts may also arise because portfolio decisions made by the Advisor on behalf of the Company may benefit other BlackRock Entities or Client Accounts, including BlackRock Accounts. For example, subject to the Order and applicable law and regulation, the Company may invest directly or indirectly in the securities, bank loans or other obligations of issuers in which a Client Account has an equity, debt or other interest, or vice versa. In certain circumstances, the Advisor may be incentivized not to undertake certain actions on behalf of the Company in connection with such investments, in view of a BlackRock Entity’s or Client Account’s involvement with the relevant issuer or investment. Further, the Company may also engage in investment transactions that result in other Client Accounts being relieved of obligations or otherwise divesting of investments that the Company also holds or which cause the Company to have to divest certain investments. The purchase, holding and sale of investments by the Company may enhance the profitability of another Client Account’s own investments in and activities with respect to such investments. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company may invest, directly or indirectly, in equity of investments or issuers affiliated with the BlackRock Entities or in which a BlackRock Entity or a Client Account has a direct or indirect debt or other interest, or vice versa, and may acquire such equity or debt either directly or indirectly through public or private acquisitions. Such investments may benefit the BlackRock Entities or Client Accounts. In addition, the Advisor may be incentivized not to undertake certain actions on behalf of the Company in connection with such investments, in view of a BlackRock Entity’s or Client Account’s involvement with the relevant issuer or investment. Moreover, the Advisor’s investment professionals, its senior management and employees serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as the Company. Accordingly, these individuals may have obligations to investors in those entities or funds, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of the Company or shareholders. In addition, certain of the personnel employed by the Advisor or focused on the Company’s business may change in ways that are detrimental to the Company’s business. Transactions Between Client Accounts . Each of the BlackRock Entities and the Advisor reserve the right to conduct cross trades between the Company and other Client Accounts in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Advisor may cause the Company to purchase securities or other assets from or sell securities or other assets to, or engage in other transactions with, other Client Accounts or vehicles when the Advisor believes such transactions are appropriate and in the participants’ best interest, subject to applicable law and regulation. The Company may enter into “agency cross transactions,” in which a BlackRock Entity may act as broker for the Company and for the other party to the transaction, to the extent permitted under applicable law and regulation and the relevant Client Account governing documents. In such cases, the Advisor and such other Client Accounts or BlackRock Entities, as applicable, may have a potentially conflicting division of loyalties and responsibilities regarding both parties to the transaction. To the extent that any provision of Section 11(a) of the Exchange Act, or any of the rules promulgated thereunder, is applicable to any transactions effected by the Advisor, such transactions will be effected in accordance with the requirements of such provisions and rules. Proxy Voting. The Board of Directors has delegated to the Advisor discretion with respect to voting and consent rights of the assets of the Company. Consistent with applicable rules under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”), BlackRock has adopted and implemented written proxy voting policies and procedures with respect to individual securities held by the Company that are reasonably designed: (i) to ensure that proxies are voted, consistent with its fiduciary obligations, in the best interests of Client Accounts under the circumstances over time; and (ii) to prevent conflicts of interest from influencing proxy voting decisions made on behalf of clients. Nevertheless, when votes are cast in accordance with BlackRock’s proxy voting policy and in a manner that BlackRock believes to be consistent with its fiduciary obligations, actual proxy voting decisions made on behalf of one Client Account may have the effect of favoring or harming the interests of other Client Accounts, including the Company. Shareholders may receive a copy of BlackRock’s proxy voting policy, upon request, and may also obtain a copy at: http://www.blackrock.com/corporate/en-us/about-us/responsible-investment/responsible-investment-reports. 41 Investment Terms of Other Client Accounts . The investment terms offered to other Client Accounts or to investors in other Client Accounts with similar investment objectives as the Company may be different than those applicable to our shareholders and may create conflicts. In particular, with respect to investors in other Client Accounts that are managed as dedicated funds or with respect to other Client Accounts investing through separate accounts with similar investment objectives to the Company, information sharing may, to the extent permitted under applicable law and regulation, be more extensive, detailed and timely as compared to information available to our shareholders, and the other Client Accounts’ liquidity may not be subject to the restrictions that apply to our shareholders. Management of the Company . In connection with the management of the Company, the Board of Directors and/or the Advisor will have the right to make certain determinations on behalf of the Company, in its discretion. Any such determinations may affect shareholders differently and some shareholders may be adversely affected by such determinations by the Board of Directors or Advisor. Shareholders may be situated differently in a number of ways, including being resident of, or organized in, various jurisdictions, being subject to different tax rules or regulatory structures and/or having different internally- or externally-imposed investment policies, restrictions or guidelines. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by the Board of Directors or the Advisor that may be more beneficial for certain shareholders. In making determinations on behalf of the Company, including in structuring and completing investments, the Advisor intends to consider the investment and tax objectives of the Company and the shareholders as a whole, not the investment, tax or other objectives of any shareholder individually. Subject to applicable law, including the 1940 Act, and the terms of the applicable contracts with the Company, BlackRock Entities may from time to time, and without notice to the Company or shareholders, insource or outsource to third-parties, including parties which are affiliated with BlackRock, certain processes or functions in connection with a variety of services that they provide to the Company in their administrative or other capacities. Such in-sourcing or outsourcing may give rise to potential conflicts of interest. Limited Access to Information; Information Advantage of Certain BlackRock Clients . As a result of receiving client reports, service on a Client Account’s advisory board, affiliation with the Advisor or otherwise, one or more BlackRock clients may have access to different information regarding the BlackRock Entities’ transactions, strategies or views, and may act on such information in accounts not controlled by the BlackRock Entities, which may have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Company. The Company and its investments may also be adversely affected by market movements or by decreases in the pool of available securities or liquidity arising from purchases and sales by, as well as increases of capital in, and withdrawals of capital from, other Client Accounts and other accounts of BlackRock clients not controlled by BlackRock. These effects can be more pronounced in respect of investments with limited capacity and in thinly traded securities and less liquid markets. Furthermore, our shareholders’ rights to information regarding the Advisor or the Company generally will be limited to applicable reporting obligations and information requirements under the Exchange Act and applicable state law. It is anticipated that the Advisor and its affiliates will obtain certain types of material information from or relating to the Company’s investments that will not be disclosed to shareholders because such disclosure is prohibited, including as a result of contractual, legal or similar obligations outside of BlackRock’s control. Such limitations on the disclosure of such information may have adverse consequences for shareholders in a variety of circumstances and may make it difficult for a shareholder to monitor the Advisor and its performance. Advisor Decisions May Benefit BlackRock Entities and BlackRock Accounts . BlackRock Entities may derive ancillary benefits from certain decisions made on behalf of the Company. While the Advisor will make decisions for the Company in accordance with its obligations to manage the Company appropriately, the fees, allocations, compensation and other benefits to the BlackRock Entities (including benefits relating to business relationships of the BlackRock Entities) may be greater as a result of certain portfolio, investment, service provider or other decisions made by the Advisor for the Company than they would have been had other decisions been made which also might have been appropriate for the Company. In addition, BlackRock Entities may invest in Client Accounts and therefore may indirectly derive ancillary benefits from certain decisions made by the Advisor. The Advisor may also make decisions and exercise discretion with respect to the Company that could benefit BlackRock Entities that have invested in the Company. 42 Temporary Investments in Cash Management Products . Subject to applicable law, the Company may invest, on a temporary basis, in short-term, high-grade assets or other cash management products, including SEC-registered investment funds (open-end or closed-end) or unregistered funds, including any such funds that are sponsored, managed or serviced by advisory BlackRock Entities. In connection with any of these investments, the Company will bear all fees pertaining to the investment, including advisory, administrative or 12b-1 fees, and no portion of any fees otherwise payable by the Company will be offset against fees payable in accordance with any of these investments (i.e., there could be “double fees” involved in making any of these investments which would not arise in connection with a shareholder’s direct investment in such money market or liquidity funds, because a BlackRock Entity could receive fees with respect to both the management of the Company, on one hand, and such cash management products, on the other). In these circumstances, as well as in other circumstances in which any BlackRock Entities receive any fees or other compensation in any form relating to the provision of services, subject to the Company’s Governing Documents, no accounting, repayment to the Company or offset of the Advisory Fee will be required. Management Responsibilities . The employees and directors of the Advisor or its affiliates are not under any obligation to devote all of their professional time to the affairs of the Company, but will devote such time and attention to the affairs of the Company as BlackRock determines in its discretion is necessary to carry out the operations of the Company effectively. Employees and directors of the Advisor engage in other activities unrelated to the affairs of the Company, including managing or advising other Client Accounts, which presents potential conflicts in allocating management time, services and functions among the Company and other Client Accounts. These potential conflicts will be exacerbated in situations where employees may be entitled to greater incentive compensation or other remuneration from certain Client Accounts than from other Client Accounts (including the Company). The Advisor may, subject to applicable law, utilize the personnel or services of its affiliates in a variety of ways to make available to the Company BlackRock’s global capabilities. Although the Advisor believes this practice generally is in the best interests of its clients, it is possible that conflicts with respect to allocation of investment opportunities, portfolio execution, client servicing or other matters may arise due to differences in regulatory requirements in various jurisdictions, time differences or other reasons. The Advisor will seek to ameliorate any conflicts that arise and may determine not to utilize the personnel or services of a particular affiliate in circumstances where it believes the potential conflict outweighs the potential benefits. Investments by Directors, Officers and Employees of BlackRock Entities . The directors, officers and employees of BlackRock Entities are permitted to buy and sell public or private securities, commingled vehicles or other investments held by the Company for their own accounts, or accounts of their family members and in which such BlackRock Entity personnel may have a pecuniary interest, including through accounts (or investments in funds) managed by BlackRock Entities, in accordance with BlackRock’s personal trading policies. As a result of differing trading and investment strategies or constraints, positions taken by BlackRock Entity directors, officers, and employees may be the same as or different from, or made contemporaneously or at different times than, positions taken for the Company. Such persons and/or investment vehicles they manage also may invest in companies in the same industries as companies in which the Company expects to invest, and may compete with the Company for investment opportunities, and their investments may compete with the Company’s investments. In addition, BlackRock personnel may serve on the boards of directors of companies in the same industries as companies in which the Company expects to invest, which can give rise to conflicting obligations and interests. As these situations may involve potential conflicts of interest, BlackRock has adopted policies and procedures relating to personal securities transactions, insider trading and other ethical considerations. These policies and procedures are intended to identify and reduce actual conflicts of interest with clients and to resolve such conflicts appropriately if they do occur. Issues Relating to the Valuation of Assets . While securities and other property held by the Company generally will be valued by reference to an independent third-party source, in certain circumstances holdings may be valued at fair value based upon the principles and methods of valuation set forth in policies adopted by the Advisor as Valuation Designee under the supervision of our Board of Directors. Moreover, a significant portion of the assets in which the Company may directly or indirectly invest may not have a readily ascertainable market value and, subject to applicable law, may be valued at fair value based upon the principles and methods of valuation set forth in policies adopted by the Advisor as Valuation Designee under the supervision of our Board of Directors. 43 Potential Restrictions on the Advisor’s Activities on Behalf of the Company . From time to time, the Advisor expects to be restricted from purchasing or selling securities or taking other actions on behalf of the Company because of regulatory and legal requirements applicable to BlackRock Entities, other Client Accounts and/or the Advisor’s internal policies designed to comply with or limit the applicability of, or which otherwise relate to, such requirements. An investment fund not advised by BlackRock Entities may not be subject to the same considerations. There may be periods when the Advisor (on behalf of the Company) may not initiate or recommend certain types of transactions, may limit or delay purchases, may sell or redeem existing investments, forego transactions or other investment opportunities, restrict or limit the exercise of rights (including voting rights), or may otherwise restrict or limit their advice with respect to securities or instruments issued by or related to issuers for which BlackRock Entities are performing advisory or other services. Such policies may restrict the Company’s activities more than required by applicable law. For example, when BlackRock Entities are engaged to provide advisory or risk management services for an issuer, the Company may be prohibited from or limited in purchasing or selling interests of that issuer, particularly in cases where BlackRock Entities have or may obtain material non-public information about the issuer. Similar prohibitions or limitations could also arise if: (i) BlackRock Entity personnel serve as directors or officers of issuers, the securities or other interests of which the Company wishes to purchase or sell, (ii) the Advisor on behalf of the Company participates in a transaction (including a controlled acquisition of a U.S. public company) that results in the requirement to restrict all purchases, sales and voting of equity securities of such target issuer, or (iii) regulations, including portfolio affiliation rules or stock exchange rules, prohibit participation in offerings by an issuer when other Client Accounts have prior holdings of such issuer’s securities or desire to participate in such a public offering, or where other Client Accounts have or may have short positions in such issuer’s securities. However, where permitted by applicable law, and where consistent with the BlackRock Entities’ policies and procedures, the BlackRock Entities may, but are not obligated to, seek to avoid such prohibitions or limitations (such as through the implementation of appropriate information barriers), and in such cases, the Advisor on behalf of the Company may purchase or sell securities or instruments that are issued by such issuers. In addition, certain activities and actions may also be considered to result in reputational risk or disadvantage for the management of the Company and/or for the Advisor and its affiliates, and the Advisor may decline or limit an investment opportunity or dispose of an existing investment as a result. In addition, in regulated industries and in certain markets, and in certain futures and derivative transactions, there are limits on the aggregate amount of investment by affiliated investors that may not be exceeded without a regulatory filing, the grant of a license or other regulatory or corporate consent. For example, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the U.S. commodities exchanges and certain non-U.S. exchanges have established limits referred to as “speculative position limits” or “position limits” on the maximum long or short (or, for some commodities, the gross) positions which any person or group of persons may own, hold or control in certain futures or options on futures contracts, and such rules generally require aggregation of the positions owned, held or controlled by related entities. Any such limits may prevent the Company from acquiring positions that might otherwise have been desirable or profitable. Under certain circumstances, the Advisor may restrict a purchase or sale of securities, derivative instruments or other assets on behalf of Client Accounts in anticipation of a future conflict that may arise if such purchase or sale would be made. Any such determination will take into consideration the interests of the relevant Client Accounts, the circumstances that would give rise to the future conflict and applicable law. Such determination will be made on a case by case basis. Other Services and Activities of the BlackRock Entities . The BlackRock Entities (including the Advisor) will, from time to time, provide financial, consulting and other services to, and receive compensation from, an entity which is the issuer of a security or other investment held by the Company, counterparties to transactions with the Company or third parties that also provide services to the Company. In addition, the BlackRock Entities (including the Advisor) may purchase property (including securities) from, sell property (including securities) or lend funds to, or otherwise deal with, any entity which is the issuer of a security held by the Company, counterparties to transactions with the Company or third parties that also provide services to the Company. It is also likely that the Company will have multiple business relationships with and will invest in, engage in transactions with, make voting decisions with respect to, or obtain services from entities for which BlackRock Entities perform or seek to perform certain financial services. Conflicts are expected to arise in connection with the foregoing. The BlackRock Entities may derive ancillary benefits from providing investment advisory, administrative and other services to the Company, and providing such services to the Company may enhance the BlackRock Entities’ relationships with various parties, facilitate additional business development, and enable the BlackRock Entities to obtain additional business and generate additional revenue. 44 Potential Restrictions and Issues Relating to Information Held by BlackRock . The Advisor may not have access to information and personnel of all BlackRock Entities, including as a result of informational barriers constructed between different investment teams and groups within BlackRock focusing on alternative investments and otherwise. Therefore, the Advisor may not be able to manage the Company with the benefit of information held by one or more other investment teams and groups within the BlackRock Entities. However, although it is under no obligation to do so, if it is permitted to do so, the Advisor may consult with personnel on other investment teams and in other groups within BlackRock, or with persons unaffiliated with BlackRock, or may form investment policy committees composed of such personnel, and in certain circumstances, personnel of affiliates of the Advisor may have input into, or make determinations regarding, portfolio management transactions for the Company, and may receive information regarding the Advisor’s proposed investment activities for the Company that generally is not available to the public. There will be no obligation on the part of such persons to make available for use by the Company any information or strategies known to them or developed in connection with their own client, proprietary or other activities. In addition, BlackRock will be under no obligation to make available any research or analysis prior to its public dissemination. The Advisor makes decisions for the Company based on the Company’s investment program. The Advisor from time to time may have access to certain fundamental analysis, research and proprietary technical models developed by BlackRock Entities and their personnel. There will be no obligation on the part of the BlackRock Entities to make available for use by the Company, or to effect transactions on behalf of the Company on the basis of, any such information, strategies, analyses or models known to them or developed in connection with their own proprietary or other activities. In certain cases, such personnel will be prohibited from disclosing or using such information for their own benefit or for the benefit of any other person, including the Company and other Client Accounts. In other cases, fundamental analyses, research and proprietary models developed internally may be used by various BlackRock Entities and their personnel on behalf of different Client Accounts, which could result in purchase or sale transactions in the same security at different times (and could potentially result in certain transactions being made by one portfolio manager on behalf of certain Client Accounts before similar transactions are made by a different portfolio manager on behalf of other Client Accounts), or could also result in different purchase and sale transactions being made with respect to the same security. The Advisor may also effect transactions for the Company that differ from fundamental analysis, research or proprietary models issued by the BlackRock Entities or by the Advisor itself in various contexts. The foregoing transactions may negatively impact the Company and its direct and indirect investments through market movements or by decreasing the pool of available securities or liquidity, which effects can be more pronounced in thinly traded securities and less liquid markets. The BlackRock Entities and different investment teams and groups within the Advisor have no obligation to seek information or to make available to or share with the Company any third-party manager with which the Company invests any information, research, investment strategies, opportunities or ideas known to BlackRock Entity personnel or developed or used in connection with other clients or activities. The BlackRock Entities and different investment teams and groups within the Advisor may compete with the Company or any third-party manager with which the Company invests for appropriate investment opportunities on behalf of their other Client Accounts. The results of the investment activities of the Company may differ materially from the results achieved by BlackRock Entities for other Client Accounts. BlackRock Entities may give advice and take action with respect to other Client Accounts that may compete or conflict with the advice the Advisor may give to the Company, including with respect to their view of the operations or activities of an investment, the return of an investment, the timing or nature of action relating to an investment or the method of exiting an investment. BlackRock Entities may restrict transactions for themselves, but not for the Company, or vice versa. BlackRock Entities and certain of their personnel, including the Advisor’s personnel or other BlackRock Entity personnel advising or otherwise providing services to the Company, may be in possession of information not available to all BlackRock Entity personnel, and such personnel may act on the basis of such information in ways that have adverse effects on the Company. The Company could sustain losses during periods in which BlackRock Entities and other Client Accounts achieve significant profits. Material, Non-Public Information . The Advisor and its personnel may not trade for the Company or other Client Accounts or for their own benefit or recommend trading in financial instruments of a company while they are in possession of material, non-public or price sensitive information (“Inside Information”) concerning such company, or disclose such Inside Information to any person not entitled to receive it. The BlackRock Entities (including the Advisor) may have access to Inside Information. The Advisor has instituted an internal information barrier policy designed to prevent securities laws violations based on access to Inside Information. Accordingly, there may be certain cases where the Advisor may be restricted from effecting purchases and/or sales of interests in securities or other financial instruments, or entering into certain transactions or exercising certain rights under such transactions on behalf of the Company and/or the other Client Accounts. There can be no assurance that the Advisor will not receive Inside Information and that such restrictions will not occur. At times, the Advisor, in an effort to avoid restriction for the Company or the other Client Accounts, may elect not to receive Inside Information, which may be relevant to the Company’s portfolio, that other market participants are eligible to receive or have received and could affect decisions that would have otherwise been made. 45 Any partner, officer or employee of the BlackRock Entities may serve as an officer, director, advisor or in comparable management functions for the investments of other Client Accounts, and any such person may obtain Inside Information in connection therewith, or in connection with such partner’s, officer’s or employee’s other activities in the financial markets. In an effort to manage possible risks arising from the internal sharing of material non-public information, BlackRock maintains a list of restricted securities with respect to which it has access to material non-public information and in which Client Accounts are restricted from trading. If partners, officers or employees of BlackRock obtain such material nonpublic information about a portfolio company which is an investment of a Client Account, the Company may be prohibited by law, policy or contract, for a period of time, from (i) unwinding a position in such company, (ii) establishing an initial position or taking any greater position in such company and/or (iii) pursuing other investment opportunities, which could impact the returns to the Company. In addition, in certain circumstances, particularly during the liquidation of a Client Account, the Company may be prohibited from trading a position that it holds, directly or indirectly, in the Client Account because BlackRock determines that one or more partners, officers or employees of BlackRock holds material non-public information with respect to one or more remaining positions held by the Client Account. Transactions with Certain Shareholders . The Company is permitted to enter into transactions with certain shareholders, subject to applicable law. For example, the Advisor may be presented with opportunities to receive financing and/or other services in connection with the Company’s operations and/or the Company’s investments from certain shareholders or their affiliates that are engaged in lending or related business, which subjects the Advisor to conflicts of interest. The Company’s Use of Investment Consultants and BlackRock’s Relationship with Investment Consultants . Shareholders may work with pension or other institutional investment consultants (collectively, “Investment Consultants”). Investment Consultants provide a wide array of services to pension plans and other institutions, including assisting in the selection and monitoring of investment advisers such as the Advisor. From time to time, Investment Consultants who recommend the Advisor to, and provide oversight of the Advisor for, shareholders may also provide services to or purchase services from the BlackRock Entities. For example, the BlackRock Entities purchase certain index and performance-related databases and human resources-related information from Investment Consultants and their affiliates. The BlackRock Entities also utilize brokerage execution services of Investment Consultants or their affiliates, and BlackRock Entities personnel may attend conferences sponsored by Investment Consultants. Conversely, from time to time, the BlackRock Entities may be hired by Investment Consultants and their affiliates to provide investment management and/or risk management services, creating possible conflicts of interest. Other Relationships with BlackRock Entities, Clients and Market Participants . The BlackRock Entities have developed, and will in the future develop, relationships with (or may invest in) a significant number of clients and other market participants (e.g., financial institutions, service providers, managers of investment funds, banks, brokers, advisors, joint venturers, consultants, finders (including executive finders), executives, attorneys, accountants, institutional investors, family offices, lenders, current and former employees, and current and former portfolio investment executives, as well as certain family members or close contacts of these persons), including those that may hold or may have held investments similar to the investments intended to be made by the Company, that may themselves represent appropriate investment opportunities for the Company, or that may compete with the Company for investment opportunities. Furthermore, the Advisor generally exercises its discretion to recommend to the Company or to an investment thereof that it contracts for services with such clients and market participants, and/or with other BlackRock Entities. It is difficult to predict the circumstances under which these relationships could become material conflicts for the Company, but it is possible that as a result of such relationships (or agreements with other Client Accounts) the Advisor may refrain from making all or a portion of any investment or a disposition on behalf of the Company, which may materially adversely affect the performance of the Company. Certain of these persons or entities will invest (or will be affiliated with an investor) in, engage in transactions with and/or provide services (including services at reduced rates) to, the BlackRock Entities and/or Client Accounts and/or their affiliates. BlackRock expects to be subject to a potential conflict of interest with the Company in recommending the retention or continuation of a third-party service provider to such Company or a portfolio investment if such recommendation, for example, is motivated by a belief that the service provider or its affiliate(s) will continue to invest in the Company or one or more Client Accounts, will provide the BlackRock Entities information about markets and industries in which the BlackRock Entities operate (or are contemplating operations) or will provide other services that are beneficial to the BlackRock Entities, the Company or one or more Client Accounts. The Advisor expects to be subject to a potential conflict of interest in making such recommendations, in that Advisor has an incentive to maintain goodwill between it and clients and other market participants, while the products or services recommended may not necessarily be the best available or most cost effective to the Company or its investments. Legal Representation . The Company, as well as the Advisor and/or other BlackRock Entities, have engaged several counsel to represent them. In connection with such representation, counsel has relied upon certain information furnished to them by the Advisor and the BlackRock Entities, and has not investigated or verified the accuracy or completeness of such information. Such counsel’s engagement is limited to the specific matters as to which they are consulted and, therefore, there may exist facts or circumstances that could have a bearing on the Company’s or BlackRock’s financial condition or operations with respect to which counsel has not been consulted and for which they expressly disclaim any responsibility. Counsel has not represented and will not be representing shareholders. No independent counsel has been retained (or is expected to be retained) to represent shareholders. No attorney-client 46 relationship exists between any counsel and any shareholder solely by such shareholder making an investment in the Company. As a result, shareholders are urged to retain their own counsel. Resolution of Conflicts. Any conflicts of interest that arise between the Company or particular shareholders, on the one hand, and other Client Accounts or BlackRock Entities or affiliates thereof, on the other hand, will be discussed and resolved on a case-by-case basis by business, legal and compliance officers of the Advisor and its affiliates, as applicable. Any such discussions will take into consideration the interests of the relevant parties and the circumstances giving rise to the conflicts. Shareholders should be aware that conflicts will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the interests of the Company or any affected shareholder. There can be no assurance that any actual or potential conflicts of interest will not result in the Company receiving less favorable investment or other terms with respect to investments, transactions or services than if such conflicts of interest did not exist. Potential Impact on the Company . It is difficult to predict the circumstances under which one or more of the foregoing conflicts could become material, but it is possible that such relationships could require the Company to refrain from making all or a portion of any investment or a disposition in order for BlackRock to comply with its fiduciary duties, the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act or other applicable law. The Advisor may, under certain circumstances, seek to have conflicts or transactions involving conflicts approved in accordance with the governing agreements of the Company. Copies of Part 2A of the Advisor’s Form ADV, which includes additional detail regarding conflicts of interest that are relevant to BlackRock’s investment management business, are available at www.sec.gov and will be provided to current and prospective shareholders upon request. The foregoing list of potential and actual conflicts of interest does not purport to be a complete enumeration of the conflicts attendant to an investment in the Company. Additional conflicts may exist that are not presently known to the Advisor, BlackRock or their respective affiliates or are deemed immaterial. Prospective investors should consult with their independent advisors before deciding whether to invest in the Company. In addition, as the investment program of the Company develops and changes over time, an investment in the Company may be subject to additional and different actual and potential conflicts of interest. Our incentive compensation may induce our Advisor to make certain investments, including speculative investments. The incentive compensation payable by us to the Advisor may create an incentive for the Advisor to make investments on our behalf that are risky or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. The way in which the incentive compensation is determined may encourage the Advisor to increase the use of leverage or take additional risk to increase the return on our investments. Under certain circumstances, the use of leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor the holders of our common stock, or of securities convertible into our common stock or warrants representing rights to purchase our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to certain of our debt investments and may accordingly result in a substantial increase in the amount of incentive compensation payable to the Advisor with respect to our cumulative investment income. Although the incentive compensation is subject to a total return hurdle, the Advisor may have some ability to accelerate the realization of gains to obtain incentive compensation earlier than it otherwise would when it may be in our best interests to not yet realize gains. Our directors monitor our use of leverage and the Advisor’s management of our investment program in the best interests of our common shareholders. We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the securities and instruments of other investment companies, including private funds, and, to the extent we so invest, we will bear our ratable share of any such investment company’s expenses, including management and performance fees. We will also remain obligated to pay management and incentive compensation to the Advisor with respect to the assets invested in the securities and instruments of other investment companies. With respect to each of these investments, each of our common shareholders will bear his or her share of our management and incentive compensation as well as indirectly bear the management and performance fees and other expenses of any investment companies in which we invest. We may be obligated to pay the Advisor incentive compensation payments in excess of the amounts we would have paid if such compensation was subject to clawback arrangements. The Advisor is entitled to incentive compensation for each fiscal quarter after January 1, 2013 in an amount equal to a percentage of our ordinary income (before deducting incentive compensation) since that date and, separately, a percentage of our realized capital gains (net of realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation) since that date, in each case subject to a cumulative total return requirement. If we pay incentive compensation and thereafter experience additional realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation such that we would no longer have been required to provide incentive compensation, we will not be able to recover any portion of the incentive compensation previously paid or distributed because our incentive compensation arrangements do not contain any clawback provisions. As a result, the incentive compensation could exceed 17.5% of our cumulative total return, depending on the timing of unrealized appreciation, net unrealized depreciation and net realized capital losses. For example, part of the incentive compensation payable or distributable by us that relates to our ordinary income is computed on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received in cash. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan, it is possible that accrued interest previously 47 used in the calculation of the incentive compensation will become uncollectible. Similarly, the income component is measured against a total return limitation that includes unrealized gains. Such gains may not be realized or may be realized at a lower amount. Consequently, we may have paid incentive compensation on income in circumstances where we otherwise would not have done so and with respect to which we do not have a clawback right against the Advisor. Our Advisor’s liability is limited under the investment management agreement, and we are required to indemnify our Advisor against certain liabilities, which may lead our Advisor to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. Our Advisor has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the investment management agreement, and it will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Directors in declining to follow our Advisor’s advice or recommendations. Pursuant to the investment management agreement, our Advisor and its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other person or entity affiliated with it will not be liable to us for their acts under the investment management agreement, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties. We have agreed to indemnify, defend and protect our Advisor and its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other person or entity affiliated with it with respect to all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses resulting from acts of our Advisor not arising out of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties under the investment and management agreement. These protections may lead our Advisor to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. We are dependent upon senior management personnel of the Advisor for our future success; if the Advisor is unable to retain qualified personnel or if the Advisor loses any member of its senior management team, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. The success of the Company is highly dependent on the financial and managerial expertise of the Advisor. The loss of one or more of the voting members of the Investment Committee could have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Company. Although the Advisor and the voting members of the Investment Committee devote a significant amount of their respective efforts to the Company, they actively manage investments for other clients and are not required to (and will not) devote all of their time to the Company’s affairs. In addition, in connection with the acquisition of the Advisor by BlackRock in August 2018, certain senior members of the Advisor's investment team and other key advisory personnel were granted retention bonuses. As the last of such retention bonuses have been paid, there may be less economic incentive for certain senior investment team members and certain other key personnel to remain with the Advisor than in prior periods. The loss of key members of the Advisor’s investment team, or a material portion of other key advisory personnel, could have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Company if the Advisor were unable to replace such persons in a timely manner. The Advisor can resign on 60 days’ notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. The Advisor has the right, under our investment management agreement, to resign at any time upon not more than 60 days’ written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If the Advisor resigns, we may not be able to find a new investment advisor or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by the Advisor and its affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. We may in the future determine to fund a portion of our investments by issuing preferred stock, which would magnify the potential gains or losses and the risks of investing in us in the same manner as our borrowings. Preferred stock, which is another form of leverage, has the same risks to our common shareholders as borrowings because the dividends on any preferred stock we issue must be cumulative. Payment of such dividends and repayment of the liquidation preference of such preferred stock must take preference over any dividends or other payments to our common shareholders and preferred shareholders are not subject to any of our expenses or losses, and are not entitled to participate in any income or appreciation in excess of their stated preference. 48 The issuance of shares of preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable to the holders of preferred stock could adversely affect the market price for our common stock by making an investment in the common stock less attractive. In addition, the dividends on any preferred stock we issue must be cumulative. Payment of dividends and repayment of the liquidation preference of preferred stock must take preference over any dividends or other payments to our common shareholders, and holders of preferred stock are not subject to any of our expenses or losses and are not entitled to participate in any income or appreciation in excess of their stated preference (other than convertible preferred stock that converts into common stock). In addition, under the 1940 Act, preferred stock constitutes a “senior security” for purposes of the asset coverage test. We may experience fluctuations in our periodic operating results. We could experience fluctuations in our periodic operating results due to a number of factors, including the interest rates payable on the debt securities we acquire, the default rate on such securities, the level of our expenses (including the interest rates payable on our borrowings), the dividend rates payable on preferred stock we issue, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC, our business and operating flexibility could be significantly reduced. We qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of business development companies. For example, BDCs are prohibited from making any unqualifying investments unless at least 70% of their total assets are invested in qualifying investments which are primarily securities of private or thinly-traded U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Failure to comply with the requirements imposed on business development companies by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants. In addition, any such failure could cause an event of default under the Leverage Program, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial conditions or results of operations. Because we intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our shareholders to maintain our status as a RIC, under the Code we will continue to need additional capital to finance growth. If additional funds are unavailable or not available on favorable terms, our ability to grow will be impaired. We have elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. If we can meet certain requirements, including source of income, asset diversification and distribution requirements, and if we continue to qualify as a BDC, we will continue to qualify to be a RIC under the Code and will not have to pay corporate-level taxes on income we distribute to our shareholders, allowing us to substantially reduce or eliminate our corporate-level tax liability. As a result, we intend to distribute to our shareholders substantially all of our annual taxable income, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment in common interests of SVCP, and treat such amounts as deemed distributions to our shareholders. If we elect to treat any amounts as deemed distributions, we must pay income taxes at the corporate rate on such deemed distributions on behalf of our shareholders and our shareholders will receive a tax credit for such amounts and an increase in basis. A shareholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise is not required to file a U.S. federal income tax return would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form in order to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. As a result of these requirements, we will likely need to raise capital from other sources to grow our business. Unfavorable economic or capital market conditions may increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or could result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. An inability to successfully access the capital markets could limit our ability to grow our business and fully execute our business strategy and could decrease our earnings, if any. As a BDC, we are not able to incur senior securities unless after giving effect thereto we meet a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to total senior securities, which includes all of our borrowings, of at least 150%. This means that for every $100 of net assets, we may raise $200 from senior securities, such as borrowings or issuing preferred stock. These requirements limit the amount that we may borrow. On July 13, 2015, we obtained exemptive relief from the SEC to permit us to exclude the debt of TCPC SBIC LP guaranteed by the SBA from our 150% asset coverage test under the 1940 Act. The exemptive relief provides us with increased flexibility under the 150% asset coverage test by permitting the SBIC to borrow up to $111.2 million more than it would otherwise be able to absent the receipt of this exemptive relief. Because we will continue to need capital to grow our investment portfolio, these limitations may prevent us from incurring debt and require us to raise additional equity at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so. While we expect we will be able to borrow and to issue additional debt securities and expect that we will be able to issue additional equity securities, we cannot assure you that debt and equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, as a BDC, we generally will not be permitted to issue equity securities priced below net asset value without shareholder approval. If additional funds are not available to us, we could be forced to curtail or cease new investment activities and our net asset value or common stock price could decline. 49 The highly competitive market in which we operate may limit our investment opportunities. A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we make. We compete with other BDCs, public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Additionally, because competition for investment opportunities generally has increased among alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, those entities now invest in areas in which they have not traditionally invested, including making investments in middle-market private companies. As a result of these new entrants, competition for investment opportunities intensified over the past several years and may intensify further in the future. Some of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and valuation requirements that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC and that the Code imposes on us as a RIC. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this existing and potentially increasing competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. We do not seek to compete primarily based on the interest rates we offer, and we believe that some of our competitors make loans with interest rates that are comparable to or lower than the rates we offer. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors’ pricing, terms and structure. If we match our competitors’ pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income and increased risk of credit loss. As a result of operating in such a competitive environment, we may make investments that are on better terms to our portfolio companies than what we may have originally anticipated, which may impact our return on these investments. Our Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or shareholder approval, the effect of which may be adverse. Our Board of Directors has the authority to modify or waive certain of our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without shareholder approval (except as required by the 1940 Act). However, absent shareholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results or value of our common stock. Nevertheless, the effects could adversely affect our business and impact our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. BlackRock Acquisition of HPS. On July 1, 2025, BlackRock acquired 100% of the business and assets of HPS LCC. There is no guarantee that BlackRock will be able to successfully maintain and continue to build its business after the BlackRock/HPS Transaction or that BlackRock or the Advisor will be able to successfully optimize their business operations following the completion of the BlackRock/HPS Transaction. In particular, as with any business combination, BlackRock and the Advisor will be subject to substantial risks, including with respect to the long-term retention of key employees, the successful consolidation of corporate, technological and administrative infrastructures and the retention of existing business and operational relationships. It is possible that employees currently involved in the operation of the Advisor may not continue with the Advisor after the BlackRock/HPS Transaction and the operations and business relationships of BlackRock and the Advisor may be disrupted following the BlackRock/HPS Transaction. The integration of HPS LLC into BlackRock will be a complex, costly and time-consuming process and if BlackRock experiences difficulties in this process, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on BlackRock and the Advisor for an undetermined period. There can be no assurances that BlackRock or the Advisor will realize the potential operating efficiencies, synergies and other benefits currently anticipated from the BlackRock/HPS Transaction, and a failure to obtain such synergies may adversely affect the operations of BlackRock or the Advisor. Some of the challenges presented by the integration of the businesses are outside of BlackRock’s control, and any of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of potential synergies and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could materially affect BlackRock or the Advisor. In the event that the BlackRock/HPS Transaction has an adverse impact on the Advisor, including for the foregoing reasons, our operations and investment results may be adversely affected. 50 Risks Related to Our Investments Our investments are risky and highly speculative, and we could lose all or part of our investment. We invest primarily in middle-market companies primarily through leveraged loans. Risks Associated with Middle-Market Companies . Investing in private middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks, including: • these companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral; • they typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors’ actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; • they are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the portfolio company and, in turn, on us; • they generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; • our executive officers, directors and the Advisor may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies; • changes in laws and regulations, as well as their interpretations, may adversely affect their respective businesses, financial structures or prospects; and • they may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs. Limited public information exists about private middle-market companies, and we expect to rely on the Advisor’s investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. These companies and their financial information are not subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules that govern disclosures and financial controls of public companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investment. Lower Credit Quality Obligations . Most of our debt investments are likely to be in lower grade obligations. The lower grade investments in which we invest may be rated below investment grade by one or more nationally-recognized statistical rating agencies at the time of investment or may be unrated but determined by the Advisor to be of comparable quality. Debt securities rated below investment grade are commonly referred to as “junk bonds” and are considered speculative with respect to the issuer’s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. The debt that we invest in typically is not rated prior to our investment by any rating agency, but we believe that if such investments were rated, they would be below investment grade (rated lower than “Baa3” by Moody’s Investors Service, lower than “BBB-” by Fitch Ratings or lower than “BBB-” by Standard & Poor’s). We may invest without limit in debt of any rating, as well as debt that has not been rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization. Investment in lower grade investments involves a substantial risk of loss. Lower grade securities or comparable unrated securities are considered predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer’s ability to pay interest and principal and are susceptible to default or decline in market value due to adverse economic and business developments. The market values for lower grade debt tend to be very volatile and are less liquid than investment grade securities. For these reasons, your investment in our company is subject to the following specific risks: • increased price sensitivity to a deteriorating economic environment; • greater risk of loss due to default or declining credit quality; • adverse company specific events are more likely to render the issuer unable to make interest and/or principal payments; and • if a negative perception of the lower grade debt market develops, the price and liquidity of lower grade securities may be depressed. This negative perception could last for a significant period of time. 51 Adverse changes in economic conditions are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of a lower grade issuer to make principal payments and interest payments than an investment grade issuer. The principal amount of lower grade securities outstanding has proliferated in the past decade as an increasing number of issuers have used lower grade securities for corporate financing. An economic downturn could severely affect the ability of highly leveraged issuers to service their debt obligations or to repay their obligations upon maturity. Similarly, downturns in profitability in specific industries could adversely affect the ability of lower grade issuers in that industry to meet their obligations. The market values of lower grade debt tend to reflect individual developments of the issuer to a greater extent than do higher quality investments, which react primarily to fluctuations in the general level of interest rates. Factors having an adverse impact on the market value of lower grade debt may have an adverse effect on our net asset value and the market value of our common stock. In addition, we may incur additional expenses to the extent we are required to seek recovery upon a default in payment of principal of or interest on our portfolio holdings. In certain circumstances, we may be required to foreclose on an issuer’s assets and take possession of its property or operations. In such circumstances, we would incur additional costs in disposing of such assets and potential liabilities from operating any business acquired. The secondary market for lower grade debt is unlikely to be as liquid as the secondary market for more highly rated debt, a factor which may have an adverse effect on our ability to dispose of a particular instrument. There are fewer dealers in the market for lower grade securities than investment grade obligations. The prices quoted by different dealers may vary significantly and the spread between the bid and asked price is generally larger than for higher quality instruments. Under adverse market or economic conditions, the secondary market for lower grade debt could contract further, independent of any specific adverse changes in the condition of a particular issuer, and these instruments may become highly illiquid. As a result, we could find it more difficult to sell these instruments or may be able to sell the securities only at prices lower than if such instruments were widely traded. Prices realized upon the sale of such lower rated or unrated securities, under these circumstances, may be less than the prices used in calculating our net asset value. Since investors generally perceive that there are greater risks associated with lower grade debt of the type in which we may invest a portion of our assets, the yields and prices of such debt may tend to fluctuate more than those for higher rated instruments. In the lower quality segments of the fixed income markets, changes in perceptions of issuers’ creditworthiness tend to occur more frequently and in a more pronounced manner than do changes in higher quality segments of the income securities market, resulting in greater yield and price volatility. Distressed Debt Securities Risk . At times, distressed debt obligations may not produce income and may require us to bear certain extraordinary expenses (including legal, accounting, valuation and transaction expenses) in order to protect and recover our investment. Therefore, to the extent we invest in distressed debt, our ability to achieve current income for our shareholders may be diminished. We also will be subject to significant uncertainty as to when and in what manner and for what value the distressed debt we invest in will eventually be satisfied (e.g., through a liquidation of the obligor’s assets, an exchange offer or plan of reorganization involving the distressed debt securities or a payment of some amount in satisfaction of the obligation). In addition, even if an exchange offer is made or plan of reorganization is adopted with respect to distressed debt we hold, there can be no assurance that the securities or other assets received by us in connection with such exchange offer or plan of reorganization will not have a lower value or income potential than may have been anticipated when the investment was made. Moreover, any securities received by us upon completion of an exchange offer or plan of reorganization may be restricted as to resale. As a result of our participation in negotiations with respect to any exchange offer or plan of reorganization with respect to an issuer of distressed debt, we may be restricted from disposing of such securities. Payment-in-kind Interest Risk . Our loans may contain a payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest provision. PIK investments carry additional risk as holders of these types of securities receive no cash until the cash payment date unless a portion of such securities is sold. If the issuer defaults the Company may obtain no return on its investment. The PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement, is added to the principal balance of the loan and recorded as interest income. To avoid the imposition of corporate-level tax on us, this non-cash source of income needs to be paid out to shareholders in cash distributions or, in the event that we determine to do so and in certain cases, in shares of our common stock, even though we have not yet collected and may never collect the cash relating to the PIK interest. As a result, we may have to distribute a taxable stock dividend to account for PIK interest even though we have not yet collected the cash. Preferred Stock Risk . To the extent we invest in preferred securities, there are special risks, including: Deferral . Preferred securities may include provisions that permit the issuer, at its discretion, to defer distributions for a stated period without any adverse consequences to the issuer. If we own a preferred security that is deferring its distributions, we may be required to report income for tax purposes although we have not yet received such income. Subordination . Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company’s capital structure in terms of priority to corporate income and liquidation payments, and therefore will be subject to greater credit risk than more senior debt instruments. 52 Liquidity . Preferred securities may be substantially less liquid than many other securities, such as common stocks or U.S. Government securities. Limited Voting Rights. Generally, preferred security holders have no voting rights with respect to the issuing company unless preferred dividends have been in arrears for a specified number of periods, at which time the preferred security holders may elect a number of directors to the issuer’s board. Generally, once all the arrearages have been paid, the preferred security holders no longer have voting rights. Equity Security Risk . We may have exposure to equity securities. Although equity securities have historically generated higher average total returns than fixed-income securities over the long term, equity securities also have experienced significantly more volatility in those returns. The equity securities that we acquire may fail to appreciate and may decline in value or become worthless. A trading market or market value of our debt securities may fluctuate. In the event we issue debt securities, they may or may not have an established trading market. We cannot assure you that a trading market for debt securities will ever develop or be maintained if developed. In addition to our creditworthiness, many factors may materially adversely affect the trading market for, and market value of, debt securities we may issue. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: • the time remaining to the maturity of these debt securities; • the outstanding principal amount of debt securities with terms identical to these debt securities; • the ratings assigned by national statistical ratings agencies; • the general economic environment; • the supply of debt securities trading in the secondary market, if any; • the redemption or repayment features, if any, of these debt securities; • the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally; and • market rates of interest higher or lower than rates borne by the debt securities. You should also be aware that there may be a limited number of buyers if and when you decide to sell your debt securities. This too may materially adversely affect the market value of the debt securities or the trading market for the debt securities. We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. We may enter into hedging transactions, which could expose us to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize instruments such as forward contracts and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions and amounts due under our debt arrangements from changes in market interest rates. Use of these hedging instruments may include counterparty credit risk. Utilizing such hedging instruments does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions and amounts due under our debt arrangements or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against an interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. The Dodd-Frank Act has made broad changes to the OTC derivatives market, granted significant new authority to the CFTC and the SEC to regulate OTC derivatives (swaps and security-based swaps) and participants in these markets. The Dodd-Frank Act is intended to regulate the OTC derivatives market by requiring many derivative transactions to be cleared and traded on an exchange, expanding entity registration requirements, imposing business conduct requirements on dealers and requiring banks to move some derivatives trading units to a non-guaranteed affiliate separate from the deposit-taking bank or divest them altogether. The CFTC has implemented mandatory clearing and exchange-trading of certain OTC derivatives contracts including many standardized interest rate swaps and credit default index swaps. The CFTC continues to approve contracts for central clearing. Exchange-trading and central clearing are expected to reduce counterparty credit risk by substituting the clearinghouse as the counterparty to a swap and increase liquidity, but exchange-trading and central clearing do not make swap transactions risk-free. Uncleared swaps, such as non-deliverable foreign currency forwards, are subject to certain margin requirements that mandate the posting and collection of minimum margin amounts. This requirement may result in the portfolio and its counterparties posting higher margin amounts for uncleared swaps than would otherwise be the case. Certain rules require centralized reporting of detailed information about many types of cleared and uncleared swaps. Reporting of swap data may result in greater market transparency, but may subject a portfolio to additional administrative burdens, and the safeguards established to protect trader anonymity 53 may not function as expected. Future CFTC or SEC rulemakings to implement the Dodd-Frank Act requirements could potentially limit or completely restrict our ability to use these instruments as a part of our investment strategy, increase the costs of using these instruments or make them less effective. Limits or restrictions applicable to the counterparties with which we engage in derivative transactions could also prevent us from using these instruments or affect the pricing or other factors relating to these instruments, or may change availability of certain investments. Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act requires the Company to implement and comply with the Rule 18f-4 limits on the amount of derivatives the Company can enter into and treat derivatives as senior securities so that a failure to comply with the limits would result in a statutory violation and require the Company, if the Company’s use of derivatives is more than a limited specified exposure amount (10% of net assets), to establish and maintain a comprehensive derivatives risk management program and appoint a derivatives risk manager. The success of our hedging transactions will depend on our ability to correctly predict movements and interest rates. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings or debt arrangements being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. We are subject to credit risk related to investments in our portfolio companies and with our financial institutions and counterparties. The Company has investments in lower rated and comparable quality unrated senior and junior secured, unsecured and subordinated debt securities and loans, which are subject to a greater degree of credit risk than more highly rated investments. The risk of loss due to default by the issuer is significantly greater for holders of such securities and loans, particularly in cases where the investment is unsecured or subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. The Company may be exposed to counterparty credit risk, or the risk that an entity with which the Company has unsettled or open transactions may fail to or be unable to perform on its commitments. The Company manages counterparty risk by entering into transactions only with counterparties that they believe have the financial resources to honor their obligations and by monitoring the financial stability of those counterparties. Financial assets, which potentially expose the Company to market, issuer and counterparty credit risks, consist principally of investments in portfolio companies. The extent of the Company’s exposure to market, issuer and counterparty credit risks with respect to these financial assets is generally approximated by their fair value recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. The Company is also exposed to credit risk related to maintaining all of its cash at a major financial institution. Because our investments are generally not in publicly traded securities, there will be uncertainty regarding the value of our investments, which could adversely affect the determination of our net asset value. Our portfolio investments will generally not be in publicly traded securities. As a result, although we expect that some of our equity investments may trade on private secondary marketplaces, the fair value of our direct investments in portfolio companies will often not be readily determinable. Under the 1940 Act, investments for which there are no readily available market quotations, including securities that while listed on a private securities exchange have not actively traded, will be valued at fair value as determined using a consistently applied valuation process in accordance with our documented valuation policy that has been reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors. The Valuation Designee determines the value of our investments in accordance with such valuation policy. In connection with such determination, the Valuation Designee utilizes the services of an independent valuation firm, which prepares valuation reports on a quarterly basis for most of our portfolio investments that are not publicly traded or for which we do not have readily available market quotations, including securities that while listed on a private securities exchange, have not actively traded. However, the Valuation Designee retains ultimate authority as to the appropriate valuation of each such investment. The types of factors that the Valuation Designee takes into account in approving fair value with respect to such non-traded investments includes, as relevant and, to the extent available, the portfolio company’s earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to valuations of publicly traded companies, comparisons to recent sales of comparable companies, the discounted value of the cash flows of the portfolio company and other relevant factors. This information may not be available because it is difficult to obtain financial and other information with respect to private companies, and even where we are able to obtain such information, there can be no assurance that it is complete or accurate. Because such valuations are inherently uncertain and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would be assessed if a readily available market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty, our fair value determinations with respect to any non-traded investments we hold may cause our net asset value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize on one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing our securities based on an overstated net asset value may pay a higher market price than the value of our investments might warrant. Conversely, investors selling securities based on a net asset value that understates the value of our investments may receive a lower market price for their securities than the value of our investments might warrant. 54 We and the Advisor may be a party to legal proceedings in connection with our investments in our portfolio companies. From time to time, we and the Advisor may be a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business, including the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While we cannot predict the outcome of these legal proceedings with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. We may not be in a position to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. We do not generally intend to take controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. To the extent that we do not hold a controlling equity interest in a portfolio company, we are subject to the risk that such portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the shareholders and management of such portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity for the debt and equity investments that we typically hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company, and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments. In addition, we may not be in a position to control any portfolio company by investing in its debt securities. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company in which we invest may make business decisions with which we disagree and the management of such company, as representatives of the holders of their common equity, may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally in right of payment with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. The portfolio companies we invest in usually have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally in right of payment with, or senior to, the debt securities in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the debt securities in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally in right of payment with debt securities in which we invest, we would have to share any distributions on an equal and ratable basis with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. Additionally, certain loans that we make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company’s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of and be entitled to receive proceeds from any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from the sale or sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds are not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company’s remaining assets, if any. The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the loans we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements, including agreements governing “first out” and “last out” structures, that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under such an intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be in good faith under the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; the approval of amendments to collateral documents; releases of liens on the collateral; and waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. When we are a debt or minority equity investor in a portfolio company, we are often not in a position to exert influence on the entity, and other equity holders and management of the company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our portfolio holdings. 55 When we make debt or minority equity investments, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree and the other equity holders and management of such company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests. As a result, a portfolio company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our investment. We may also make unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies’ collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company’s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally in right of payment with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors’ claims against the portfolio company’s remaining assets, if any. There may be circumstances in which our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. If one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, even though we may have structured our interest as senior debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, a bankruptcy court might recharacterize our debt holding as an equity investment and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. In addition, lenders can be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by them where they become too involved in the borrower’s business or exercise control over the borrower. For example, we could become subject to a lender’s liability claim, if, among other things, we actually render significant managerial assistance. Additionally, these companies may not be able to get a full tax deduction for such borrowings. Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. Some of our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, which may have adverse consequences to these companies and to us as an investor. These companies may be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and the leverage may impair these companies’ ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies’ flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities may be limited. Further, a leveraged company’s income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not used. Our portfolio companies may prepay loans, which prepayment may reduce stated yields in the future if capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. Certain loans we make are prepayable at any time, some of them at no premium to par. We cannot predict when such loans may be prepaid. Whether a loan is prepaid will depend both on the continued positive performance of the portfolio company and the existence of favorable financing market conditions that permit such company to replace existing financing with less expensive capital. As market conditions change frequently, it is unknown when, and if, this may be possible for each portfolio company. In the case of some of these loans, having the loan prepaid early may reduce the achievable yield for the Company in the future below the current yield disclosed for our portfolio if the capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. Additionally, these companies may not be able to get a full tax deduction for such borrowings. Concentration of our assets in an issuer, industry or sector may present more risks than if we were more broadly diversified over numerous issuers, industries and sectors of the economy. We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers, our net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market’s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. In addition, we may, from time to time, invest a substantial portion of our assets in the securities of issuers in any single industry or sector of the economy or in only a few issuers. We cannot predict the industries or sectors in which our investment strategy may cause us to concentrate and cannot predict the level of our diversification among issuers to ensure that we satisfy diversification requirements for qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A downturn in an industry or sector in which we are concentrated would have a larger impact on us than on a company that does not concentrate in that particular industry or sector. Furthermore, the Advisor has not made and does not intend to make any determination as to the allocation of assets among different classes of securities. At any 56 point in time we may be highly concentrated in a single type of asset, such as junior unsecured loans or distressed debt. Consequently, events which affect a particular asset class disproportionately could have an equally disproportionate effect on us. Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as “follow-on” investments in order to: (1) increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; (2) exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or (3) attempt to preserve or enhance the value of our initial investment. We may elect not to make follow-on investments or otherwise lack sufficient funds to make those investments. Our failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make such follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, because we prefer other opportunities, because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements or because we desire to maintain our tax status. Our investments in the software, internet software & services, and IT services and internet & catalog retail sectors are subject to various risks, including intellectual property infringement issues and rapid technological changes, which may adversely affect our performance. Each industry contains certain industry related credit risks. General risks of companies in the Software, Internet & Catalog Retail, and IT Services sectors include intellectual property infringement liability issues, the inability to protect Internet software and other propriety technology, extensive competition and limited barriers to entry. Generally, the market for Internet software and services is categorized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements and frequent new product introduction and enhancements. If a portfolio company in the Internet software and services sector cannot develop new products and enhance its current products in response to technological changes and competing products, its business and operating results will be negatively affected. In addition, there has been a substantial amount of litigation in the Internet software and services relating to intellectual property rights. Regardless of whether claims that a company is infringing patents or other intellectual property have any merit, these claims are time-consuming and costly. Moreover, an Internet software and services company must monitor the unauthorized use of its intellectual property, which may be difficult and costly. A company’s failure to protect its intellectual property could put it at a disadvantage to its competitors and harm its business, results of operations and financial condition. If an internet software and services company in which we invest is unable to navigate these risks, our performance may be adversely affected. Our investments in the financial services sector are subject to various risks including volatility and extensive government regulation. These risks include the effects of changes in interest rates on the profitability of financial services companies, the rate of corporate and consumer debt defaults, price competition, governmental limitations on a company’s loans, other financial commitments, product lines and other operations and recent ongoing changes in the financial services industry (including consolidations, development of new products and changes to the industry’s regulatory framework). Insurance companies have additional risks, such as heavy price competition, claims activity and marketing competition, and can be particularly sensitive to specific events such as man-made and natural disasters (including weather catastrophes), terrorism, mortality risks and morbidity rates. Our investments in non-U.S. portfolio companies and securities may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. Our investment strategy contemplates that a portion of our investments may be in securities of foreign companies in order to provide diversification or to complement our U.S. investments, although we are required generally to invest at least 70% of our assets in companies organized and having their principal place of business within the U.S. and its possessions. Accordingly, we may invest on an opportunistic basis in certain non-U.S. companies, including those located in emerging markets, that otherwise meet our investment criteria. In regards to the regulatory requirements for business development companies, some of these investments may not qualify as investments in “eligible portfolio companies,” and thus may not be considered “qualifying assets.” “Eligible portfolio companies” generally include U.S. companies that are not investment companies and that do not have securities listed on a national exchange or, if they have listed securities, they have a market capitalization of less than $250 million. If at any time less than 70% of our gross assets are comprised of qualifying assets, including as a result of an increase in the value of any non-qualifying assets or decrease in the value of any qualifying assets, we would generally not be permitted to acquire any additional non-qualifying assets until such time as 70% of our then current gross assets were comprised of qualifying assets. We would not be required, however, to dispose of any non-qualifying assets in such circumstances. In addition, investing in foreign companies, and particularly those in emerging markets, may expose us to 57 additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. These risks may be more pronounced for portfolio companies located or operating primarily in emerging markets, whose economies, markets and legal systems may be less developed. Further, we may have difficulty enforcing our rights as equity holders in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, to the extent we invest in non-U.S. companies, we may face greater exposure to foreign economic developments. Although it is anticipated that most of our investments will be denominated in U.S. dollars, our investments that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency may change in relation to the U.S. dollar. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we can offer no assurance that we will, in fact, hedge currency risk or, that if we do, such strategies will be effective. As a result, a change in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our profitability. The effect of global climate change may impact the operations of our portfolio companies. There may be evidence of global climate change. Climate change creates physical and financial risk and some of our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. For example, the needs of customers of energy companies vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of our portfolio companies if the use of energy products or services is material to their business. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our portfolio companies’ financial condition, through decreased revenues. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. Other risks associated with climate change include risks related to the impact of climate-related legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), as well as risks related to climate-related business trends. We may invest in “covenant-lite” loans, which could have limited investor protections, and expose us to different and increased risks. We may invest in, or obtain exposure to, obligations that may be “covenant-lite,” which means such obligations lack, or possess fewer, financial covenants that protect lenders. Covenant-lite agreements feature incurrence covenants, as opposed to more restrictive maintenance covenants. Under a maintenance covenant, the borrower would need to meet regular, specific financial tests, while under an incurrence covenant, the borrower only would be required to comply with the financial tests at the time it takes certain actions (e.g., issuing additional debt, paying a dividend, making an acquisition). A covenant-lite obligation contains fewer maintenance covenants than other obligations, or no maintenance covenants, and may not include terms that allow the lender to monitor the performance of the borrower and declare a default if certain criteria are breached. Furthermore, in the event of default, covenant-lite loans may exhibit diminished recovery values as the lender may not have the opportunity to negotiate with the borrower prior to default. As a result, our exposure to losses from these loans may be increased. Risks Related to Our Operations as a BDC While our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted under the 1940 Act, we have received an exemptive order from the SEC permitting certain affiliated investments subject to certain conditions. As a result, the Advisor may face conflicts of interests and investments made pursuant to the exemptive order conditions could in certain circumstances adversely affect the price paid or received by us or the availability or size of the position purchased or sold by us. Any person that is an affiliate of ours for purposes of the 1940 Act generally is prohibited from participating in certain transactions such as co-investing with, or buying or selling any security from or to us, absent the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. However, the Advisor and the funds managed by the Advisor have received an exemption from certain SEC regulations prohibiting transactions with affiliates. The exemptive order requires that certain procedures be followed prior to making an investment subject to the order and such procedures could in certain circumstances adversely affect the price paid or received by us or the availability or size of the position purchased or sold by us. The Advisor may also face conflicts of interest in making investments pursuant to the exemptive order. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain "joint" transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. We are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person who owns more than 25% of our voting securities and from or to certain of that person's affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval 58 of the SEC (other than certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance). The analysis of whether a particular transaction constitutes a joint transaction requires a review of the relevant facts and circumstances relating to the particular transaction. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors or their affiliates. Regulations governing our operation as a BDC may limit our ability to, and the way in which we raise additional capital, which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and may hinder the Advisor's ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. Our business requires a substantial amount of capital. We may acquire additional capital from the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or from the additional issuance of senior securities (including debt and preferred stock). However, we may not be able to raise additional capital in the future on favorable terms or at all. We may issue debt securities or preferred securities, which we refer to collectively as “senior securities,” and we may borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act permits us to issue senior securities or incur indebtedness only in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150% after such issuance or incurrence. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to liquidate a portion of our investments and repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to liquidate a portion of our investments and repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. • Senior Securities . As a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. If we issue preferred securities they would rank “senior” to common stock in our capital structure, preferred shareholders would have separate voting rights and may have rights, preferences or privileges more favorable than those of our common shareholders. Furthermore, the issuance of preferred securities could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common shareholders or otherwise be in the best interests of our common shareholders. • Additional Common Stock . Our Board of Directors may decide to issue common stock to finance our operations rather than issuing debt or other senior securities. As a BDC, we are generally not able to issue our common stock at a price below net asset value, or issue securities convertible into common stock, without first obtaining the required approvals from our shareholders and our independent directors. If our common stock trades at a discount to net asset value, those restrictions could adversely affect our ability to raise equity capital. Except in connection with the exercise of warrants or the conversion of convertible securities, in any such case the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price, that in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities at the relevant time. We may also make rights offerings to our shareholders. If we raise additional capital by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, the percentage ownership of our common shareholders at that time would decrease, and our common shareholders may experience dilution. Changes in the laws or regulations governing our business or the business of our portfolio companies, or changes in the interpretations thereof or newly enacted legislation and regulations, and any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition of us or our portfolio companies. We are subject to changing rules and regulations of federal and state governments, as well as the stock exchange in which our common stock is listed. These entities, including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market, have issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the course of the last several years and continue to develop additional regulations. For example, the listing standards of the national securities exchanges require us to implement and disclose "clawback" policies mandating the recovery of incentive compensation paid to executive officers in connection with accounting restatements. Changes in the laws or regulations or the interpretations of the laws and regulations that govern BDCs, RICs or non-depository commercial lenders could significantly affect our operations and our cost of doing business. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations and are subject to judicial and administrative decisions that affect our operations, including our loan originations, maximum interest rates, fees and other charges, disclosures to portfolio companies, the terms of secured transactions, collection and foreclosure procedures and other trade practices. If these laws, regulations or decisions change, or if we expand our business into jurisdictions that have adopted more stringent requirements than those in which we currently conduct business, we may have to incur significant expenses in order to comply, or we might have to restrict our operations. In addition, if we do not comply with applicable laws, regulations and decisions, we may lose licenses needed for the conduct of our business and may be subject to civil fines and criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations of financial condition. 59 If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be precluded from investing in certain assets or could be required to dispose of certain assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a BDC, we are prohibited from acquiring any assets other than “qualifying assets” unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $276.8 million, or approximately 17.0%, of our adjusted total assets were not “qualifying assets.” If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we will be prohibited from investing in additional non-qualifying assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inopportune times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of these investments quickly, it may be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. For example, we may have difficulty in finding a buyer and, even if a buyer is found, we may have to sell the investment s at a substantial loss. We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on all of our income if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under the Code, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. Although we are currently qualified as a RIC, no assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain RIC status. To maintain RIC status and be relieved of U.S. federal income taxes on income and gains distributed to its shareholders, we generally must meet the annual distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements described below. To qualify as a RIC under the Code, we generally must meet certain source-of-income, asset diversification and annual distribution requirements. The annual distribution requirement for a RIC will generally be satisfied if we distribute at least 90% of our ordinary income and net short-term capital gain in excess of net long-term capital loss, if any, to our shareholders. Since we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements and other financial covenants under the terms of our Credit Facilities, and we are, in some circumstances, also subject to similar requirements under the 1940 Act. The requirements could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to corporate-level income tax. To qualify as a RIC, we generally must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. Failure to meet these tests may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because we anticipate that most of our investments will be in private companies, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and become subject to corporate-level income tax, the resulting corporate-level income taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. There is a risk that you may not receive distributions or that our distributions may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. We intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our shareholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of one or more of the

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, service providers, counterparties and clients, as well as the systems of third parties that could significantly and adversely impact BlackRock’s business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. Operational incidents can arise as a result of failures by third parties with which BlackRock does business, such as failures by internet, communication technology and cloud service providers or other vendors to adequately follow processes and procedures, safeguard their systems, or prevent system disruptions or cyberattacks. Third-party risks are included within BlackRock’s ERM framework, and risk identification and mitigation are supported by BlackRock’s cybersecurity program. BlackRock also performs diligence on certain third parties and monitors cybersecurity threats and risks identified through such diligence. vi. Education and Awareness: BlackRock’s employees and contractors receive communications on its evolving information security policies and procedures and are required to complete an annual information security training to equip them with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats. 66 BlackRock’s global information security team, in collaboration with the technology risk and internal audit teams, engages in the periodic assessment and testing of BlackRock’s cyber risks and cybersecurity program. These efforts may include a wide range of activities, including audits, assessments, wargames and “tabletop” exercises, threat modeling, vulnerability testing and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures and planning. BlackRock also participates in financial services industry and government forums to improve both internal and sector cybersecurity defense. BlackRock regularly engages third parties and advisors to assess its cybersecurity control environment. The results of certain program and control assessments are reported to the Risk Committee, and BlackRock adjusts its cybersecurity program as appropriate based on the information provided by these assessments. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company is not aware of any cybersecurity risks that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company’s business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Cybersecurity Governance The Board of Directors of the Company periodically receives reports from BlackRock and from the Advisor regarding BlackRock’s cybersecurity program. Team members who support the Company's information security program have relevant educational and industry experience. At the BlackRock parent level, BlackRock’s Board is actively engaged in the oversight of BlackRock’s risk management program. The Risk Committee assists the Board with its oversight of BlackRock’s levels of risk, risk assessment, risk management and related policies and processes, including risks arising from cybersecurity threats. The Risk Committee receives regular reports on BlackRock’s cybersecurity program, technology resilience risk management and related developments from members of our information security team, including the CISO. The Board and the Risk Committee also receive information regarding cybersecurity incidents that meet certain reporting thresholds. On an annual basis, senior members of BlackRock’s technology, risk and information security teams provide a comprehensive overview of BlackRock’s cyber risk and related programs to a joint session of the Board’s Risk and Audit Committees. Technology and cybersecurity risks at BlackRock are also overseen by the TRCC, a dedicated management risk governance committee and sub-committee of the firmwide ERC. The chair of the TRCC is appointed by the head of Enterprise Risk Management at BlackRock and its members include the CISO as well as a broad range of senior business stakeholders across BlackRock. The TRCC is responsible for oversight of BlackRock’s technology and cybersecurity risk management practices and helps ensure that technology and cybersecurity risks remain within firmwide risk tolerances and technology and cybersecurity risk issues are escalated as appropriate to the ERC and other committees. The TRCC also reviews any relevant technology and cybersecurity risk related issues and helps ensure that they are appropriately escalated, reported, and remediated. BlackRock’s cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes, which are discussed in greater detail above, are led by BlackRock's CISO. As of December 31, 2025, the CISO had over 31 years of experience in information technology with a 25-year concentration in information security, including previously serving as the CISO at several global financial institutions, and held the Certified Information Systems Security Professional certification. The CISO works closely with the leadership team and other subject matter experts in the global cybersecurity group, who collectively have extensive prior work experience in various roles involving managing information security, developing cybersecurity strategy, implementing effective information and cybersecurity programs and overseeing cybersecurity controls in technology risk and audit functions , as well as having relevant degrees and industry-leading certifications. The CISO and members of the TRCC monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management processes described above, including the operation of BlackRock’s incident response plan. 67

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components, ordinary income and capital gains. Each component was payable or distributable quarterly in arrears (or upon termination of the Advisor as the investment manager or SVCP’s general partner as its general partner, as of the termination date) beginning January 1, 2013 and calculated as follows: Each of the two components of incentive compensation was separately subject to a total return limitation. Thus, notwithstanding the following provisions, we were not obligated to pay or distribute any ordinary income incentive compensation or any capital gains incentive compensation if our cumulative total return did not exceed an 8% annual return on daily weighted average contributed common equity. If our cumulative annual total return was above 8%, the total cumulative incentive compensation we paid was not more than 20% of our cumulative total return, or, if lower, the amount of our cumulative total return that exceeded the 8% annual rate. Subject to the above limitation, the ordinary income component was the amount, if positive, equal to 20% of the cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation, less cumulative ordinary income incentive compensation previously paid or distributed. 15 Subject to the above limitation, the capital gains component was the amount, if positive, equal to 20% of the cumulative realized capital gains (computed net of cumulative realized losses and cumulative net unrealized capital depreciation), less cumulative capital gains incentive compensation previously paid or distributed. For assets held on January 1, 2013, capital gain, loss and depreciation are measured on an asset by asset basis against the value as of December 31, 2012. The capital gains component was paid or distributed in full prior to payment or distribution of the ordinary income component. For purposes of the foregoing computations and the total return limitation, the following definitions apply: • “cumulative” means amounts for the period commencing January 1, 2013 and ending as of the applicable calculation date. • “contributed common equity” means the value of net assets attributable to our common stock as of December 31, 2012 plus the proceeds to us of all issuances of common stock less (A) offering costs of any of our securities or leverage facilities, (B) all distributions by us representing a return of capital and (C) the total cost of all repurchases of our common stock by us, in each case after December 31, 2012 and through the end of the preceding calendar quarter in question, in each case as determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. • “ordinary income before incentive compensation” means our interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) during the period, (i) minus our operating expenses during the period (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock), (ii) plus increases and minus decreases in net assets not treated as components of income, operating expense, gain, loss, appreciation or depreciation and not treated as contributions or distributions in respect of common equity, and (iii) without reduction for any incentive compensation and any organization or offering costs, in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. • “total return” means the amount equal to the combination of ordinary income before incentive compensation, realized capital gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation of the Company for the period, in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. 16 If our total return did not exceed the total return limitation, the limitation would not have had the effect of eliminating the possibility of paying such incentive compensation, but rather would have postponed any incentive compensation until our cumulative annual total return exceeded the 8% threshold. The nature of the total return limitation may have also made it easier for the Advisor to earn incentive compensation in higher interest rate environments or if our net asset value had increased. Total Return Limitation (based on cumulative annual total return) Percentage of ordinary income and net realized capital gain separately payable at various levels of total return. The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements for the relevant periods include a calculation of total return based on the change in the market value of our shares. The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements for the relevant periods also include a calculation of total return based on the change in our net asset value from period to period. The total return limitation for purposes of the incentive compensation calculations was based on the stated elements of return: ordinary income before incentive compensation, realized capital gain and loss and unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation. It differs from the total return based on the market value or net asset value of our shares in that it was a cumulative measurement that is compared to our daily weighted-average contributed common equity rather than a periodic measurement that is compared to our net asset value or market value, and in that it excludes incentive compensation. Incentive Compensation pursuant to the current investment management agreement Under the current investment management agreement, dated February 9, 2019, the incentive compensation equals the sum of (1) 20% of all ordinary income since January 1, 2013 through February 8, 2019 and 17.5% thereafter and (2) 20% of all net realized capital gains (net of any net unrealized capital depreciation) since January 1, 2013 through February 8, 2019 and 17.5% thereafter, less ordinary income incentive compensation and capital gains incentive compensation previously paid. However, incentive compensation will only be paid to the extent the cumulative total return of the Company after incentive compensation and including such payment would equal or exceed a 7% annual return on daily weighted average contributed common equity. Total Return Limitation (based on cumulative annual total return) Percentage of ordinary income and net realized capital gain separately payable at various levels of total return. The incentive compensation is payable quarterly in arrears (or upon termination of the Advisor as the investment manager, as of the termination date). For assets held on January 1, 2013, capital gain, loss and depreciation are measured on an asset by asset basis against the value as of December 31, 2012. The capital gains component is paid or distributed in full prior to payment or distribution of the ordinary income component. 17 For purposes of the foregoing computations, the following definitions apply: • “cumulative” means amounts for the period commencing January 1, 2013 and ending as of the applicable calculation date. • “contributed common equity” means the value of net assets attributable to our common stock as of December 31, 2012 plus the proceeds to us of all issuances of common stock less (A) offering costs of any of our securities or leverage facilities, (B) all distributions by us representing a return of capital and (C) the total cost of all repurchases of our common stock by us, in each case after December 31, 2012 and through the end of the preceding calendar quarter in question, in each case as determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. • “ordinary income before incentive compensation” means our interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) during the period, (i) minus our operating expenses during the period (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock), (ii) plus increases and minus decreases in net assets not treated as components of income, operating expense, gain, loss, appreciation or depreciation and not treated as contributions or distributions in respect of common equity, and (iii) without reduction for any incentive compensation and any organization or offering costs, in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. • “total return” means the amount equal to the combination of ordinary income before incentive compensation, realized capital gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation of the Company and any other items affecting net asset value per share of the Company for the period (other than incentive compensation), in each case determined on an accrual and consolidated basis. The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements include a calculation of total return based on the change in the market value of our shares. The financial highlights in the notes to our financial statements also include a calculation of total return based on the change in our net asset value from period to period. The total return hurdle for purposes of the incentive compensation calculations is based on the stated elements of return as defined above, and differs from the total return based on the market value or net asset value of our shares in that it is a cumulative measurement that is compared to our daily weighted-average contributed common equity rather than a periodic measurement that is compared to our net asset value or market value, and in that it excludes incentive compensation. 18 Examples of Incentive Compensation Calculation Example 1: Income Portion of Incentive Compensation: Assumptions • Total return hurdle (1) = 7% Alternative 1 a. Additional Assumptions i. cumulative gross ordinary income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 11.5% ii. cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation (gross ordinary income - (management fee + other expenses)) = 9% iii. cumulative annual total return = 6% b. Cumulative total return does not exceed total return hurdle, therefore there is no income incentive compensation. Alternative 2 a. Additional Assumptions i. cumulative gross ordinary income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 10% ii. cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation (gross ordinary income - (management fee + other expenses)) = 7.5% iii. cumulative annual total return = 8.5% b. Tentative incentive compensation = 17.5% x ordinary income before incentive compensation = 17.5% x 7.5% = 1.3% c. Total return after incentive compensation = 8.5% - 1.3% = 7.2% d. Cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation is positive and the cumulative total return after    incentive compensation exceeds the total return hurdle, therefore incentive compensation is fully payable. Alternative 3 a. Additional Assumptions i. cumulative gross ordinary income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 10% ii. cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation (gross ordinary income — (management fee + other expenses)) = 7.5% iii. cumulative annual total return = 8.0% (1) Represents 7.0% annualized total return hurdle. • Management fee = 1.5% Represents 1.5% annualized management fee, assuming no liabilities and no leverage above 1.0x debt to equity. • Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 1% Excludes organizational and offering costs. b. Tentative incentive compensation = 17.5% x ordinary income before incentive compensation = 17.5% x 7.5% = 1.3% 19 c. Total return after tentative incentive compensation = 8.0% - 1.3% = 6.7% d. Cumulative ordinary income before incentive compensation is positive and the total return hurdle is less than total return but greater than total return after tentative incentive compensation, therefore incentive compensation is partially payable and = Total return – total return hurdle = 8.0% - 7.0% = 1.0% Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Compensation: Alternative 1: a. Assumptions i. Year 1: $20 million investment made in Company A (“ Investment A ”), and $30 million investment made in Company B (“ Investment B ”). ii. Year 2: Investment A sold for $50 million and fair market value, or fair market value (“FMV”), of Investment B determined to be $32 million. Cumulative annual total return of 40%. iii. Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $25 million. Cumulative annual total return of 15%. iv. Year 4: Investment B sold for $31 million. Cumulative annual total return of 10%. b. The capital gains portion of the incentive compensation would be: i. Year 1: None. ii. Year 2: Capital gains incentive compensation of $5.25 million ($5.25 million = $30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 17.5% and total return hurdle satisfied). iii. Year 3: None; no realized capital gains. iv. Year 4: Capital gains incentive compensation of $0.175 million ($31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 17.5%, less $5.25 million of capital gains incentive compensation paid in year 2 and total return hurdle satisfied). Alternative 2 a. Assumptions i. Year 1: $20 million investment made in Company A (“ Investment A ”), $30 million investment made in Company B (“ Investment B ”) and $25 million investment made in Company C (“ Investment C ”). ii. Year 2: Investment A sold for $50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be $25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be $25 million. Cumulative annual total return of 15%. iii. Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $27 million and Investment C sold for $30 million. Cumulative annual total return of 6%. iv. Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be $35 million. Cumulative annual total return of 20%. v. Year 5: Investment B sold for $40 million. Cumulative annual total return of 20%. b. The capital gains portion of the incentive compensation would be: i. Year 1: None. ii. Year 2: Capital gains incentive compensation of $4.375 million; 17.5% multiplied by $25 million ($30 million realized capital gains on Investment A less $5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B, and the total return hurdle is satisfied). 20 iii. Year 3: None as the total return hurdle is not satisfied. iv. Year 4: Capital gains incentive compensation of $1.75 million ($35 million cumulative realized capital gains (including $5 million of realized capital gains from year 3 at a time when the total return hurdle was not satisfied and no cumulative unrealized capital depreciation) multiplied by 17.5%, less $4.375 million capital gains incentive compensation paid in year 2, and the total return hurdle is satisfied). v. Year 5: Capital gains incentive compensation of $1.75 million ($45 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 17.5%, less $6.125 million in capital gains incentive compensation paid in years 2 and 4, and the total return hurdle is satisfied). Payment of our expenses All investment professionals and staff of the Advisor, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services (including health insurance, 401(k) plan benefits, payroll taxes and other compensation related matters), are provided and paid for by the Advisor. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those relating to: • our organization; • calculating our net asset value and net asset value per share (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); • expenses, including travel expense, incurred by the Advisor or payable to third parties in performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, monitoring our investments and, if necessary, enforcing our rights; • interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; • the costs of all future offerings of common stock and other securities, if any; • the base management fee and any incentive compensation; • distributions on our shares; • administration fees payable under our administration agreement; • transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; • the allocated costs incurred by our Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; • amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, evaluating, making and disposing of investments; • brokerage fees and commissions; • registration fees; • listing fees; • taxes; • director fees and expenses; • costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC; • the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our shareholders, including printing costs; • costs of holding shareholder meetings; • our fidelity bond; • directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; • litigation, indemnification and other non-recurring or extraordinary expenses; 21 • direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including audit and legal costs; • dues, fees and charges of any trade association of which we are a member; and • all other expenses reasonably incurred by us or the Administrator in connection with administering our business, such as the allocable portion of overhead under our administration agreement, including rent and other allocable portions of the cost of certain of our officers and their respective staffs. From time to time, the Advisor may pay amounts owed by us to third party providers of goods or services. We will subsequently reimburse the Advisor for such amounts paid on our behalf. Limitation of liability and indemnification The investment management agreement provides that the Advisor and its officers, directors, employees and affiliates are not liable to us or any of our shareholders for any act or omission by it or its employees in the supervision or management of our investment activities or for any loss sustained by us or our shareholders, except that the foregoing exculpation does not extend to any act or omission constituting willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its obligations under the investment management agreement. The investment management agreement also provides for indemnification by us of the Advisor’s members, directors, officers, employees, agents and control persons for liabilities incurred by it in connection with their services to us, subject to the same limitations and to certain conditions. Board and shareholder approval of the investment management agreement Our Board of Directors held in-person meetings on October 28-29, 2025, in order to consider and reapprove our investment management agreement. In its consideration of the investment management agreement, the Board of Directors focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: (a) the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by the Advisor; (b) comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other business development companies with similar investment objectives; (c) our financial performance, operating expenses and expense ratio compared to business development companies with similar investment objectives; (d) any existing and potential sources of indirect income to the Advisor from its relationships with us and the profitability of those relationships; (e) information about the services performed and the personnel performing such services under the investment management agreement; (f) the organizational capability and financial condition of the Advisor and its affiliates; (g) the Advisor’s practices regarding the selection and compensation of brokers that execute our portfolio transactions and the brokers’ provision of brokerage and research services to our investment advisor; and (h) the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers or through an internally managed structure. Based on the information reviewed and the discussions, the Board of Directors, including a majority of the non-interested directors, concluded that the investment management fee rates are reasonable in relation to the services to be provided. Duration and termination The investment management agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date of shareholder approval and thereafter will remain in effect from year to year if approved annually by our Board of Directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons. The investment management agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The investment management agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. Any termination by us must be authorized either by our Board of Directors or by vote of our shareholders. See “

