TICKER: TGL
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain could increase the costs of their products or services to consumers, potentially causing
consumers to limit their spending or seek products or services from alternative businesses that may not be registered as a merchant with
us, which may ultimately affect the total number of users using our platform and harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Our offline and online merchants obtain their
products, or the raw materials comprised of their products or used in their services, from manufacturers and distributors located around
the world, and may have entered into long-term contracts or exclusive agreements that would ensure their ability to acquire the types
and quantities of products or raw materials they desire at acceptable prices and in a timely manner. Any potential disruption in and other
risks relating to the offline or online merchants’ supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or Russia’s invasion
of Ukraine, could increase the costs of their products or services to consumers, potentially causing consumers to limit their spending
or seek products or services from alternative businesses that may not be registered as a merchant with us, which may ultimately affect
the total number of users using our platform and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 30 Our business will be exposed to foreign
exchange risk. We derive most of our revenue from the operations
of our ZCITY App in Malaysia and expect to derive our revenue from Malaysia, other SEA countries and Japan in the future. Our functional
currencies will by necessity be the currencies of the countries of SEA and Japan. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. We translate
our results of operations using the average exchange rate for the period, unless the average is not a reasonable approximation of the
cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the
dates of the transactions, and we translate our financial position at the period-end exchange rate. Accordingly, any significant fluctuation
between the currencies of countries of SEA and Japan on the one hand and the U.S. dollar on the other could expose us to foreign exchange
risk. Some of the currencies of the countries of SEA
are not freely convertible. The foreign exchange management regime of many SEA countries has transitioned from a system of fixed multiple
exchange rates controlled by the state banks to a system of flexible exchange rates regulated largely by market forces, though transfers
of currency is regulated and controlled in some countries. A significant depreciation in many of the currencies of countries of SEA against
major foreign currencies may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition because our reporting
currency is the U.S. dollar. There can be no assurance, that the governments will continue to relax their foreign exchange regulations,
that they will maintain the same foreign exchange policy or that there will be sufficient foreign currency available in the market for
currency conversions. If, in the future, the regulations restrict our ability to convert local currencies or there is insufficient foreign
currency available in the market, we may be unable to meet any foreign currency payment obligations. Fluctuations in exchange rates in the Malaysian
Ringgit (“RM”) could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities. The value of the RM against the U.S. dollar and
other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in Malaysia’s political and economic conditions.
The value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RM and between those currencies
and other currencies in which our revenue may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RM relative to the U.S.
dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business
or results of operations. As we rely entirely on revenues earned in Malaysia, any significant revaluation of RM may materially and adversely
affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from
an offering of our securities into RM for our operations, appreciation of the RM against the U.S. dollar could cause the RM equivalent
of U.S. dollars to be reduced and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Conversely, if we decide to convert our RM into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making dividend payments on our common stock or for other
business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RM, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the RM we convert would be reduced. In
addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a change to our operations and a reduction in
the value of these assets. We may not be able to maintain the listing
of our common stock on Nasdaq, which could adversely affect our liquidity and the trading volume and market price of our common stock
and decrease or eliminate your investment. On August 17, 2023, we received a letter from
Nasdaq notifying us that we were no longer in compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq
under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). Although Nasdaq has granted us 180 calendar days, or until February 13, 2024, to regain compliance
with the Bid Price Rule. On February 27, 2024, the Company effected a 1:70 reverse stock split of its shares of common stock. On March
20, 2024, the Company received a letter from the Panel informing the Company that since the common stock of the Company had traded at
$1.00 per share or greater for a 10 consecutive business day period between February 27, 2024 and March 20, 2024. Accordingly, the Company
has regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule and this matter is closed. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to
be in compliance and Nasdaq could make a determination to issue another notice regarding such incompliance. 31 Any delisting determination by Nasdaq could seriously
decrease or eliminate the value of an investment in our common stock and other securities linked to our common stock. While a listing
on an over-the-counter exchange could maintain some degree of a market in our common stock, we could face substantial material adverse
consequences, including, but not limited to, the following: limited availability for market quotations for our common stock; reduced liquidity
with respect to and decreased trading prices of our common stock; a determination that shares of our common stock are “penny stock”
under the SEC rules, subjecting brokers trading our common stock to more stringent rules on disclosure and the class of investors to which
the broker may sell the common stock; limited news and analyst coverage for our Company, in part due to the “penny stock”
rules; decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; and potential breaches under or
terminations of our agreements with current or prospective large stockholders, strategic investors and banks. The perception among investors
that we are at heightened risk of delisting could also negatively affect the market price of our securities and trading volume of our
common stock. Geopolitical conditions, including acts
of war or terrorism or unrest in the regions in which we operate could adversely affect our business. Most of our operations and business activities
are conducted in Malaysia, whose economy and legal system remain susceptible to risks associated with an emerging economy and which is
subject to higher geopolitical risks than developed countries. Social and political unrest could give rise to various risks, such as loss
of employment and safety and security risks to persons and property. Additionally, our operations could be disrupted by acts of war, terrorist
activity or other similar events, including the current or anticipated impact of military conflict and related sanctions imposed on Russia,
Belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian political, business, and financial organizations by the
United States and other countries due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. It is not possible to predict the broader
consequences of the conflict, including related geopolitical tensions, and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and
other countries in respect thereof as well as any counter measures or retaliatory actions by Russia or Belarus in response, including,
for example, potential cyberattacks or the disruption of energy exports, is likely to cause regional instability, geopolitical shifts,
and could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional economies and the global economy. Any such event
may in turn have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and all of our directors and all our officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for
you to enforce your rights based on U.S. Federal Securities Laws against us and our officers and directors or to enforce a judgment of
a United States court against us or our officers and directors. All of our directors and officers reside outside
of the United States. In addition, substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
laws against us in the courts of either the U.S. or Malaysia and, even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, to enforce such
judgments in Malaysian courts. Our failure to maintain effective internal
controls over financial reporting could have an adverse impact on us. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate
internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could
adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management’s
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal
controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of management’s assessment of our internal
controls over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting firm’s attestation to or report on management’s assessment
of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. In preparing our consolidated financial statements
as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024, we and our independent registered public accounting firms identified 2 material weaknesses
and other control deficiencies including significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the
standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. A “material weakness” is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 32 The material weaknesses identified included the
following: (1) Inadequate U.S. GAAP expertise. The current accounting staff is inexperienced in applying U.S. GAAP standard as they are
primarily engaged in ensuring compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) accounting and reporting
requirement for our consolidated operating entities, and thus require substantial training. The current staff’s accounting skills
and understanding as to how to fulfill the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting, including subsidiary financial statements consolidation,
are inadequate; and (2) Inadequate internal audit function. We lack of a functional internal audit department or personnel that monitors
the consistencies of the preventive internal control procedures and lack of adequate policies and procedures in internal audit function
to ensure that our policies and procedures have been carried out as planned. Following the identification of the material weaknesses
and control deficiencies, we plan to take remedial measures including (i) hiring more qualified accounting personnel with relevant U.S.
GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the financial reporting function and to set up a financial and system
control framework; (ii) implementing regular and continuous U.S. GAAP accounting and financial reporting training programs for our accounting
and financial reporting personnel; (iii) establishing internal audit function by engaging an external consulting firm to assist us with
assessment of Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance requirements and improvement of overall internal control; and (iv) strengthening corporate
governance. However, the implementation of these measures may not fully address the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. Our failure to correct the material weaknesses or our failure to discover and address any other material weaknesses or control
deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our consolidated financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable
financial reporting requirements and related regulatory filings on a timely basis. As a result, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stocks, may be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, ineffective
internal control over financial reporting significantly hinders our ability to prevent fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no system of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Further, controls can
be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management override of the controls. The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. If we fail to have effective controls and procedures
for financial reporting in place, we could be unable to provide timely and accurate financial information which could result in an investigation
by the SEC and civil or criminal sanctions; investors losing confidence in the accuracy of our periodic reports filed under the Exchange
Act; and a decline in our stock price. We are an “emerging growth company”
under the JOBS Act and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our
common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are not applicable
to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote
on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 33 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words,
an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. We will remain an “emerging growth company”
until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed $1.235 billion,
if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The elimination of personal liability against
our directors and officers under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights held by our directors, officers and employees
may result in substantial expenses. Our certificate of incorporation, as amended (“Certificate
of Incorporation”) eliminates the personal liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent permissible under Delaware law. Further, our bylaws (“Bylaws”) provide
that we are obligated to indemnify each of our directors or officers to the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware law and, subject
to certain conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending any action, suit or proceeding prior to its
final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage
awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further, those provisions and resulting costs may discourage
us or our stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers for breaches of their fiduciary
duties, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our stockholders. We have not paid dividends in the past and
do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the value of our stock. We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future
earnings to support the development of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment
of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board after taking into account various factors, including, but not limited to,
our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to
at the time. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited by Delaware state law. Accordingly, investors
must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their
investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Cybersecurity incident and ongoing cyber
risk We operate cloud-based systems and third-party integrations to support
our platform and software services. In May 2025 we detected unauthorized changes to our domain, DNS, and email configurations, which caused
us to suspend operations on our ZCITY App for 44 days, however no evidence of data exfiltration or compromise involving customer data,
financial information, or internal systems was found and the incident did not have any material adverse effect on our business or financial
prospects. We have increased our security protocols and migrated to a new domain for our ZCity App. However, cybersecurity events may
recur and could result in operational disruption, loss of data, regulatory inquiries, litigation, reputational harm, and additional costs
for response and remediation. If any of these events were to occur it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
condition. Customer and prepayment concentration A limited number of customers and counterparties accounted for a meaningful
portion of our revenues, receivables and prepayments. If a major customer reduces or delays orders, or if prepayments to project counterparties
are not realized as planned, our results of operations and liquidity could be adversely affected, including potential impairments or allowances. Regulatory Risks Failure to comply with laws and regulations
applicable to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose customers or otherwise harm our business. Our business is subject to regulation by various
governmental agencies in Malaysia, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing compliance with various legal obligations,
such as privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations, intellectual property laws, employment and labor laws, workplace safety,
governmental trade laws, import and export controls, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and tax laws and regulations. These laws and
regulations impose added costs on our business. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to: ● investigations, enforcement
actions, and sanctions; ● mandatory changes to our network
and products; ● disgorgement of profits, fines,
and damages; ● civil and criminal penalties
or injunctions; 34 ● claims for damages by our customers
or channel partners; ● termination of contracts; ● failure to obtain, maintain
or renew certain licenses, approvals, permits, registrations or filings necessary to conduct our operations; and ● temporary or permanent debarment
from sales to public service organizations. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or
if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be
adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of our management’s attention
and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could materially harm our business, results of operations
and financial condition. Any reviews by regulatory agencies or legislatures
may result in substantial regulatory fines, changes to our business practices and other penalties, which could negatively affect our business
and results of operations. Changes in social, political and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics
may cause us to change our business practices. Further, our expansion into a variety of new fields also could raise a number of new regulatory
issues. These factors could negatively affect our business and results of operations in material ways. Moreover, we are exposed to the risk of misconduct,
errors and failure to functions by our management, employees and parties that we collaborate with, who may from time to time be subject
to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings or otherwise face potential liability and penalties in relation to noncompliance
with applicable laws and regulations, which could harm our reputation and business. Regulation of the internet generally could
have adverse consequences on our business. We are also subject to regulations and laws in
Malaysia specifically governing the internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the Internet,
e-commerce or other online services, and increase the cost of providing online services. These regulations and laws may cover sweepstakes,
taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications,
consumer protection, broadband residential Internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. It is not clear how existing
laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the internet and e-commerce.
Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. Privacy regulations could have adverse consequences
on our business. We receive, collect, store, process, transfer
and use personal information and other user data. There are numerous international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection,
information security and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure and protection of personal information
and other content, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among countries, or
conflict with other laws and regulations. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related
to privacy, data protection and information security. We strive to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and other legal
obligations relating to privacy, data protection and information security to the extent possible. However, the regulatory framework for
privacy and data protection worldwide is, and is likely to remain for the foreseeable future, uncertain and complex, and it is possible
that these or other actual or alleged obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that we do not anticipate or that is inconsistent
from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Further, any significant change to applicable laws,
regulations, or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security or disclosure of our users’ data, or their
interpretation, or any changes regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of users for the collection, use, retention
or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our services and features, possibly in
a material manner, which we may be unable to complete, and may limit our ability to store and process user data or develop new services
and features. We also expect that there will continue to be
new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in various
jurisdictions. 35 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply
with our posted privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties or any other legal obligations or regulatory
requirements relating to privacy, data protection or information security may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions,
litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause
our users to lose trust in us, and otherwise have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance
with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our users may limit the
adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our ZCITY App. Additionally, if third parties we work with violate
applicable laws, regulations or agreements, such violations may put our users’ data at risk, could result in governmental investigations
or enforcement actions, fines, litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result
in significant liability, cause our users to lose trust in us and otherwise have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Further,
public scrutiny of or complaints about technology companies or their data handling or data protection practices, even if unrelated to
our business, industry or operations, may lead to increased scrutiny of technology companies, including us, and may cause government agencies
to enact additional regulatory requirements, or to modify their enforcement or investigation activities, which may increase our costs
and risks. Regulation of gift cards or “E-vouchers”
could have adverse consequences on our business. Our platform’s payment system inevitably
provides our customers with reward points that may or may not be deemed gift certificates, store gift cards, general-use prepaid cards
or other vouchers or “gift cards,” subject to, various laws of multiple jurisdictions. Many of these laws include specific
disclosure requirements and prohibitions or limitations on the use of expiration dates and the imposition of certain fees. Various companies
that provided deal products similar to ours around the world are currently or were defendants in purported class action lawsuits. The application of various other laws and regulations
to our products is uncertain. These include laws and regulations pertaining to unclaimed and abandoned property, partial redemption, revenue-sharing
restrictions on certain trade groups and professions, sales and other local taxes and the sale of alcoholic beverages. In addition, we
may become, or be determined to be, subject to United States federal or state laws or laws in Malaysia or other countries where we operate
regulating money transmitters or aimed at preventing money laundering or terrorist financing, including the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA
Patriot Act and other similar future laws or regulations in the United States and in the applicable SEA or East Asia countries. If we become subject to claims or are required
to alter our business practices as a result of current or future laws and regulations, our revenue could decrease, our costs could increase
and our business could otherwise be harmed. In addition, the costs and expenses associated with defending any actions related to such
additional laws and regulations and any payments of related penalties, fines, judgments or settlements could harm our business. The requirements of being a public company
are complex and have increased costs. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations increases
our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems
and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business
and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a
result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results.
We may need to hire more employees in the future to maintain compliance with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance
costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in
many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated
by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and
standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time
and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards
differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may
initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 36 We also expect that being a public company and
these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required
to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for
us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board, particularly to serve on our audit committee and renumeration committee, and
qualified executive officers. As a result of disclosure of information in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our prior SEC filings, our business and financial condition has become more visible, which we believe
may result in increased threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful,
our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these
claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating
results. Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and Malaysia anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We are required to comply the Malaysia’s
anti-corruption laws and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery
or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition, we are required to
maintain records that accurately and fairly represent our transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Foreign
companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and
other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in Malaysia. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential
treatment from personnel of some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who
might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although we inform our personnel that such practices
are illegal, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences
that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our brand and reputation,
our sales activities or the price of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected if we become the target of any negative publicity
as a result of actions taken by our employees or other agents. Litigation is costly and time consuming
and could have a material adverse effect our business, results or operations and reputation. We and/or our directors and officers may be subject
to a variety of civil or other legal proceedings, with or without merit. From time to time in the ordinary course of our business, we
may become involved in various legal proceedings, including commercial, employment and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental
and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources
and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of any such actions
may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Even if the claims are without merit, the costs
associated with defending these types of claims may be substantial, both in terms of time, money, and management distraction. In particular,
patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict and may require
us to stop offering certain features, purchase licenses or modify our products and features while we develop non-infringing substitutes
or may result in significant settlement costs. The results of litigation and claims to which
we may be subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or
without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our
business, results or operations and reputation. 37 We face potential liability and expense
for legal claims based on the content on our ZCITY App. We face potential liability and expense for legal
claims relating to the information that we publish on our website and our ZCITY App, including claims for copyright or trademark infringement,
among others. These claims could divert management time and attention away from our business and result in significant costs to investigate
and defend, regardless of the merits of the claims. In some instances, we may elect or be compelled to remove content or may be forced
to pay substantial damages if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to defend against these claims. If we elect or are compelled to remove
valuable content from our website or mobile app, our ZCITY App may become less useful to consumers and our traffic may decline, which
could have a negative impact on our business and financial performance. Our intellectual property rights may be
inadequate to protect us against others claiming violations of their proprietary rights and the cost of enforcement could be significant. The future success of our business is dependent
upon the intellectual property rights surrounding our technology, including trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation.
Although we will seek to protect our proprietary rights, our actions may be inadequate to protect any proprietary rights or to prevent
others from claiming violations of their proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that other companies are not investigating or developing
other technologies that are similar to our technology. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may be unenforceable or
limited in certain countries, and the global nature of the Internet makes it impossible to control the ultimate designation of our technology.
Any of these claims, with or without merit, could subject us to costly litigation. If the protection of proprietary rights is inadequate
to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished. Any
of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Effective trade secret, copyright, trademark and
domain name protection is expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration requirements and expenses
and the costs of defending our rights. We are seeking to protect our trademarks and domain names in an increasing number of jurisdictions,
a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location. Litigation may be necessary to enforce
our intellectual property rights, protect our respective trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed
by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management
and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may incur significant costs in enforcing
our trademarks against those who attempt to imitate our brand. If we fail to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property rights,
our business and operating results may be harmed. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position could be harmed. In addition to patent protection, we also rely
upon copyright and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees,
consultants and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information. In addition to contractual measures, we try to
protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Such
measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access,
provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating
our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy
to protect our interests fully. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our product that
we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive
and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, trade secret violations
are often a matter of state law, and the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. In addition,
trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential
or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently
developed by a competitor, our business and competitive position could be harmed. 38 Third parties may assert that our employees
or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. We employ individuals who previously worked with
other companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not
use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants
or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary
information, of a former employer or other third party. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending
any such claims or settling those claims, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs
and be a distraction to management and other employees. Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity We maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity program
designed to protect our information systems and digital assets, including identity and access management controls, network security monitoring,
employee awareness training, and periodic third-party assessments. Our cybersecurity policies are reviewed by management and overseen
by the board’s audit committee at least annually. We regularly evaluate emerging threats and update our security controls and incident-response
procedures accordingly. Incident and Remediation Summary In May 2025, we detected unauthorized changes
to our domain, DNS, and email configurations originating from administrative credentials retained by a former employee. The impact was
limited to a brief email-routing disruption; all production systems remained fully operational. Based on internal reviews and independent
external assessment, we found no evidence of data exfiltration or compromise involving customer data, financial information, or internal
systems, and the issue was contained on the same day it was discovered. Upon detection, we immediately purged and rotated
credentials across all critical systems, enforced company-wide multi-factor authentication, closed orphaned accounts, and moved registrar
and DNS administration under centralized secure access controls. We also hardened email authentication (SPF, DKIM, DMARC), implemented
registry-level domain locks and DNSSEC, and completed a secure migration of domain and DNS records to a new registrar environment. We have since completed a forensic investigation,
automated off-boarding and access-revocation processes, established 24/7 SIEM/SOC monitoring for identity and domain anomalies, and conducted
targeted cybersecurity training. Our domain, DNS, and email operations are now fully stabilized and secured, with quarterly access reviews
and ongoing monitoring to ensure continued resilience. The incident did not have a material impact on our operations or financial
condition.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors for technical
and maintenance service and approximately $5.7 million of collaboration deposit made to Credilab Sdn. Bhd. (“CLSB”), decrease
in customer deposits of approximately $75,000, as we recognized member service revenue in the current period from certain merchant prepayments
made in the prior period, and decrease in contract liabilities of approximately $0.2 million, primarily as a result of increased revenue
recognized from the ZCITY reward program due to a higher volume of customer reward redemptions, offset by non-cash items of depreciation,
amortization, allowance for credit losses, stock-based compensation, long-live assets impairment and unrealized loss on marketable securities
amounted to approximately $21.6 million, decrease of prepayment of approximately $0.1 million due to the utilization of prior-period prepayments
for inventory purchases, and (iii) increase of approximately $2.9 million in other payables and accrued liabilities as we made approximately
$2.7 million provision related to settlement of cash compensation requested by V Gallant Sdn. Bhd. pursuant to the Service Agreement dated
October 29, 2024, as supplemented on March 28, 2025, to reflect the decline in our share price. Net cash used in operating activities for the
year ended June 30, 2024 was approximately $4.7 million and was mainly comprised of the net loss of approximately $6.6 million, non-cash
other incomes of approximately $1.0 million from software developing service related to VCI’s project, and approximately $0.2 million
from disposal of Foodlink and its subsidiaries as mentioned above in other expense, net, increase of prepayments of approximately
$0.1 million as our vendors required us to make deposit to secure the purchase, decrease of customer deposit of approximately $0.1 million
as we realized more membership subscription revenue from the customer deposit collected from prior period, and decrease of other payables
and accrued liabilities of approximately $0.1 million as made timely payment to our service providers, offset by non-cash items of depreciation,
amortization, allowance for credit losses, stock-based compensation and unrealized loss on marketable securities amounted to approximately
$2.4 million, decrease of inventories of approximately $0.3 million as we reduced our purchase and intended to maintain a more effective
inventory level, decrease of approximately $0.4 million in other receivables and other current assets is attributed to the utilization
of prepaid information technology and insurance expenses from previous periods in the current period, and increase of approximately
$0.3 million in accounts payable as we made more purchases on account. 50 Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2025
was approximately $5.9 million which mainly due to remittance of approximately $5.7 million to CLSB as a collaboration deposit to support
CLSB’s credit service activities for the Portfolio Clients, and approximately $0.2 million prepayment of purchase consideration
for acquisition of Tien Ming Distribution Sdn Bhd. Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended June 30, 2024 was approximately $0.3 million, which was mainly due to purchase of equipment and intangible assets of approximately
$17,000, and $0.2 million, respectively, for our operations used, and approximately $45,000 of cash released, net of cash received from
disposal of Foodlink and its subsidiaries. Financing Activities Net cash provided financing activities the years
ended June 30, 2025 was approximately $15.4 million, which mainly comprised of approximately $15.4 million net proceeds received from
issuance of common stock through market offering, subscription agreement and share purchase agreement, approximately $64,000 proceed received
from exercised of warrants, and loan proceed of approximately $51,000, offset by payments of insurance loan and related party loan of
approximately $54,000. Net cash provided financing activities for the
year ended June 30, 2024 was approximately $0.4 million, which mainly comprised of repayment to convertible notes, insurance loan and
related party loan of approximately $3.6 million, offset by approximately $3.5 million net proceeds received from issuance of common stock
and Pre-Funded Warrants related to the November 2023 Offering, approximately $0.4 million net proceeds received from issuance of common
stock related to the Marketing Offering, and approximately $16,000 capital contribution. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including
arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits. Critical Accounting Estimate Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We have identified certain accounting estimates that
are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These estimates are important for an understanding of our financial condition
and results of operation. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements
and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management’s current judgments.
We believe the following critical accounting estimates involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of
our financial statements. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Significant accounting estimates reflected in our consolidated
financial statements include the estimated retail price per point and estimated breakage to calculate the revenue recognized in our loyalty
program revenue, the useful lives of property and equipment, impairment of long-lived assets, provision for estimated credit losses, write-down
for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventories, realization of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position, fair value of our
stock price to determine the beneficial conversion feature (“BCF”) within the convertible note, fair value of the stock-based
compensation, fair value of the marketable securities and fair value of the warrants issued. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
amount, net of an allowance for uncollectible accounts and do not accrue interest. We offer various payments terms to customers from cash
due on delivery to 90 days based on their credit history. Accounts receivable encompass amounts due from sales of healthcare products
on our ZCITY platform. Management also periodically evaluates individual customer’s financial condition, credit history and the
current economic conditions to make adjustments in the allowance when it is considered necessary. Account balances are charged off against
the allowance when all collection efforts have been exhausted, and recovery potential is deemed remote. Our management reviews historical
accounts receivable collection rates across all aging brackets and has made 100% provision of credit loss for customer balances aged above
120 days for sales of healthcare products on our ZCITY platform. Our management continuously assesses the reasonableness of the credit
loss allowance policy and updates it as needed. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, we recorded $9,924 and $1,100 of provision for estimated
credit losses, respectively. 51 Inventories Our inventories are recorded at the lower of cost
or net realizable value, with cost determined using the first-in-first-out (FIFO) method. These costs encompass gift cards or ‘E-voucher’
pin codes, which are acquired from our suppliers as merchandise goods or store credit, as well as healthcare products. Management conducts
regular comparisons between the cost of inventories and their net realizable value. If the net realizable value is lower than the cost,
an allowance is made for inventory write-down. Ongoing assessments of inventories are carried out to identify potential write-downs due
to estimated obsolescence or unmarketability. This determination is based on the difference between the inventory costs and the estimated
net realizable value, considering forecasts for future demand and market conditions. Once inventories are written down to the lower of
cost or net realizable value, they are not subsequently marked up based on changes in underlying facts and circumstances. Our management
has reviewed the aforementioned factors and has applied a 100% write-down for inventories aged above 180 days related to our E-voucher
and health care products. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, $0 and $483 write-downs for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable
inventories were recorded. Other receivables and other current assets,
net Other receivables and other current assets consist
of prepayment to third parties for cyber security service, director & officer liability insurance (“D&O Insurance”),
and other professional fee. Other receivables and other current assets also include refundable advance to third party service provider,
and other deposits. Starting from July 1, 2023, we had adopted ASC Topic 326 on our other receivables using the modified retrospective
approach. The new credit loss guidance replaces the old model for measuring the allowance for credit losses with a model that is based
on the expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under the new accounting guidance, we measure credit losses on its other receivables
using the current expected credit loss model under ASC 326. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, we have provided allowance for credit loss of
$1,078,353 and $212,758, respectively. Impairment for long-lived assets Long-lived assets, including property and equipment
with finite lives are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as a significant adverse change to market
conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. We assessed
the recoverability of the assets based on the undiscounted future cash flows the assets are expected to generate and recognize an impairment
loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset plus net proceeds expected from disposition
of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset. If an impairment is identified, we would reduce the carrying amount
of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flows approach or, when available and appropriate, to comparable market
values. $19,517,303 and $0 impairment for long-lived assets were recorded as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Investment in marketable
securities Investments in marketable
securities, net, consist of investments in listed shares, which are listed on Nasdaq. Marketable securities are accounted for under ASC 321
and reported at their readily determinable fair values as quoted by market exchanges with changes in fair value recorded in other (expense)
income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. All changes in a marketable security’s fair value are
reported in earnings as they occur, as such, the sale of a marketable security does not necessarily give rise to a significant gain or
loss. Unrealized gains/(losses) due to fluctuations in fair value are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. Declines in fair value below cost deemed to be other-than-temporary are recognized as impairments in the consolidated statements
of comprehensive income. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, we recorded an unrealized holding loss on marketable securities of
approximately $0.2 million and 0.8 million, respectively. Revenue recognition Loyalty program - Performance obligations satisfied
over time Our TADAA Technologies reward loyalty program allows members to earn
points on purchases that can be redeemed for rewards that include discounts on future purchases. When members purchase our product or
make purchase with our participated vendor through TADAA Technologies, we allocate the transaction price between the product or service,
and the reward points earned based on the relative stand-alone selling prices and expected point redemption. The portion allocated to
the reward points is initially recorded as contract liability and subsequently recognized as revenue upon redemption or expiration. The two primary estimates utilized to record the
contract liability for reward points earned by members are the estimated retail price per point and estimated breakage. The estimated
retail price per point is based on the actual historical retail prices of product purchased or service obtained through the redemption
of reward points. We estimate breakage of reward points based on historical redemption rates. We continually evaluate our methodology
and assumptions based on developments in retail price per point redeemed, redemption patterns and other factors. Changes in the retail
price per point and redemption rates have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the contract liability through current period
revenue by an amount estimated to represent the retail value of all points previously earned but not yet redeemed by loyalty program members
as of the end of the reporting period. 52 Customized Software development Service revenue - Performance obligations satisfied
over time We recognize revenue from customized software
development services over time using the cost-to-cost input method to measure progress toward satisfaction of our performance obligations.
This approach requires us to make critical estimates and judgments, including determining total estimated costs to complete each contract
and assessing progress toward completion. Changes in project scope, complexity, or estimated costs may significantly impact the timing
and amount of revenue we recognize. We also evaluate whether we have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date
and whether control is transferred continuously to the customer. Any revisions to total estimated contract costs or anticipated losses
are recorded in the period in which the changes are identified. Income taxes Deferred taxes are accounted for using the asset
and liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable tax profit. In principle,
deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it
is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred tax is calculated
using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged
or credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which case the deferred
tax is also dealt with in equity. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current income taxes are provided for in accordance
with the laws of the relevant taxing authorities. An uncertain tax position is recognized as a benefit
only if it is “more likely than not” that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized on
examination. For tax positions not meeting the “more likely than not” test, no tax benefit is recorded. Stock-based compensation We account for stock-based compensation awards to officers in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718, “Compensation – Stock Compensation”, which requires that stock-based payment transactions with
employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the
requisite service period. In June 2024, we executed executive employment agreements (“Employment Agreements”) with three individuals,
appointing them as the Company’s executive officers. Under the terms of the Employment Agreements, each executive officer is entitled
to receive a predetermined monetary value of the Company’s common stock as annual compensation for the first year, with stock compensation
for subsequent years contingent upon performance. The stock compensation is prorated on a monthly basis and is subject to the restrictions
of Securities Act Rule 144. The fair value of the stock-based compensation which included common stock issued were equivalent to the predetermined
monetary value. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, we have incurred stock-based compensation from our officer amounted to approximately
$0.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively based on the vesting schedule from the Employment Agreements. Convertible notes We evaluate our convertible notes to determine
if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives. The result of this accounting treatment is that the
fair value of the embedded derivative is recorded at fair value each reporting period and recorded as a liability. In the event that the
fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statements of operations as other income or expense. In circumstances where the embedded conversion
option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible
instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative
instrument. If the conversion features of conventional convertible
debt provide for a rate of conversion that is below market value at issuance, this feature is characterized as a beneficial conversion
feature. A BCF is recorded by us as a debt discount pursuant to ASC Topic 470-20 “Debt with Conversion and Other Options.”
In those circumstances, the convertible debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF, and we amortize the discount to interest
expense, over the life of the debt. 53 Warrants - Fair value of Pre-Funded
Warrants For the year ended June 30, 2024, 14,000,000 Pre-Funded
Warrants were issued in connection with the November 2023 Offering. The Pre-Funded Warrants are classified as a component of permanent
stockholders’ equity within additional paid-in capital and were recorded at the issuance date using a relative fair value allocation
method. We valued the Pre-Funded Warrants at issuance concluding the purchase price approximated the fair value and allocated net proceeds
from the purchase proportionately to the common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants, of which $1,398,600 was allocated to the Pre-Funded Warrants
and recorded as a component of additional paid in capital. - Fair value of Alumni Capital
warrants We account for the purchase warrants issued to
Alumni Capital LP (“Alumni Capital”) as liabilities, which are remeasured at fair value at each reporting period, with changes
in fair value recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of these warrants is estimated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, which requires the use of significant judgment and assumptions, including expected stock price volatility, risk-free
interest rate, expected life of the warrant, and the market price and exercise price of our common stock. These assumptions are highly
subjective and inherently uncertain, and changes in any of these inputs can materially affect the estimated fair value of the warrant
liability. The fair value of the warrants issued to Alumni
Capital which was determined on grant dates by using the Black Scholes model using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility
of 160.20% to 171.88%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 3.72% to 4.37%, (3) expected life of 2.4 years to 2.8 years,
(4) exercise price of $2.22 to $5.15 and (5) stock price of $1.62 to $19.50 on grant date, the date of which the warrants
were issued. Based on above assumption, the fair value of the warrants was estimated to be $2,450,227. The fair value of the warrants issued to Alumni
Capital which was determined on June 30, 2025 by using the Black Scholes model using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility
of 162.92% to 167.27%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 3.71%, (3) expected life of 2.3 years, (4) exercise
price of $1.20 to $2.05 and (5) stock price of $1.10 on June 30, 2025. Based on above assumption, the fair value of the
warrants were estimated to be $383,885. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk. The Company is a smaller reporting company as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 54 Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. TREASURE
GLOBAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2025 and 2024 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 – F-43 F- 1 To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Treasure Global Inc Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Treasure Global Inc and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2024 and 2025, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, change in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2025, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company’s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company had an accumulated deficit and its net cash outflows from operating activities raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management’s plan regarding these matters are described in Note 2. These consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ WWC, P.C. Certified Public Accountants PCAOB ID No: 1171 We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2023. San Mateo, California October 14, 2025 F- 2 TREASURE GLOBAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Stated
in U.S dollar, except for the number of shares) As of As of June 30, June 30, 2025 2024 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 236,895 $ 200,013 Investment in marketable securities - 171,633 Accounts receivable, net 1,592,901 - Inventories, net 13,184 27,467 Other receivables and other current assets, net 3,361,862 186,829 Other receivable, related party 13,723 12,246 Prepayments 304,771 358,526 Total current assets 5,523,336 956,714 OTHER ASSETS Property and equipment, net 109,539 173,678 Intangible assets, net 3,044,877 3,130,936 Operating lease right-of-use assets 114,375 17,257 Other receivables and other assets, non-current, net 6,081,021 - Total other assets 9,349,812 3,321,871 TOTAL ASSETS $ 14,873,148 $ 4,278,585 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Related party loan, current portion $ 5,134 $ 6,338 Insurance loan 40,490 38,371 Accounts payable 19,997 22,441 Customer deposits - 70,080 Contract liability 872 188,748 Other payables and accrued liabilities 3,444,929 508,657 Other payables, related parties 494 761 Operating lease liabilities 36,606 17,257 Income tax payables 120,000 42,456 Total current liabilities 3,668,522 895,109 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES Derivative liabilities 383,886 - Related party loan, non-current portion - 2,743 Operating lease liabilities -non current 77,007 - Total non-current liabilities 460,893 2,743 TOTAL LIABILITIES 4,129,415 897,852 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - - STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Common stock, par value $ 0.00001 ; 600,000,000 shares authorized, 4,149,405 and 33,432 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively* 41 - Additional paid-in capital 72,023,252 41,171,844 Accumulated deficit ( 61,407,562 ) ( 38,030,074 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 128,002 238,963 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 10,743,733 3,380,733 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 14,873,148 $ 4,278,585 * Giving retroactive effect to the 1-for-50 reverse stock split effected on April 7, 2025 The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 3 TREASURE GLOBAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS (Stated
in U.S dollar, except for the number of shares) For the Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 REVENUES $ 2,330,557 $ 22,066,829 COST OF REVENUES ( 660,732 ) ( 21,250,767 ) GROSS PROFIT 1,669,825 816,062 SELLING ( 129,467 ) ( 1,760,921 ) GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE ( 3,630,621 ) ( 4,511,488 ) LONG-LIVE ASSETS IMPAIRMENT ( 19,517,303 ) - RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ( 215,900 ) ( 513,524 ) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION ( 208,445 ) ( 93,111 ) TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES ( 23,701,736 ) ( 6,879,044 ) LOSS FROM OPERATIONS ( 22,031,911 ) ( 6,062,982 ) OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Other income, net 89,354 102,514 Interest expense ( 4,999 ) ( 74,920 ) Net loss on marketable securities ( 170,817 ) ( 828,367 ) Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 1,816,917 - Share-based compensation adjustment ( 2,726,545 ) - Other income from software developing service, net of cost - 675,131 Amortization of debt discount - ( 358,284 ) TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE, NET ( 996,090 ) ( 483,926 ) LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ( 23,028,001 ) ( 6,546,908 ) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES ( 349,487 ) ( 39,715 ) NET LOSS ( 23,377,488 ) ( 6,586,623 ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME Foreign currency translation adjustments ( 110,961 ) 411,580 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS $ ( 23,488,449 ) $ ( 6,175,043 ) LOSS PER SHARE Basic and diluted* $ ( 19.87 ) $ ( 383.54 ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING Basic and diluted* 1,176,722 17,173 * Giving retroactive effect to the 1-for-50 reverse stock split effected on April 7, 2025 The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 4 TREASURE GLOBAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGE IN STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY (Stated
in U.S dollar, except for the number of shares) COMMON
    STOCK* ADDITIONAL ACCUMULATED OTHER TOTAL Number of shares Par value PAID
    IN CAPITAL ACCUMULATED DEFICIT COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Balance as of June 30, 2023 5,115 $ - $ 31,485,736 $ ( 31,443,451 ) $ ( 172,617 ) $ ( 130,332 ) Net loss - - - ( 6,586,623 ) - ( 6,586,623 ) Conversion of convertible note payable 1,360 - 1,811,070 - - 1,811,070 Issuance of common stock to related parties for debts
    cancellation 519 - 321,562 - - 321,562 Issuance of common stock for acquiring intangible assets 12,707 - 3,553,500 - - 3,553,500 Issuance of common stock and prefunded warrants in public
    offering, net of issuance costs 7,433 - 3,457,306 - - 3,457,306 Issuance of common stock at the market offering, net of
    issuance costs 1,898 - 431,811 - - 431,811 Exercise of prefunded warrants into common stock 4,000 - 1,400 - - 1,400 Issuance of common stock - non-employee stock compensation 400 - 82,000 - - 82,000 Employee stock compensation - - 11,111 - - 11,111 Capital contribution - - 16,348 - - 16,348 Foreign currency translation adjustments - - - - 411,580 411,580 Balance as of June 30, 2024 33,432 - 41,171,844 ( 38,030,074 ) 238,963 3,380,733 Net loss - - - ( 23,377,488 ) - ( 23,377,488 ) Issuance of common stock at the market offering, net of
    issuance costs 31,668 - 2,457,390 - - 2,457,390 Issuance of common stock for software development 619,686 6 17,408,573 - - 17,408,579 Employee stock base compensation 33,816 - 208,445 - - 208,445 Issuance of common stock under subscription agreement 71,333 1 1,176,999 - - 1,177,000 Issuance of common stock and warrant under share purchase
    agreement 3,163,680 32 11,737,239 - - 11,737,271 Fair value of warrants allocated to derivative liabilities - - ( 2,450,227 ) - - ( 2,450,227 ) Exercise of warrants into common stock 50,000 1 63,566 - - 63,567 Cashless exercise of warrants into common stock 145,757 1 ( 1 ) - - - Fair value of derivative liabilities upon exercise of warrants - - 249,424 - - 249,424 Rounding upon reverse stock split 45 - - - - - Foreign currency translation adjustments - - - - ( 110,961 ) ( 110,961 ) Balance as of June 30, 2025 4,149,417 $ 41 $ 72,023,252 $ ( 61,407,562 ) $ 128,002 $ 10,743,733 * Giving retroactive effect to the 1-for-50 reverse stock split effected on April 7, 2025 The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 5 TREASURE GLOBAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Stated
in U.S dollar, except for the number of shares) For the Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ ( 23,377,488 ) $ ( 6,586,623 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation 76,970 117,907 Amortization of intangible assets 796,684 612,909 Amortization of debt discounts - 358,284 Amortization of operating right-of-use assets 22,344 34,561 Allowance for credit losses 854,849 395,302 Inventories impairment - 483 Stock-based compensation 208,445 93,111 Other income from software developing service - ( 1,000,000 ) Gain from disposal of subsidiaries - ( 203,333 ) Gain from disposal of motor vehicle ( 19,646 ) - Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ( 1,816,917 ) - Net loss on marketable securities 170,817 828,367 Long-live assets impairment 19,517,303 - Change in operating assets and liabilities - Accounts receivable ( 1,596,297 ) ( 39,559 ) Inventories 16,829 340,605 Other receivables and other assets ( 7,110,970 ) 390,355 Prepayments 92,751 ( 113,183 ) Accounts payable ( 5,740 ) 264,745 Customer deposits ( 75,108 ) ( 90,086 ) Contract liability ( 201,457 ) 33,515 Other payables and accrued liabilities 2,901,795 ( 96,398 ) Operating lease liabilities ( 23,073 ) ( 27,163 ) Income tax payables 86,410 ( 26,605 ) Net cash used in operating activities ( 9,481,499 ) ( 4,712,806 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of equipment ( 14,818 ) ( 16,740 ) Proceeds from sales of motor vehicle 38,864 - Purchases of intangible asset - ( 191,119 ) Prepayment of purchase consideration for business combination ( 223,768 ) - Cash released from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash received - ( 44,755 ) Collaboration deposit ( 5,572,287 ) - Proceeds from sale of investment in marketable securities 816 - Net cash used in investing activities ( 5,771,193 ) ( 252,614 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock in market offering 2,458,453 431,811 Proceeds from Issuance of common stock and warrant under share purchase agreement 11,737,271 - Proceeds from Issuance of common stock under subscription agreement 1,177,000 - Proceeds from issuance of common stock and prefunded warrants in Public Offering - 3,457,306 Proceeds from exercise of warrants into common stock 63,567 - Proceeds received from exercising prefunded warrants - 1,400 Capital contribution - 16,348 Proceed from insurance loan 51,211 - Principal payments of insurance loan ( 49,092 ) ( 184,886 ) Payments of related party loan ( 4,823 ) ( 4,215 ) Other payable, related party - - Repayments of convertible notes - ( 3,367,291 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 15,433,587 350,473 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ( 144,013 ) 221,326 INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 36,882 ( 4,393,621 ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 200,013 4,593,634 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year $ 236,895 $ 200,013 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION Income taxes paid $ 183,222 $ 29,957 Interest paid $ 2,062 $ 51,333 SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH FLOWS INFORMATION Fair value of common stock issued to consultant $ - $ 82,000 Vesting of employee stock compensation $ 208,445 $ 11,111 Conversion of convertible note payable, net of unamortized discounts $ - $ 1,811,070 Right-of-use assets in exchange for operating lease liabilities $ 113,243 $ - Financing insurance premium paid by insurance loan $ 56,669 $ 62,965 Issuance of common stock for software development $ 17,408,579 $ - Acquisition of intangible assets through settlement of other receivables $ 620,000 $ - Marketable securities received as in exchange of software developing service $ - $ 1,000,000 Issuance of common stock to related parties for debts cancellation $ - $ 321,562 Issuance of common stock for acquiring intangible assets $ - $ 3,553,500 Allocation of fair value of derivative liabilities for issuance of common stock $ 2,450,227 $ - Fair value of derivative liabilities upon exercise of warrants $ 249,424 $ - The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 6 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 – Nature of business and organization Treasure Global Inc. (“TGL” or the
“Company”) is a holding company incorporated on March 20, 2020 , under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company
has no substantive operations other than holding all of the outstanding shares of TADAA Technologies Sdn. Bhd (“TADAA Technologies”),
(formerly known as ZCity Sdn. Bhd, and Gem Reward Sdn. Bhd, underwent a name change on July 31, 2024 and July 20, 2023, respectively).
TADAA Technologies was originally established under the laws of the Malaysia on June 6, 2017, through a reverse recapitalization. On March 11, 2021, TGL completed a reverse recapitalization
(“Reorganization”) under common control of its then existing stockholders, who collectively owned all of the equity interests
of TADAA TECHNOLOGIES prior to the Reorganization through a Share Swap Agreement. TADAA TECHNOLOGIES is under common control of the same
stockholders of TGL through a beneficial ownership agreement, which results in the consolidation of TADAA TECHNOLOGIES and has been accounted
for as a Reorganization of entities under common control at carrying value. Before and after the Reorganization, the Company, together
with its subsidiaries is effectively controlled by the same stockholders, and therefore the Reorganization is considered as a recapitalization
of entities under common control in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805-50-25. The consolidation
of the Company and its subsidiaries have been accounted for at historical cost and prepared on the basis as if the aforementioned transactions
had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements in accordance
with ASC 805-50-45-5. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary,
TADAA TECHNOLOGIES, engages in the payment processing industry and operate an online-to-offline (“O2O”) e-commerce platform
known as “ZCITY”. The Company has extensive business interests in creating an innovative O2O e-commerce platform with an instant
rebate and affiliate cashback program business model, focusing on providing a seamless payment solution and capitalizing on big data using
artificial intelligence technology. The Company’s proprietary product is an internet application (or “app”) called “ZCITY
App”. ZCITY App drives user app download and transactions by providing instant rebate and cashback. The Company aims to transform
and simplify a user’s e-payment gateway experience by providing great deals, rewards and promotions with every use in an effort
to make it Malaysia’s top reward and payment gateway platform. On April 12, 2023, the Company entered into a
share sale agreement (the “Agreement”) with Damanhuri Bin Hussien (“DBH”), an unrelated party. Pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase 10,000 units of ordinary shares, representing a 100 % equity interest in Foodlink Global Sdn.
Bhd. (“Foodlink”), along with its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Morgan Global Sdn. Bhd (“Morgan”) and AY Food
Ventures Sdn. Bhd. (“AY Food”), for a consideration of approximately $ 3,000 from DBH. Foodlink, Morgan, and AY Food are engaged in
the operation of sub-licensing restaurant branding and the selling and trading of food and beverage products. Since Foodlink, Morgan,
and AY Food are blank check companies that were incorporated in January 2023 without any operating history prior to the acquisition,
the acquisition of these entities is immaterial to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In May 2024, the Company disposed
of Foodlink and its subsidiaries, Morgan and AY Food, due to continued operating losses. During the years ended June 30, 2025, the Company
launched a new revenue stream by providing customized software development services. This business line is part of the Company’s
broader efforts to explore new growth opportunities and strengthen its capabilities in the technology and digital services sector. F- 7 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The accompanying  consolidated financial
statements reflect the activities of TGL and each of the following entities. Name Background Ownership TADAA Technologies Sdn. Bhd  (formerly known as ZCity Sdn Bhd and Gem Reward Sdn. Bhd.) (“TADAA Technologies”) ● ● ● A Malaysian company Incorporated in June 2017 Operated O2O e-commerce platform known as ZCITY 100 % owned by TGL TADAA Ventures Sdn. Bhd (formerly known as VWXYZ Venture Sdn. Bhd underwent a name change on July 29, 2025.) (“TADAA Ventures”) (2) ● ● ● A Malaysian company Incorporated in July 2024 Holding company 100 % owned by TGL Foodlink Global Sdn. Bhd. (“Foodlink”) (1) ● ● ● A Malaysian company Incorporated in January 2023 Sub-licensing restaurant branding and selling and trading of foods and beverage products. 100 % owned by TGL Morgan Global Sdn. Bhd. (“Morgan”) (1) ● ● ● A Malaysian company Incorporated in January 2023 Sub-licensing restaurant branding and selling and trading of foods and beverage products. 100 % owned by Foodlink AY Food Ventures Sdn. Bhd. (“AY Food”) (1) ● ● ● A Malaysian company Incorporated in January 2023 Sub-licensing restaurant branding and selling and trading of foods and beverage products. 100 % owned by Foodlink (1) Due to recurring loss from the operation of sub-licensing restaurant branding and the selling and trading of food and beverage products. The Company decided to dispose Foodlink and its subsidiaries. On May 24, 2024, the Company, Jeffrey Goh Sim Ik (the “Purchaser”) and Koo Siew Leng (the “Guarantor”) entered into a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”), in which the Company agreed to sell all of its equity interest in Foodlink and its subsidiaries Morgan and AY Food to the Purchaser, in exchange for a total of $ 148,500 , of which shall be payable by the Purchaser to the Company as follows: (i) an initial deposit payable on May 24, 2024; and (ii) the balance of the purchase price payable in eight installment payments starting from May 24, 2024. The Company recognized a gain amounted to $ 203,333 for the year end June 30, 2024 from disposal of Foodlink and its subsidiaries. However, the disposal did not have material impact to the Company’s operations. (2) TADAA Ventures is a holding company incorporated in July 2024, under the laws of Malaysia. As of June 30, 2025, TADAA Ventures has no substantive operations. Note 2 – Summary of significant
accounting policies Going concern In assessing the Company’s liquidity and
the significant doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, the Company monitors and analyzes cash on hand and operating
expenditure commitments. The Company’s liquidity needs are to meet working capital requirements and operating expense obligations.
To date, the Company has financed its operations primarily through cash flows from contributions from stockholders, issuance of convertible
notes from third parties and related parties, related party loans, and various of public offerings. The Company’s management has considered
whether there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern due to: (1) recurring loss from operations of approximately
$ 22.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2025; (2) accumulated deficit of approximately $ 61.4 million as of June 30, 2025; and (3) net
operating cash outflow of approximately $ 9.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2025. On November 30, 2023, the Company closed its November
2023 Offering of (i) 7,433 shares of common stock and (ii) 4,000 pre-funded warrants (the “Pre-Funded Warrants”), each with
the right to purchase one Common Stock, at a public offering price of $ 350 per Pre-Funded Warrants. Upon closing of the November 2023
Offering, the Company received an aggregated net proceed of approximately $ 3.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, and non-accountable
expense. F- 8 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On March 22, 2024, the Company and H.C. Wainwright
& Co., LLC, (the “Manager”) entered into a marketing offering agreement (“Marketing Offering Agreement”).
Pursuant to the Marketing Offering Agreement, the Company intends to issue and sell through or to the Manager, as sales agent and / or
principal from time to time of the Company’s common stock at the Market Offering. As of June 30, 2025, the Company received an
aggregated net proceed of approximately $ 2.9 million, net of broker fee from issuance of common stock which sell through or to the Manager. On October 10, 2024, the Company entered into
a Share Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Alumni Capital LP (“Alumni Capital”), a Delaware limited
partnership which was subsequently amended by the modification agreement (“Modification Agreement”) on January 21, 2025.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation to cause Alumni Capital to purchase up to $ 50,000,000 of the Company’s common stock, par value $ 0.00001 (the “Commitment Amount”), at certain purchase price during the period
beginning on the execution date of the Purchase Agreement and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which Alumni Capital has purchased
$ 50,000,000 of the Company’s common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement or (ii) December 31, 2025. As of June 30, 2025, Alumni
Capital has purchased approximately $ 11.7 million worth of the Company’s common stock, totaling 864,180 shares. The Company has
received approximately $ 11.7 million in net proceeds as of the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. On November 27, 2024, the Company entered into
a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”) with certain investors (the “Investors”). Pursuant to
the Subscription Agreement, the Investors agreed to invest an aggregate amount of $ 1,177,000 (the “Investment Amount”) into
the Company for 71,333 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Offered Shares”), par value $ 0.00001 at a negotiated
purchase price of $ 16.5 (the “Offering”). As of the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the
Company has received aggregate net proceed of $ 1,177,000 . Despite receiving the net proceeds from the various
offerings, and issuance of convertible notes, the Company’s management is of the opinion that it will not have sufficient funds
to meet the Company’s working capital requirements and debt obligations as they become due starting from one year from the date
of this report due to the recurring loss. Therefore, management has determined that there is a significant doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. If the Company is unable to generate significant revenue, it may be required to curtail or cease its operations.
Management is trying to alleviate the going concern risk through the following sources: ● Equity
    financing to support its working capital; ● Financial
    support and credit guarantee commitments from the Company’s related parties. There, however, is no guarantee that the substantial
doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern will be alleviated. Basis of presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”)
for information pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Principles of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All transactions and balances among the Company and its subsidiaries have
been eliminated upon consolidation. A subsidiary is an entity in which the Company,
directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power; or has the power to govern the financial and operating policies,
to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors, or to cast a majority of votes at the meeting of directors. Enterprise-wide disclosure The Company’s Chief Operating Decision
Makers (CODM), which include the Chief Executive Officer and their direct reports, review financial information presented on consolidated
basis. This information is accompanied by a breakdown of revenues from different revenue streams, facilitating resource allocation and
financial performance evaluation. The reporting of operating segments aligns with the internal reports provided to the CODM, a group
composed of specific members of the Company’s management team. F- 9 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Following the disposal of Foodlink and its subsidiaries
on May 24, 2024, the Company ceased its involvement in the food and beverage product distribution and sublicensing operations. During
the year ended June 30, 2025, the Company introduced a new revenue stream through customized software development services. As a result,
the Company now operates through two reportable segments: (i) payment processing and e-commerce operation in its ZCITY platform, and
(ii) customized software development as of June 30, 2025. Use of estimates The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Significant accounting estimates reflected in our consolidated
financial statements include the estimated retail price per point and estimated breakage to calculate the revenue recognized in our loyalty
program revenue and customized software development revenue, useful lives of property and equipment, impairment of long-lived assets,
allowance for credit loss, write-down for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventories, realization of deferred tax assets and
uncertain tax position, fair value of the stock-based compensation, fair value of the marketable securities, and fair value of the warrants
issued. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Foreign currency translation and transaction Transactions denominated in currencies other
than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency
using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss.  The reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars (“US$”) and the
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in US$. The Company’s subsidiaries in Malaysia conducts their
businesses and maintains their books and record in the local currency, Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR” or “RM”), as
its functional currency. In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency
is not US$ are translated into US$, in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, “Translation of Financial Statement”, using the
exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains
and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate component of accumulated
other comprehensive gain or loss within the consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ deficiency. Cash flows are also
translated at average translation rates for the periods, therefore, amounts reported on the consolidated statements of cash flows will
not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets. Translation of foreign currencies into US$ 1 have
been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods: As of June 30, 2025 2024 Period-average MYR: US$1 exchange rate 4.21 4.72 For the years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Period-average MYR: US$1 exchange rate 4.40 4.69 F- 10 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Cash and cash equivalents Cash is carried at cost and represent cash on
hand, time deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of
three months or less. Cash equivalents consist of funds received from customer, which funds were held at the third-party platform’s
fund account, and which are unrestricted and immediately available for withdrawal and use. Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable are recorded at the
invoiced amount less an allowance for any uncollectible accounts and do not bear interest. The Company provides various payment
terms from cash due on delivery to 90 days based on customer’s credibility. Accounts receivable include money due from sales
of software development, and sales of health care product on its ZCITY platform. The carrying value of accounts receivable is
reduced by an allowance for credit losses that reflects the Company’s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected.
An allowance for credit losses is recorded in the period when a loss is probable based on an assessment of specific evidence
indicating collection is unlikely, historical bad debt rates, accounts aging, financial conditions of the customer and industry
trends. Management also periodically evaluates individual customer’s financial condition, credit history, and the current
economic conditions to make adjustments in the allowance for credit losses when it is considered necessary. Account balances are
charged off against the allowance for credit losses after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery
is considered remote. The Company’s management continues to evaluate the reasonableness of the valuation allowance policy and
update it if necessary. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded $ 9,924 , and $ 1,100 of allowance for credit loss,
respectively. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or
net realizable value, cost being determined on a first in first out method. Costs include gift card or “E-voucher” pin code
which are purchased from the Company’s suppliers as merchandized goods or store credit. Costs also included health care products,
foods and beverage products which are purchased from the Company’s suppliers as merchandized goods. Management compares the cost
of inventories with the net realizable value and if applicable, an allowance is made for writing down the inventory to its net realizable
value, if lower than cost. On an ongoing basis, inventories are reviewed for potential write-down for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable
inventories which equals the difference between the costs of inventories and the estimated net realizable value based upon forecasts
for future demand and market conditions. When inventories are written-down to the lower of cost or net realizable value, it is not marked
up subsequently based on changes in underlying facts and circumstances. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, no write-downs for
estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventories were recorded. Other receivables and other current assets,
net Other receivables and other current assets consist
of refundable collaboration deposit related to the partnership agreement with Credilab Sdn. Bhd. In addition, other receivables and other
current assets also include prepayment made by the Company to third parties for software development, cyber security service, director
& officer liability insurance (“D&O Insurance), refundable advance to third party service provider, deposit for investment
and other deposits. Starting from July 1, 2023, the Company adopted
ASC Topic 326 on its other receivables using the modified retrospective approach. The new credit loss guidance replaces the old model
for measuring the allowance for credit losses with a model that is based on the expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under the
new accounting guidance, the Company measures credit losses on its other receivables using the current expected credit loss model under
ASC 326. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company provided allowance for credit loss of $ 1,078,353 and $ 212,053 , respectively. Prepayment Prepayments and deposits are mainly cash deposited
or advanced to suppliers for future inventory purchases. This amount is refundable and bears no interest. For any prepayments determined
by management that such advances will not be in receipts of inventories, services, or refundable, the Company will recognize an allowance
account to reserve such balances. Management reviews its prepayments on a regular basis to determine if the allowance is adequate and
adjusts the allowance when necessary. Delinquent account balances are written-off against allowance for doubtful accounts after management
has determined that the likelihood of collection is not probable. The Company’s management continues to evaluate the reasonableness
of the valuation allowance policy and update it if necessary. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not record allowance
for doubtful account against prepayment. F- 11 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property and equipment, net Property and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets with
no residual value. The estimated useful lives are as follows: Expected useful lives Computer and office
    equipment 5 years Furniture and fixtures 3 - 5 years Motor vehicles 5 years Leasehold improvement 3 years The cost and related accumulated depreciation
of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred, while additions,
renewals and betterments, which are expected to extend the useful life of assets, are capitalized. The Company also re-evaluates the
periods of depreciation to determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives. Intangible assets, net The Company’s acquired intangible assets
with definite useful lives only consist of internal used software. The Company amortizes its intangible assets with definite useful lives
over their estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The Company typically amortizes its internal use software
with definite useful lives on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the contractual terms or the estimated economic lives, which
is determined to be approximately one to five years . As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded $ 19,517,303 and $0 impairment
of intangible assets, respectively. Impairment for long-lived assets Long-lived assets, including property and equipment,
and intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as a significant
adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not
be recoverable. The Company assesses the recoverability of the assets based on the undiscounted future cash flows the assets are expected
to generate and recognize an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset
plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset. If an impairment is
identified, the Company would reduce the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flows approach
or, when available and appropriate, to comparable market values. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, $ 19,517,303 and $0 impairment of long-lived
assets was recognized. Investment in marketable
securities Investments in marketable
securities, net, consist of investments in listed shares, which are listed on Nasdaq. Marketable securities are accounted for under ASC 321
and reported at their readily determinable fair values as quoted by market exchanges with changes in fair value recorded in other (expense)
income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. All changes in a marketable security’s fair value are
reported in earnings as they occur, as such, the sale of a marketable security does not necessarily give rise to a significant gain or
loss. Unrealized gains/(losses) due to fluctuations in fair value are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. Declines in fair value below cost deemed to be other-than-temporary are recognized as impairments in the consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss. F- 12 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Customer deposits Customer deposits represent amounts advanced
by customers on service order. Customer deposits are reduced when the related sale is recognized in accordance with the Company’s
revenue recognition policy. Additionally, customer deposits also include unamortized member subscription revenue. Derivative liabilities A contract is designated as an asset or a liability
and is carried at fair value on the Company’s balance sheet, with any changes in fair value recorded in the Company’s results
of operations. The Company then determines which options, warrants and embedded features require liability accounting and records the
fair value as a derivative liability. The changes in the values of these instruments are shown in the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss as “change in fair value of derivative liabilities”. Convertible notes The Company evaluates its convertible notes to
determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives. The result of this accounting treatment
is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is recorded at fair value each reporting period and recorded as a liability. In the
event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statements of operations as other income
or expense. In circumstances where the embedded conversion
option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible
instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative
instrument. If the conversion features of conventional convertible
debt provide for a rate of conversion that is below market value at issuance, this feature is characterized as a beneficial conversion
feature (“BCF”). A BCF is recorded by the Company as a debt discount pursuant to ASC Topic 470-20 “Debt with Conversion
and Other Options.” In those circumstances, the convertible debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF, and the Company
amortizes the discount to interest expense, over the life of the debt. Upon conversion, the carrying amount of the convertible
note, net of the unamortized discount shall be reduced by, if any, the cash (or other assets) transferred and then shall be recognized
in the capital accounts to reflect the shares issued and no gain or loss is recognized pursuant to ASC Topic 470-20-40-4. Warrants The Company accounts for warrants as either equity
or liability instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, based
on the specific terms and conditions of each warrant. Warrants that meet all criteria for equity classification are recorded in equity
at issuance with no subsequent remeasurement. Warrants that do not meet the equity classification requirements are classified as liabilities
and measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The classification is reassessed at each reporting period. Revenue recognition The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update
(“ASU”) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC Topic 606) for all periods presented. The core principle underlying
the revenue recognition of this ASU allows the Company to recognize - revenue that represents the transfer of goods and services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in such exchange. This will require the Company
to identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time, based
on when control of goods and services transfers to a customer. F- 13 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS To achieve that core principle, the Company applies
five-step model to recognize revenue from customer contracts. The five-step model requires that the Company (i) identify the contract
with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant future reversal will not occur, (iv) allocate the transaction price
to the respective performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies the performance
obligation. The Company accounts for a contract with a customer
when the contract is committed in writing, the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial
substance and consideration is probable of substantially collection. Revenue recognition policies for each type of
revenue stream are as follows: Product revenue - Performance
    obligations satisfied at a point in time The Company primarily sells discounted gift cards
(or E-vouchers) from retailers, health care products and computer products through individual order directly through the Company’s
online marketplace platform and its mobile application (“ZCITY”). In addition, the Company through its subsidiaries, Morgan
and AY Food, engages in sales of food and beverage products. Following the disposal of Foodlink and its subsidiaries on May 24, 2024,
the Company ceased the operation in sales of food and beverage products. When the Company is acting as a principal in the transaction,
the Company accounts for the revenue generated from its sales of E-vouchers, health care products, computer products, and food and beverage
product on a gross basis as the Company is responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified goods, which the Company has
control of the goods and has the ability to direct the use of goods to obtain substantially all the benefits. In making this determination,
the Company assesses whether it is primarily obligated in these transactions, is subject to inventory risk, has latitude in establishing
prices, or has met several but not all of these indicators in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-36 through 40. The Company determined that
it is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good as the Company directly purchases and pays for in
full the applicable E-voucher, health care products and computer products from the vendors prior to posting of such products for sale
on its online marketplace platform and prior to taking any orders for sales of such products. Meanwhile, the Company maintained an average
daily inventory of approximately $ 0.1 million to support an average 53 days of sales during the year ended June 30, 2025, which demonstrate
the Company had control over the products prior to selling it to the customers as the ownership of the products did not transfer
momentarily to the customer after the Company purchased the products from vendors. In addition, the Company cannot return the products
to the vendors due to lack of sales which demonstrated that the Company is subject to inventory risk, and it has discretion in establishing
the price of the products which has demonstrated that the Company has the ability to direct the use of that good or service and obtain
substantially all of the remaining benefits. In certain instances, the Company is acting as
an agent in the transaction and is engaging in drop shipping arrangements for health care, food, and beverage products, where the products
were shipped directly from the vendors to the customers. In these drop shipping transactions, the Company was not primarily responsible
for fulfilling the promise to deliver the products to the customers, and as a result, did not exercise control over the goods or assume
any inventory risks. Therefore, the Company determined that revenue from sales of products under the drop shipping arrangements were
recognized on a net basis. The Company recognizes the sales of E-vouchers,
health care products, computer products, and food and beverage products revenue when the control of the specified goods is transferred
to its customer. No refund or return policy is provided to the customer. Payment is received before the goods are delivered to customers,
as such no financing component has been recognized as the payment terms are for reasons other than financing. The products are sold without
any warranty provided. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, approximately $ 34,000 and $ 0.4 million of product revenues are related
to non-spending related activities with the same amount recorded as selling expenses, respectively. F- 14 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Loyalty program - Performance
    obligations satisfied at a point in time The Company’s ZCITY reward loyalty
program allows members to earn points on purchases that can be redeemed for rewards that include discounts on future purchases. When
members purchase the Company’s product or make purchase with the Company’s participated vendor through ZCITY, the Company
allocate the transaction price between the product and service, and the reward points earned based on the relative stand-alone selling
prices and expected point redemption. The portion allocated to the reward points is initially recorded as contract liability and subsequently
recognized as revenue upon redemption or expiration. The two primary estimates utilized to record
the contract liabilities for reward points earned by members are the estimated retail price per point and estimated breakage. The estimated
retail price per point is based on the actual historical retail prices of product purchased or service obtained through the redemption
of reward points. The Company estimate breakage of reward points based on historical redemption rates. The Company continually evaluates
its methodology and assumptions based on developments in retail price per point redeemed, redemption patterns and other factors. Changes
in the retail price per point and redemption rates have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the contract liabilities through
current period revenue by an amount estimated to represent the retail value of all points previously earned but not yet redeemed by loyalty
program members as of the end of the reporting period. Transactions revenue - Performance
    obligations satisfied at a point in time The transactions revenues primarily consist of
fees charged to merchants for participating in ZCITY upon successful sales transaction and payment service taken place between
the merchants and their customers online. The Company earns transaction revenue from merchants
when transactions are completed on certain retail marketplaces. Such revenue is generally determined as a percentage based on the value
of merchandise or services being sold by the merchants. In connection with the transaction revenue, the Company offers to share the profit
of the transaction (“agent commission”) to the agents who has referred merchants to participating in Company’s online
marketplace platform and in ZCITY. Transaction revenue is recognized, net of agent commission, in the consolidated statements of
operations at the time when the underlying transaction is completed. Member subscription revenue - Performance
    obligations satisfied over time In order to attract more customer to engage with
the Company’s online marketplace and in ZCITY, the Company provides membership subscription to the customers to join the Zmember
program, a membership program that provides member with benefits which included exclusive saving, bonus, and referral rewards. Member
subscription revenue primarily consists of fees charge to customers who sign up for Zmember. As the Company provides customers with 6
months member subscription service in general, member subscription revenue is recognized in the consolidated statement of operation over
time across the subscription period. Sublicense revenue - Performance
    obligations satisfied over time The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Morgan and AY Food, generates revenue by sublicensing the right to use the Licensor’s Trademark to its customers for the period
from July 1, 2023 to May 24, 2024. Since the sublicense fee is charged to customers on a monthly basis throughout the contractual period,
the Company recognizes sublicense revenue in the consolidated statements of operations over the duration of the contract. Furthermore,
the Company establishes itself as the principal in these arrangements, as it possesses the latitude to establish pricing and assumes
the inventory risk associated with fulfilling the minimum payment obligations to the Trademark’s licensor regardless of the number
of sublicensees engaged by the Company during the license period. The Company ceased generating revenue from this revenue stream following
the disposal of Foodlink and its subsidiaries on May 24, 2024. F- 15 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Customized software development service revenue - Performance
    obligations satisfied over time The Company generates revenue from customized
software development services typically include the design, development, and implementation of tailored digital systems and integrated
software solutions. The customized software development service is generally recognized over time as the Company satisfies its performance
obligations, based on its efforts or inputs, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer and the enforceable right to payment
for performance completed to date. Customized software development service revenue
is recognized using an input measure (i.e., costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion) to measure progress.
The Company generally uses the cost-to-cost measure of progress method because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer
as the Company incurs costs on its contracts. Under this method, the extent of progress toward completion is measured based on the ratio
of total costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated
fees or profits, are recognized proportionally as costs are incurred. Any expected losses on customized software development
service contracts in progress are recognized in full in the period the losses are identified. Contract costs include all direct labor
costs, subcontracted developments resources cost, and those indirect costs related to contract performance. Contract modifications that
extend or revise contract terms generally result in recognizing the impact of the revised terms prospectively over the remaining life
of the modified contract (i.e., effectively like a new contract). Disaggregated information of revenues by products/services
are as follows: For the years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Gift
    card or “E-voucher” revenue (1) $ 118,431 $ 20,042,191 Health
    care products, computer products, and food and beverage products revenue (1) 298,722 1,289,846 Loyalty
    program revenue (1) 202,744 123,825 Transaction
    revenue (1) 127,127 61,241 Member
    subscription revenue (2) 103,533 375,949 Sublicense
    revenue (2) - 173,777 Total revenues from ZCITY platform 850,557 22,066,829 Revenue
    from Customized software development (2) 1,480,000 - Total revenue $ 2,330,557 $ 22,066,829 (1) Revenue recognized at a point in time. (2) Revenue recognized over time. Cost of revenue Cost of revenue sold mainly consists of the purchases
of gift cards or “E-voucher” pin codes, and health care products, which are directly attributable to the sales of products
on the Company’s online marketplace platform. In addition, cost of revenue sold also includes the purchase of food and beverage
products for resale, license payments to the Trademark’s licensor for sublicense revenue, and labor and subcontracted development
resource costs related to customized software development services. F- 16 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Advertising costs Advertising costs amounted to $ 99,656 and $ 1,280,393 for
the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 respectively. Research and development Research and development
expenses include salaries and other compensation-related expenses to the Company’s research and product development personnel,
and related expenses for the Company’s research and product development team. Research and development
expenses include salaries and other compensation-related expenses to the Company’s research and product development personnel,
and related expenses for the Company’s research and product development team. Research and development expenses amounted to $ 215,900 and $ 513,524 for
the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Defined contribution plan The full-time employees of the Company are entitled
to the government mandated defined contribution plan. The Company is required to accrue and pay for these benefits based on certain percentages
of the employees’ respective salaries, subject to certain ceilings, in accordance with the relevant government regulations, and
make cash contributions to the government mandated defined contribution plan. Total expenses for the plans were $ 83,771 and
$ 218,945 for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The related contribution plans include: ● Social Security Organization (“SOSCO”) – 1.75 % based on employee’s monthly salary capped of RM 4,000 ; ● Employees Provident Fund (“EPF”) – 12 % based on employee’s monthly salary; ● Employment Insurance System (“EIS”) – 0.2 % based on employee’s monthly salary capped of RM 4,000 ; Income taxes The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP for income taxes. The charge for taxation is based on the results for the fiscal year as adjusted for items, which are
non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred taxes are accounted for using the asset
and liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable tax profit. In principle,
deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that
it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred tax is
calculated using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized, or the liability is settled. Deferred
tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which
case the deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of
management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current income taxes
are provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant taxing authorities. F- 17 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS An uncertain tax position is recognized as a
benefit only if it is “more likely than not” that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 % likely to be realized on
examination. For tax positions not meeting the “more likely than not” test, no tax benefit is recorded. No penalties and
interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. The Company is incorporated in the State of Delaware
and is required to pay franchise taxes to the State of Delaware on an annual basis. The Company conducts much of its business activities
in Malaysia and is subject to tax in its jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company will file separate tax returns
that are subject to examination by the foreign tax authorities. Stock-based compensation The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
awards to executive officers in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, “Compensation – Stock Compensation”, which requires
that stock-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and
recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period. The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
awards to non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 amended by ASU 2018-07. Under FASB ASC Topic 718, stock compensation granted
to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued, whichever
is more reliably measured and is recognized as an expense as the goods or services are received. Comprehensive loss Comprehensive loss consists of two components,
net loss and other comprehensive loss. Net loss refers to revenue, expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an element
of stockholders’ deficiency. Other comprehensive loss is excluded from net loss. Other comprehensive loss consists of a foreign
currency translation adjustment resulting from the Company not using the U.S. dollar as its functional currencies. Earnings (loss) per share The Company computes earnings (loss) per share (“EPS”)
in accordance with ASC 260, “Earnings per Share”. ASC 260 requires companies to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is
measured as net loss divided by the weighted average common stock outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents the dilutive effect
on a per share basis of the potential ordinary shares (e.g., convertible securities, options and warrants) as if they had been converted
at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Potential common stock that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.,
those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. For the years ended
June 30, 2025 and 2024, 463,666 and 28 contingent shares to be issued to the investor, underwriters and convertible note holders
are excluded in the diluted EPS calculation due to its anti-diluted effect, respectively. Fair value measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received for an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Valuation techniques maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. When determining the fair value
measurements for assets and liabilities, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and
considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The following summarizes the three levels
of inputs required to measure fair value, of which the first two are considered observable and the third is considered unobservable: Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. F- 18 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Level 2 - Observable inputs other
than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that
are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The fair value for certain assets and liabilities
such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventories, other receivables and other current assets, prepayments, accounts
payable, customers deposits, contract liabilities, other payables and accrued liabilities have been determined to approximate carrying
amounts due to the short maturities of these instruments. The Company believes that its related party loan, insurance loan, and convertible
notes approximates fair value based on current yields for debt instruments with similar terms. The fair value of investment in marketable
securities is based on market price in an active market (Level 1) at the end of each reporting period. The Company’s warrants issued
to Alumni Capital under Share Purchase Agreement (see Note 13) is not traded in an active securities market (level 3); therefore, the
Company estimates the fair value to those warrants using the Black-Scholes valuation model on grant date and at the end of each reporting
period. The following table presents information about
the Company’s financial asset and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2025 and 2024: June
    30, 2025 Quoted Prices in Active Market (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Input (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Input (Level 3) Liabilities: Derivative liabilities $ 383,886 $ - $ - $ 383,886 June 30, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Market (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Input (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Input (Level 3) $ Assets: Investment in marketable securities $ 171,633 $ 171,633 $ - $ - The following is a reconciliation of the beginning
and ending balance of the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024: Warrant issued under Share Purchase
    Agreement Balance as of June 30, 2023 $ - Change in fair value of derivative liabilities - Balance as of June 30, 2024 - Derivative liabilities recognized at grant date 2,450,227 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ( 1,816,917 ) Exercised of warrants ( 249,424 ) Balance as of June 30, 2025 $ 383,886 F- 19 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Related parties Parties, which can be a corporation or individual,
are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant
influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies are also considered to be related if they are subject
to common control or common significant influence. Lease Effective July 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU
2016-02, “Leases” (Topic 842), and elected the practical expedients that does not require us to reassess: (1) whether any
expired or existing contracts are, or contain, leases, (2) lease classification for any expired or existing leases and (3) initial direct
costs for any expired or existing leases. For lease terms of twelve months or fewer, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy
election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities. If any of the following criteria are met, the Company classifies the
lease as a finance lease: ● The lease transfers ownership
    of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease term; ● The lease grants the lessee
    an option to purchase the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise; ● The lease term is for 75 % or more of the remaining economic life of the underlying asset, unless the commencement date falls within the last 25 % of the economic life of the underlying asset; ● The present value of the sum of the lease payments equals or exceeds 90 % of the fair value of the underlying asset; or ● The underlying asset is
    of such a specialized nature that it is expected to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term. Leases that do not meet any of the above criteria
are accounted for as operating leases. The Company combines lease and non-lease components
in its contracts under Topic 842, when permissible. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”)
asset and lease liability are recognized at the adoption date of July 1, 2022 or the commencement date, whichever is earlier, based on
the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Since the implicit rate for the Company’s leases is not readily determinable,
the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present
value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow, on a collateralized
basis, an amount equal to the lease payments, in a similar economic environment and over a similar term. Lease terms used to calculate the present value
of lease payments generally do not include any options to extend, renew, or terminate the lease, as the Company does not have reasonable
certainty at lease inception that these options will be exercised. The Company generally considers the economic life of its operating
lease ROU asset to be comparable to the useful life of similar owned assets. The Company has elected the short-term lease exception,
therefore operating lease ROU asset and liability do not include leases with a lease term of twelve months or less. Its leases generally
do not provide a residual guarantee. The operating lease ROU asset also excludes lease
incentives. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term for operating lease. F- 20 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company reviews the impairment of its ROU
asset consistent with the approach applied for its other long-lived assets. The Company reviews the recoverability of its long-lived
assets when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment
of possible impairment is based on its ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from the expected undiscounted future pre-tax
cash flows of the related operations. The Company has elected to include the carrying amount of operating lease liability in any tested
asset group and includes the associated operating lease payments in the undiscounted future pre-tax cash flows. For the years ended June
30, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not recognize impairment loss on its operating lease ROU asset. Recent accounting pronouncements The Company considers the applicability and impact
of all accounting standards updates (“ASUs”). Management periodically reviews new accounting standards that are issued. Under
the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the “JOBS Act”), the Company meets the definition of an emerging
growth company and has elected the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which delays the
adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private companies. -Recent accounting pronouncements adopted In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
which is an update to Topic 280, Segment Reporting: Improvements to reportable Segment Disclosures (“ASU 2023-07”), which
enhances the disclosure required for reportable segments in annual and interim consolidated financial statements, including additional,
more detailed information about a reportable segment’s expenses. ASU 2023-07 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
adopted ASU 2023-07 on January 1, 2025, and applied the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in these consolidated
financial statements. Refer to Note 17 segment information. -Recent accounting pronouncements not yet
adopted In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
Debt- Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 47020) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic
81540): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity , which is intended to simplify the accounting
for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on
an entity’s own equity. The guidance allows for either full retrospective adoption or modified retrospective adoption. The guidance
is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the
impact the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
which is an update to Topic 740, Income Taxes. The amendments in this update enhances the transparency and decision usefulness
of income tax disclosures. ASU 2023-09 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted
for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The amendments in this Update should be
applied on a prospective basis. Retrospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of
ASU 2023-07 will have on its consolidated financial statements. On November 4, 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03,
Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (“ASU 2024-03”). ASU 2024-03 amends ASC 220, Comprehensive Income
to expand income statement expense disclosures and require disclosure in the notes to the financial statements of specified information
about certain costs and expenses. ASU 2024-03 is required to be adopted for fiscal years commencing after December 15,
2026, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. F- 21 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-01
Income Statement — Reporting Comprehensive Income — Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40). The FASB issued
ASU 2024-03 on November 4, 2024. ASU 2024-03 states that the amendments are effective for public business entities for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Following the issuance of
ASU 2024-03, the FASB was asked to clarify the initial effective date for entities that do not have an annual reporting period that ends
on December 31 (referred to as non-calendar year-end entities). Because of how the effective date guidance was written, a non-calendar
year-end entity may have concluded that it would be required to initially adopt the disclosure requirements in ASU 2024-03 in an interim
reporting period, rather than in an annual reporting period. The FASB’s intent in the basis for conclusions of ASU 2024-03 is clear
that all public business entities should initially adopt the disclosure requirements in the first annual reporting period beginning after
December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Management is currently
evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company’s disclosures. Except as mentioned above, the Company does not
believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s
consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and comprehensive loss and statements of cash flows. Note 3 – Accounts receivable, net As of June 30, 2025 As
                                            of June 30, 2024 Accounts receivable $ 1,602,825 $ 1,100 Provision for estimated credit losses ( 9,924 ) ( 1,100 ) Total accounts receivable, net $ 1,592,901 $ - Movements of provision for accounts receivable’s estimated credit
losses are as follows: As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Beginning balance $ 1,100 $ 214 Addition 8,512 182,544 Disposal of subsidiaries - ( 180,792 ) Exchange rate effect 312 ( 866 ) Ending balance $ 9,924 $ 1,100 Note 4 – Inventories, net Inventories consist of the following: As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Gift card (or E-voucher) $ 13,184 $ 27,467 F- 22 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 5 – Other receivables and other current assets,
net As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Collaboration deposits (i) $ 5,572,287 $ - Deposits (ii) 210,172 120,880 Prepaid tax 1,768 20,752 Prepaid expense (iii) 62,341 45,201 Prepaid technical support and maintenance fee (v) 3,600,000 - Software development deposit (iv) 725,994 84,823 Prepaid investment (vii) 228,942 - Other receivable (vi) 119,732 127,226 Total other receivables and other current assets 10,521,236 398,882 Provision for estimated credit loss ( 1,078,353 ) ( 212,053 ) Total other receivables and other current assets $ 9,442,883 $ 186,829 Current $ 3,361,862 $ 186,829 Non-current $ 6,081,021 $ - (i) On September 20, 2024, the Company entered into a partnership agreement
(the “Partnership Agreement”) with Credilab Sdn. Bhd. (“CLSB”) for five years. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement,
the Company and CLSB will establish a strategic partnership aimed at leveraging their respective core competencies, resources, and market
expertise to drive mutual benefit and growth, while the Company will periodically provide collaboration deposit fund to CLSB, which CLSB
will be utilized to support CLSB’s credit service activities for the portfolio clients introduced by the Company’s ZCity App
(“Portfolio Clients”). In return, the Company will share half of the revenue and processing fee from CLSB’s profit derived
from Portfolio Client. As of June 30, 2025 the Company has disbursed $ 5,572,287 collaboration deposits to CLSB, of which $ 5,581,021 is
classified as non-current. As of June 30, 2025, $ 115,616 credit loss was recorded against collaboration deposit. (ii) The balance of deposits mainly represented deposit made by the Company to a third-party service provider to secure the service, security deposit consists of rent and utilities, and others. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, $ 118,810 and $ 106,028 estimated credit loss was recorded against doubtful receivables, respectively. (iii) The balance of prepaid expense mainly represented prepayment made by the Company to third parties for cyber security service, director & officer liability insurance (“D&O Insurance”) or other professional service. (iv) The balance of software development deposit consists as following: On July 20, 2023, the Company entered into a software development agreement (the “Agreement”) with Nexgen Advisory Sdn Bhd (“Nexgen”), an unrelated third party. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company engaged with Nexgen in software development related to the creation of an artificial intelligence-powered travel platform. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had made a $ 209,768 service deposit to Nexgen; however, the service had not yet commenced. On September 25, 2023, the Company terminated the Agreement with Nexgen. As of June 30, 2025, $ 114,720 of the service deposit were refunded by Nexgen. As of June 30, 2025, and 2024, $ 95,049 and $ 45,081 estimated credit loss was recorded against the software development deposits. On July 18, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Musli
Development Sdn Bhd (“Musli”) and V Galactech Sdn. Bhd (“V Galactech”) for the provision of subcontractor
services related to developing smart campus management system at the Enforcement Leadership & Management University, Malaysia. Under
the terms of these agreements, both Musli and V Galactech were engaged to provide services including infrastructure cabling, wiring, and
network design consultancy for a total amount of $ 727,626 and $ 242,542 respectively. As of June 30, 2025, the Company had remitted a service
deposit of $ 412,380 and 218,565 to V Gallant and Musli, respectively. As of June 30, 2025, and 2024, $ 630,946 and $ 0 estimated credit
loss was recorded against the software development deposits to V Galactech and Musli. F- 23 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (v) The balance of prepaid technical support and maintenance fee consists as following: On October 10, 2024, the Company entered into a service partnership agreement (the “Partnership Agreement”) with Octagram Investment Limited (“OCTA”), a Malaysian company, to establish a strategic partnership pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Partnership Agreement. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, OCTA shall design, develop and deliver mini-game modules to be integrated into the ZCity App, an E-Commerce platform owned by the Company. In addition, OCTA shall customize the mini-game modules based on the Company’s detailed specification.  The Company agreed to pay a total consideration of (USD 2,800,000 ) (“Service Fees”) to OCTA and/or its nominees by using the Company shares. The Service Fee includes an upfront payment for the development costs of the mini-game modules, as well as the payment of a flat fee of $ 10,000 per month, starting from the delivery of the first mini-game module, for the ongoing technical support for a period of five years. As of June 30, 2025, the first mini-game module has been delivered to the Company. Consequently, a total of $ 600,000 in prepaid technical support fees paid to OCTA through the issuance of the Company’s common stock has been recorded as a prepaid expense, of which $ 500,000 is classified as non-current. On October 29, 2024, the Company entered into a service agreement with
V Gallant Sdn Bhd (“V Gallant”), a Malaysian company, to provide generative AI solutions and AI digital human technology services. On March 24, 2025, the Company entered into a supplemental agreement with V Gallant to amend the above-mentioned service
agreement to require V Gallant to provide and manage GPU servers, network infrastructure, cloud integration, security measures, AI tools,
and user environments to support AI cloud infrastructure. As of June 30, 2025, the Company recorded $ 3,000,000 as a prepaid expense for
services not yet commenced. (vi) The balance of other receivable mainly consists as following: On May 24, 2024, the Company has disposed all of its equity interest in Foodlink and its subsidiaries Morgan and for a consideration of $ 148,500 . As of June 30, 2025 the Company has collected $ 30,568 from the Purchaser, and the remaining is expected to be fully repaid by December 2025.  As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, $ 117,932 and $ 0 estimated credit loss was recorded against other receivable. (vii) The balance of prepaid investment consists as following: On February 11, 2025, TADAA Ventures, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) with Amystic Commerce Sdn Bhd (“Amystic”), a private company incorporated in Malaysia. Pursuant to the SPA, TADAA Ventures will acquire 51 % of the ordinary shares (“the Sale Shares”) in Tien Ming Distribution Sdn Bhd (“Tien Ming”), a private company incorporated in Malaysia principally involved in distribution of all kinds of consumer products, providing logistics and acting as traders. The purchase price for the Sale Shares is RM 5,100.00 . The acquisition is part of TADAA Ventures’s commitment to invest up to RM 3,000,000.00 in the Tien Ming Distribution to support its operations and obligations to provide warehousing and fulfilment delivery services for F&N Beverages Marketing Sdn Bhd. As of June 30, 2025, the acquisition of Tien Ming has not been completed, and the Company has prepaid $ 228,942 purchase consideration toward to the acquisition. F- 24 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Movements of provision for other receivables’ estimated credit
loss are as follows: As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Beginning balance $ 212,053 $ - Addition 846,337 212,758 Exchange rate effect 19,963 ( 705 ) Ending balance $ 1,078,353 $ 212,053 Note 6 – Prepayments As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Deposits to suppliers $ 304,771 $ 358,526 Note 7 – Property and equipment, net Property and equipment, net consist of the following: As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Computer and office equipment $ 184,545 $ 154,772 Furniture and fixtures 81,551 72,778 Motor vehicle - 82,290 Leasehold improvement 151,581 131,369 Subtotal 417,677 441,209 Less: accumulated depreciation ( 308,138 ) ( 267,531 ) Total $ 109,539 $ 173,678 Depreciation expense for the years ended June
30, 2025 and 2024 were amounted to $ 76,970 and $ 117,907 , respectively. Note 8 – Intangible assets, net Intangible assets, net
consisted of the following: As of June 30, As of June 30, 2025 2024 Internal use software development $ 23,980,607 $ 3,743,716 Less: accumulated amortization ( 1,418,427 ) ( 612,780 ) Less: Impairment ( 19,517,303 ) - Total intangible assets, net $ 3,044,877 $ 3,130,936 Amortization expense for the years ended of June 30, 2025 and 2024
was amounted to $ 796,684 and $ 612,909 , respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2025, the Company recognized an impairment
loss of $ 19,517,303 related to internal use software development. The impairment was primarily due to changes in the Company’s business
strategy, which significantly reduced the expected future economic benefits associated with the affected assets. In accordance with ASC
360, the Company determined that the carrying amount of the intangible assets exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected
to result from its use, therefore, the Company recognized an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its
estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flows approach. F- 25 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following table
sets forth the Company’s amortization expense for the next five years ending: Amortization expenses Twelve months ending June 30, 2026 $ 608,976 Twelve months ending June 30, 2027 608,976 Twelve months ending June 30, 2028 608,976 Twelve months ending June 30, 2029 608,976 Twelve months ending June 30, 2030 608,973 Total $ 3,044,877 Note 9 – Investment in marketable securities On July 19, 2023 (“Commencement Date”),
the Company entered into a software developing agreement (“Developing Agreement”) with VCI Global Limited (“VCI”),
an unrelated third party for collaboration and co-operating in the development of an artificial intelligence powered travel platform,
the (“Platform”). Pursuant to the Software Development Agreement, VCI shall remit payment of cash in $ 1,000,000 or issuance
and the allotment of ordinary shares in VCI with an equivalent value of $ 1,000,000 (“VCIG Shares”) within ten business
days from the Commencement Date to the Company as service consideration. Both the Company and VCI had agreed that VCI to issued 286,533 shares
of VCIG Shares at $ 3.49 per share based on 5-day volume weighted average price to the Company as a service consideration in developing
above mentioned Platform. The VCIG Shares shall be issued on a restricted stock basis for a period of six (6) months from the commencement
date of the Software Developing Agreement. Movements in investment in marketable securities
are as follows: At fair value As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Beginning balance $ 171,633 $ - Addition - 1,000,000 Net loss recognized for the year ( 170,817 ) ( 828,367 ) Disposal ( 816 ) - Closing balance $ - $ 171,633 For the years ended June 30, 2025, upon disposal of the marketable
securities for a cash consideration of $ 816 , the Company recognized net loss of marketable securities of $ 170,817 . For the years ended
June 30, 2024, unrealized loss on marketable equity securities were $ 828,367 . Note 10 – Loans and notes Insurance loan On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into
a loan agreement with First Insurance Funding, a third party (the “Premium Finance Agreement”), pursuant to which First Insurance
Funding provided the Company with a short-term loan (“Insurance loan 1”) amounted to $ 264,563 with interest rate of 5.9 %
per annum to be due in ten equal monthly instalments of $ 27,177 . The Insurance loan 1 has been paid in full during the year ended June
30, 2024. In February 2024, the Company entered into another loan agreement with First Insurance Funding, to obtain a short-term loan
(“Insurance loan 2”) of $ 74,078 with interest rate of 9.5 % to be due in ten equal monthly instalments of $ 6,573 . In December
2024, the remaining balance of Insurance loan 2 had been paid in full. In February 2025, the Company entered into another loan agreement
with First Insurance Funding, to obtain a short-term loan (“Insurance loan 3”) of $ 56,669 with interest rate of 10.0 % to
be due in ten equal monthly instalments of $ 5,929 . As of June 30, 2025, the outstanding balance Insurance loan 3 were $ 40,490 . The funds
from Insurance Loan 1,2 and 3 were exclusively allocated towards the payment of the Directors and Officers (D&O) insurance as indicated
on Note 5. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, interest
expenses pertained to the insurance loans amounted to $ 2,671 and $ 4,465 , respectively. F- 26 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Convertible notes The Company evaluated the convertible notes agreement
under ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC 815”). ASC 815 generally requires the analysis embedded terms and features that
have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation and separate accounting in instances where their economic risks and
characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of the host contract. None of the embedded terms required bifurcation
and liability classification. On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”) with YA II PN, Ltd., (“YA II PN”), a third
party. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase agreement, YA II PN agreed to purchase two unsecured convertible notes, in the aggregate principal
amount of up to $ 5,500,000 in a private placement (the “Private Placement”) for a purchase price with respect to each convertible
note of 92 % of the initial principal amount of such convertible notes. The convertible notes accrue or will accrue interest at 4.0 % per
annum and has a 12 -month term after disbursement. The conversion price, as of any conversion date or other date of determination, is
the lower of (i) $ 1.6204 per share of Common Stock (the “Fixed Conversion Price”) or (ii) 93 % of the lowest volume-weighted
average price (“VWAP”) of the common shares on the primary market during the 10 consecutive trading days immediately preceding
the date on which YA II PN exercises its conversion right in accordance with the requirements of the applicable convertible debenture
or other date of determination, but not lower than $ 0.25 per share (the “Floor Price”). The conversion price will be subject
to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split or recapitalization. YA II PN may not during any calendar month convert
more than an aggregate of the greater of (a) 25 % of the aggregate dollar value traded on the Primary Market during such calendar month
or (b) $ 1,100,000 of principal amount of the Convertible Debentures (plus accrued and unpaid Interest) utilizing the variable conversion
price. This limitation shall not apply (i) at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and (ii)
with respect to any conversions utilizing the Fixed Conversion Price. This limitation may be waived with the consent of the Company.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, the Company shall not issue more than 987 shares of Common Stock (the “Exchange
Cap”) pursuant to the terms of the Convertible, except that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company (A) obtains
the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market for issuances of shares of Common Stock
in excess of such amount or (B) obtains a written opinion from outside counsel to the Company that such approval is not required, which
opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the holder of the Convertible Debentures. It is a closing condition to the purchase by the
Buyer of the $ 3,500,000 Convertible Debenture that such shareholder approval be obtained. During the year ended June 30, 2023, YA II PN
purchased two unsecured convertible notes consist of $ 2,000,000 (“Tranche 1”) and $ 3,500,000 (“Tranche 2”) in
principal amount. The Company evaluated the Securities Purchase Agreement under ASC 815, which generally requires the analysis embedded
terms and features that have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation and separate accounting in instances where
their economic risks and characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of the host contract. None of the embedded
terms in the convertible notes required bifurcation and liability classification. However, the Company was required to determine if the
debt contained a beneficial conversion feature (“BCF”), which is based on the intrinsic value on the date of issuance. The
Company evaluated the convertible notes for a beneficial conversion feature in accordance with ASC 470-20 “Debt with Conversion
and Other Options”. The Company determined that the conversion price of Tranche 1 ($ 1.55 ) and Tranche 2 ($ 1.30 ), was below the
market price of Tranche 1 ($ 1.56 ) and Tranche 2 ($ 1.38 ) as per stock price listed in the stock market on February 28, 2023, and June
14, 2023, respectively, therefore, the convertible notes contained a beneficial conversion feature. For the year ended June 30, 2024,
$ 1,782,710 of these convertible notes along with $ 28,360 accrued interest was converted into 806 shares of common stock. On September 28, 2023, a Floor Price trigger
event occurred as the Company’s daily VWAP is less than the Floor Price. According to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company
was obligate to make monthly payments starting on the 10th day after the Trigger Date, consisting of the lesser of $ 1,000,000 or the
outstanding principal amount (the “Triggered Principal Amount”), a 7 % redemption premium on the Triggered Principal Amount,
and accrued unpaid interest. For the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company has remit $ 284,790 redemption premium to YA II PN as a result
of Floor Price triggering event. In December and October 2023, the Company has
collectively repaid $ 3,367,290 principal balance pertained to above mentioned convertible notes. F- 27 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In addition, 8 % of purchase discount in
connection with above mentioned convertible notes amounted to $ 440,000 reduced the carrying value of the convertible note as a debt
discount. The carrying value, net of debt discount, will be accreted over the term of the convertible note from date of issuance to
date of maturity using effective interest rate method. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, amortization of debt discount
were amounted to $0 and $ 358,284 , respectively pertained to convertible notes from YA II PN. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024,
the convertible notes payable, net from YA II PN was amounted to $ 0 . The Company has convertible notes payable, net of unamortized
discounts as follows: Face value of convertible notes payable Unamortized debt discounts Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized discounts Third parties Related parties June 30, 2023 balance $ 5,150,000 $ ( 358,284 ) $ 4,791,716 $ 4,791,716 $ - Amortization of debt discounts - 358,284 358,284 358,284 - Repayments ( 3,367,290 ) - ( 3,367,290 ) ( 3,367,290 ) - Conversion ( 1,782,710 ) - ( 1,782,710 ) ( 1,782,710 ) - June 30, 2024 balance - - - - - Repayments - - - - - Conversion - - - - - June 30, 2025 balance $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, interest
expenses related to the aforementioned convertible notes amounted to $ 0 and $ 69,041 , respectively. Note 11 – Other payables and accrued
liabilities As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Accrued professional fees (i) $ 402,759 $ 202,000 Accrued payroll 33,635 69,147 Accrued interest (ii) 2,661 2,375 Payables to merchant from ZCITY platform (iii) 169,790 201,338 Provision for share-based compensation adjustment (iv) 2,726,545 - Others 109,539 33,797 Total other payables and accrued liabilities $ 3,444,929 $ 508,657 (i) Accrued professional fees The balance of accrued professional
fees represented amount due to third parties service providers which include mobile application developing, marketing consulting service,
IT related professional service, audit fee, tax filing fee, and consulting fee related to capital raising. (ii) Accrued interest The balance of accrued interest represented
the balance of interest payable from convertible notes aforementioned in Note 10. F- 28 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (iii) Payables to merchants from ZCITY platform The balance of payables to merchants
from ZCITY platform represented the amount the Company collected on behalf of merchant from its customer through the Company’s
ZCITY platform. (iv) Provision for share-based compensation adjustment The balance of provision for share-based
compensation adjustment represented the one – off settlement amount to settle cash compensation requested by V Gallant Sdn.
Bhd. pursuant to the Service Agreement dated October 29, 2024, as supplemented on March 28, 2025, to reflect the decline in our
share price. Note 12 – Related party balances and
transactions Related party balances Other receivable, a related party Name of related party Relationship Nature As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Ezytronic Sdn Bhd Jau Long “Jerry” Ooi is a common shareholder Equipment rental deposit $ 13,723 $ 12,246 Other payables, related parties Name of Related Party Relationship Nature As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Ezytronic Sdn Bhd Jau Long “Jerry” Ooi is a common shareholder Operating expense paid on behalf 494 761 Related party loan On December 7, 2020, the Company obtained right
of use of a vehicle through signing a trust of deed with Chan Chong “Sam” Teo, the Chief Executive Officer and a shareholder
of TGL. In return, the Company is obligated to remit monthly installment auto loan payment related to this vehicle on behalf of
the related party mentioned above. The total amount of loan that the Company is entitled to repay is approximately $ 27,000 (RM 114,000 ).
The auto loan bear 5.96 % of interest rate per annum with 60 equal monthly installment payment due on the first of each
month. As of June 30, 2025, such loan has an outstanding balance of $ 5,134 to be due within the next 12 months. The interest expense was $ 359 and $ 1,414 for
the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Related
party transactions Purchase from related parties Name of related party Relationship Nature As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Ezytronic Sdn Bhd Jau Long “Jerry” Ooi is the common shareholder Purchase of products $ - $ 25,446 F- 29 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Equipment purchased from a related party Name of related party Relationship Nature As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Ezytronic Sdn Bhd Jau Long “Jerry” Ooi is the common shareholder Purchase of equipment $ - $ 14,093 Operating expenses from related parties Name of Related Party Relationship Nature For the Year Ended June 30, 2025 For the Year Ended June 30, 2024 VCI Global Limited Shareholder of TGI Operating expense - 15,000 Ezytronic Sdn Bhd Jau Long “Jerry” Ooi is a common shareholder Operating expense 7,948 25,278 True Sight Sdn Bhd Su Huay “Sue” Chuah, the Company’s Chief Marketing Officer is a 40% shareholder of this entity Consulting fees - 33,739 Total $ 7,948 $ 74,017 Common stock issued to related parties for debts cancellation On October 30, 2023, the Company issued a total
of 519 restricted shares of common stock to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chong Chan “Sam” Teo, and shareholder,
Kok Pin “Darren” Tan (collectively, the “Creditors”) in exchange for the cancellation of $ 321,562 in aggregate
indebtedness owed to the Creditors. Capital Contribution In February 2024, the Company’s Chief Executive
Officer, Chong Chan “Sam” Teo, made a capital contribution of $ 16,348 in addition to the debt cancellation, as further consideration
for the common stock issued to him in October 2023. Note 13 – Stockholders’ deficiency Common stock Prior to October 2021, TGL is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares
having a par value of $ 0.00001 per share. In October 2021, TGL increased its authorized shares to 170,000,000 shares as
part of the Reorganization with TADAA Technologies, consisting of 150,000,000 shares of common stock with $ 0.00001 par
value, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock with $ 0.00001 par value. The share capital increased of TGL presented herein
is prepared on the basis as if the Reorganization became effective as of the beginning of the first period presented of shares capital
of TADAA Technologies. On February 22, 2024, a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the “Certificate of Amendment”) that provides for a 1-for-70 reverse
stock split (the “February 2024 Split ”) of its shares of common stock, par value $ 0.00001 per share. On April 2, 2025, the
Company filed another Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware, which effected a 1-for-50 reverse stock split (the “April 2025 Split”) of its Common Stock, par value $ 0.00001 per share. F- 30 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reverse stock split On February 27, 2024, the Company effected a 1:70 reverse stock split of its shares of common stock. Upon execution of the 1-for-70 reverse stock split, the Company recognized additional 8 shares of common stock due to round up issue. On April 7, 2025, the Company effected a 1:50 reverse stock split of its shares of common stock. All shares and per share amounts used herein
and in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been retroactively stated to reflect the effect of the February 2024 Split
and April 2025 Split. Common stock issued upon conversion of
convertible note payable, net of unamortized discounts For the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company
issued 1,360 shares of common stock upon conversion of $ 1,782,710 of convertible note payable, net of unamortized discounts
(Note 10) and accrued interest of $ 28,360 . (Note 10). Common stock issued for consulting services -Marketing service agreement with TraDigital
Marketing Group In May 2024, the Company signed a marketing agreement
(the “Marketing Agreement”) with TraDigital Marketing Group (“TraDigital”) to engage in consulting services for
investor relations and digital marketing. The services are to be provided over three days, commencing on or after May 5, 2024. Pursuant
to the Marketing Agreement, the Company agreed to pay $ 120,000 in cash and to issue 400 shares of the Company’s common stock with
fair value of $ 205 per share to TraDigital in exchange for its consulting services. Common stock issued from the November 2023
Offering, net of issuance costs On November 30, 2023, The Company had closed
the an offering on November 2023 (“November 2023 Offering”) of 7,433 shares of common stock, at a public offering price
of $ 350 per share, and 4,000 Pre-Funded Warrants, each with the right to purchase one Common Stock, at a public offering price of
$ 350 per Pre-Funded Warrant. The Company received net proceeds from November 2023 Offering of approximately $ 3.5 million, net of
underwriting discounts and commissions and fees, other offering expenses amounted to approximately $ 0.5 million. Common stock issued from the Marketing
Offering, net of issuance costs On March 22, 2024, the Company and H.C. Wainwright
& Co., LLC, (the “Manager”) entered into a marketing offering agreement (“Marketing Offering Agreement”).
Pursuant to the Marketing Offering Agreement, the Company intends to issue and sell through or to the Manager, as sales agent and / or
principal from time to time of the Company’s common stock at the Market Offering. As of June 30, 2025, the Company received an
aggregated net proceed of approximately $ 2.9 million, net of broker fee from issuance of 33,566 shares of common stock which sell through
or to the Manager. For the year ended June 30, 2025, the Company received an aggregated net proceed of $ 2,457,390 , net of broker fee from
issuance of 31,668 shares of common stock which sell through or to the Manager. F- 31 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Common stock issued under Share Purchase
Agreement On October 10, 2024, the Company entered into
a Share Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Alumni Capital LP (“Alumni Capital”),
a Delaware limited partnership which was subsequently amended by the Modification Agreement on January 21, 2025. Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation to cause Alumni Capital to purchase up to $ 50,000,000 the
Company’s common stock, par value $ 0.00001 (the “Commitment Amount”), during the period beginning on the execution
date of the Purchase Agreement and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which Alumni Capital has purchased $ 50,000,000 of
the Company’s common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement or (ii) December 31, 2025. In consideration for Alumni Capital’s execution
and performance under the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to Alumni Capital a purchase warrant dated October 10, 2024 (the “Purchase
Warrant”), with a term of three (3) years, to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to ten percent ( 10 %) of the Commitment
Amount divided by the applicable exercise price of the Purchase Warrant. The exercise price per share is determined as follows: (i) for
the first $ 600,000 worth of shares exercised, the exercise price (the “First Exercise Price”) will be calculated by dividing
$ 5,000,000 by the total number of outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock as of the applicable exercise date, and the
number of shares issuable will equal $ 600,000 divided by the First Exercise Price; and (ii) for the remaining $ 4,400,000 worth of shares
exercised, the exercise price (the “Second Exercise Price”) will be calculated by dividing $ 8,500,000 by the total number
of outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock as of the applicable exercise date, and the number of shares issuable will
equal $ 4,400,000 divided by the Second Exercise Price. As of June 30, 2025, Alumni Capital had purchased
approximately $ 11.7 million worth of the Company’s common stock, totaling 3,163,680 shares. Common stock issued under Subscription
Agreement On November 27, 2024, the Company entered into
a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”) with certain investors (the “Investors”). Pursuant to
the Subscription Agreement, the Investors agreed to invest an aggregate amount of $ 1,177,000 (the “Investment Amount”) in
exchange for 71,333 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Offered Shares”), with a par value of $ 0.00001 per share,
at a negotiated purchase price of $ 16.5 per share (the “Offering”). As of June 30, 2025, the Company had issued all 71,333 shares to the Investors for total consideration of $ 1,177,000 . Common stock issued for acquiring intangible
assets - AI Lab Martech
Sdn. Bhd. On October 12, 2023,
the Company, and AI Lab Martech Sdn. Bhd. (the “Licensor”) entered into a License and Service Agreement (the “License
Agreement”), in which the Licensor shall provide a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to use and operate an
AI software solutions (the “AI Software”) in exchange for the issuance of $ 563,000 worth of common stock of the Company,
or 841 shares valued at $ 670 per share. The License Agreement is for a period of 12 months. - VT Smart Venture Sdn Bhd On December 19, 2023, the Company and VT Smart
Venture Sdn Bhd (the “Developer”), a company that is in the business of, among other things, technology services, entered
into a Software Development Agreement (the “Agreement”), in which the Developer shall provide application, services and turnkey
solutions on software development in various aspects, including customization, software design layout, creative media platform development,
artificial embedded and artificial intelligence related media platform and design in exchange for $ 1,000,000 worth of common stock, par
value $ 0.00001 per share, of the Company, or 2,857 shares valued at $ 350 per share. The Agreement is for a period of one month. - Myviko Holding Sdn. Bhd On March 12, 2024, the Company and Myviko Holding
Sdn. Bhd. (the “Seller”) entered into a Software Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), in which the
Seller agreed to transfer all rights, title and interest to the Company, including without limitation, all computer software and its
source code and software licenses in exchange for the issuance of $ 1,000,000 worth of common stock, par value $ 0.00001 per share, of
the Company. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Shares will be issued within 5 business days from the effective date of the Purchase
Agreement and will be restricted securities and not be listed on any exchange. On March 12, 2024, the Company has issued 3,968 shares
of the Company’s common stock to the Seller value at $ 252 per share. F- 32 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - MYUP Solution Sdn Bhd On April 8, 2024, The Company and MYUP Solution
Sdn Bhd (the “Seller 2”), a company that is in the business of, among other things, technology services, entered into a Software
Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement 2”), in which the Seller 2 agreed to sell to the Company a certain software application
in exchange for $ 495,500 worth of common stock, par value $ 0.00001 per share, of the Company, or 2,521 shares valued at $ 197 per share.
On April 8, 2024, the Company has issued 2,521 shares of the Company’s common stock to the Seller 2. - Falcon Gateway Sdn Bhd On May 27, 2024, the Company and Falcon Gateway
Sdn Bhd (the “Seller 3”), a company that is in the business of, among other things, technology services, entered into a Software
Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement 3”), in which the Seller agreed to sell to the Company a certain software application
in exchange for $ 495,000 worth of common stock, par value $ 0.00001 per share, of the Company, or 2,519 shares valued at $ 197 per share.
On May 6, 2024, the Company has issued 2,520 shares of the Company’s common stock to the Seller 3. - Credilab Sdn. Bhd. Bhd (“CLSB”) On September 20, 2024, the Company entered into
a Partnership Agreement with CLSB. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company and CLSB will establish a strategic partnership to leverage
their respective core competencies, resources, and market expertise to drive mutual benefits and growth. As part of the Partnership Agreement, the Company
agreed to pay $ 2,000,000 to CLSB and/or its nominees to develop and implement an AI-driven chatbot for the ZCity App platform, aimed
at enhancing user engagement and providing real-time assistance. Additionally, the partnership includes the development of a digital
wallet integrated within the ZCity App to offer users a seamless payment solution for platform transactions and access to CLSB’s
financial products and services. The Company has sole discretion to choose whether
to make the payment in cash and/or the equivalent value in the Company’s common stock. On September 20, 2024, the Company issued 40,000 shares of its common stock equivalent to $ 1,380,000 to CLSB for software development. Upon completion of the software development,
the Company will make the remaining payment of $ 620,000 in cash and/ or the equivalent value in the Company’s common stock. As
of June 30, 2025, the Company has offset $ 620,000 of the Collaboration deposits balance to CLSB against the remaining payment. - Octagram Investment Limited On October 10, 2024, the Company entered into
a service partnership agreement (the “Partnership Agreement”) with Octagram Investment Limited (“OCTA”), a Malaysian
company, to establish a strategic partnership pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Partnership Agreement. Pursuant
to the Partnership Agreement, OCTA shall design, develop and deliver mini-game modules to be integrated into the ZCity App, an E-Commerce
platform owned by the Company. In addition, OCTA shall customize the mini-game modules based on the Company’s detailed specification. 
The company agreed to pay a total consideration of (USD 2,800,000 ) (“Service Fees”) to OCTA and/or its nominees by using
the Company shares. On March 25, 2025, the Company and OCTA amended the Partnership Agreement to increase the total service fee
to $ 6,500,000 , to be settled by issuing shares of the Company at a price equal to the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) over the thirty
(30) trading days immediately preceding the payment date, or such other price as may be mutually agreed. As of June 30, 2025, the Company
had issued 149,230 shares of its common stock to OCTA at a weighted average price of $ 28.25 per share. - V Gallant Sdn Bhd On October 29, 2024, the Company entered into
a certain service agreement (the “Agreement”) with V GALLANT SDN BHD (“V Gallant”), a private company incorporated
in Malaysia. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company engaged V Gallant for its generative AI solutions and AI digital human technology
services (the “Services”) in accordance with the terms and conditions therein. The Company agreed to pay V Gallant a total
consideration of USD 16,000,000 to V Gallant and/or its nominees for the Services and all associated hardware and software under
the Agreement. The Services under this Agreement shall commence on October 29, 2024, and shall be valid until December 31, 2025, unless
the Agreement is mutually terminated or extended in writing or terminated by either the Company or V Gallant due to any breach or default
of this Agreement, as the case may be. F- 33 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On March 28, 2025, the Company and VGallant amended
the Agreement to clarify the payment structure and to reflect the valuation of shares more accurately. Under the amended terms, the Company
has sole discretion to settle the service fees in cash and/or through the issuance of shares. The fees are to be paid in two tranches:
(i) a down payment of $ 8,000,000 upon execution of the Agreement, and (ii) the remaining $ 8,000,000 in twelve equal monthly installments
commencing January 31, 2025. If paid in shares, the number of shares issued shall be based on the volume-weighted average price (VWAP)
of the Company’s shares over the thirty (30) trading days immediately preceding the payment date or as otherwise mutually agreed.
As of June 30, 2025, the Company had issued 430,456 shares of its common stock to V Gallant at a weighted average price of $ 27.44 per
share. Common stock issued to related parties
for debts cancellation On October 30, 2023, the Company issued a total
of 519 restricted shares of common stock to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chong Chan “Sam” Teo, and shareholder,
Kok Pin “Darren” Tan (collectively, the “Creditors”) in exchange for the cancellation of $ 321,562 in aggregate
indebtedness owed to the Creditors. Capital Contribution In February 2024, the Company’s Chief Executive
Officer, Chong Chan “Sam” Teo, made a capital contribution of $ 16,348 in addition to the debt cancellation, as further consideration
for the common stock issued to him in October 2023. Warrants - Issuance of warrants - non- employee stock
compensation Pertain to above mentioned Agreement with the
Consultant, on August 15, 2022, the Company also issued 300,000 warrants to the Consultant or its designees exercisable for
a period of five years at $ 14,000 per share upon completion of the Company’s Offering. Meanwhile, on the same date,
the Consultant had exercised all of its warrants on cashless basis and received 45 shares of the Company’s common stock. The fair value of the warrants which was determined
by using the Black Scholes model using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 49.0 %, (2) risk-free interest
rate of 0.89 %, (3) expected life of 5.0 years, (4) exercise price of $ 14,000 and (5) estimated market
price of $ 19,180 on July 1, 2020, the date of which the consulting agreement was entered. Based on above assumption, the fair value
of the warrants were estimated to be $ 856,170 . - Issuance of the Pre-Funded Warrants On November 28, 2023,
the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement 2”) with EF Hutton LLC as the underwriter,
relating to the November 2023 Offering of (i) 7,432 shares of common stock, at a public offering price of $ 350 per share, and (ii) 4,000 Pre-Funded Warrants, each with the right to purchase one share of Common Stock, at a public offering price of $ 350 per Pre-Funded Warrant.
The Pre-Funded Warrants became exercisable immediately upon issuance, at an exercise price of $ 0.35 or through cashless option. The Pre-Funded Warrants
are classified as a component of permanent stockholders’ equity within additional paid-in capital and were recorded at the issuance
date using a relative fair value allocation method. The Pre-Funded Warrants are equity classified because they (i) are freestanding financial
instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the equity instruments, (ii) are immediately exercisable, (iii)
permit the holders to receive a fixed number of shares of common stock upon exercise, (iv) are indexed to the Company’s common
stock. The Company valued the Pre-Funded Warrants at issuance concluding the purchase price approximated the fair value and allocated
net proceeds from the purchase proportionately to the common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants, of which $ 1,398,600 was allocated to the
Pre-Funded Warrants and recorded as a component of additional paid in capital. F- 34 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants In December 2023 and January 2024, the holder
of Pre-Funded Warrants have collectively exercised 4,000 the Pre-Funded Warrants into 4,000 shares of the Company’s common stock
at an exercise price of $ 0.35 per share. - Issuance of Alumni Capital warrants In consideration for Alumni Capital’s
execution and performance under the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to Alumni Capital a purchase warrant dated October
10, 2024 for a term of three (3) years (the “Purchase Warrant”), to purchase up to a number of common
stock equal to ten percent (10%) of the Commitment Amount divided by the exercise price of the Purchase Warrant. The exercise price per
share of the Purchase Warrant will be calculated by dividing the $ 5,000,000 valuation by the total number of outstanding shares
of common stock as of the Exercise Date. In addition, the Alumni Capital warrants are exercisable on a “cashless” basis if
at any time there is no effective Registration Statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Alumni
Capital warrants share by Alumni Capital. As of June 30, 2025, Alumni Capital had purchased
approximately $ 11.7 million worth of the Company’s common stock, totaling 3,163,680 shares. Of this amount, the Company had grant
Alumni Capital with a purchase warrant to purchase up to 659,886 share of the Company’s common stock (as adjusted, and subject
to further adjustment), with an exercise price of $ 4.50 per share (as adjusted, and subject to further adjustment), to be expired on
October 10, 2027. Both the exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant (as adjusted, and subject to
further adjustment) are determined based on the contractual arrangement described above, whereby the exercise price is calculated using
a fixed valuation of $ 5,000,000 divided by the number of outstanding shares at the time of exercise. The Purchase Warrants are being
classified as liability instrument in accordance with ASC 480 as the Company will be issuing a variable number of shares upon exercised
by the holders of the Purchase Warrants, and at inception, the obligation’s monetary value is based solely on a fixed monetary
amount of $ 5,000,000 known at inception. The Company records the fair value of the Purchase
Warrants as a derivative liabilities at inception and recognized the changes in the values of these instruments in the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss as “change in fair value of derivative liabilities”. For the year ended June 30, 2025,
the change in fair value of derivative liabilities amounted to $ 1,816,917 . The fair value of the warrants issued to Alumni
Capital which was determined on grant dates by using the Black Scholes model using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility
of 160.20 % to 171.88 %, (2) risk-free interest rate of 3.72 % to 4.37 %, (3) expected life of 2.4 years to 2.8 years, (4) exercise price of $ 2.22 to $ 5.15 and (5) stock price of $ 1.62 to $ 19.50 on grant date, the date of which the
warrants were issued. Based on above assumption, the fair value of the warrants were estimated to be $ 2,450,227 . The fair value of the warrants issued to Alumni
Capital which was determined on June 30, 2025 by using the Black Scholes model using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility
of 162.92 % to 167.27 %, (2) risk-free interest rate of 3.71%, (3) expected life of 2.3 years, (4) exercise
price of $ 1.20 to $ 2.05 and (5) stock price of $ 1.10 on June 30, 2025. Based on above assumption, the fair value of the
warrants were estimated to be $ 383,886 . Warrants outstanding as of June 30, 2025 are
as follows: Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price* Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 28 $ 17,857 4.1 Granted 4,000 0.35 - Exercised ( 4,000 ) - - Outstanding at June 30, 2024 28 $ 17,857 3.1 Granted 260,671 $ 4.50 2.6 Adjustment* 399,215 $ ( 2.79 ) Exercised ( 196,248 ) - - Outstanding at June 30, 2025 463,666 $ 2.79 2.3 * Adjustment reflects the change in the number of shares issuable under the Purchase Warrant issued to Alumni Capital due to the contractual pricing mechanism based on outstanding shares. Upon any such price-based adjustment to the exercise price, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants will be adjusted proportionally F- 35 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Exercised of Alumni Capital warrants On June 5, 2025, Alumni Capital exercised the
Alumni Capital warrants to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $ 1.27 per share
generating gross proceeds of $ 63,567 to the Company. On June 5, 2025, Alumni Capital exercised the Alumni Capital warrants
on “cashless” basis while the Company’s had issued 145,757 shares of the Company’s common stock to Alumni Capital. Upon exercise of above-mentioned warrants, the
Company reduced the fair value of Alumni Capital warrants and increased the additional paid in capital by $ 249,424 . Employee stock compensation In June 2024, the Company executed executive
employment agreements (“Employment Agreements”) with three individuals, appointing them as the Company’s executive
officers. Under the terms of the Employment Agreements, each executive officer is entitled to receive a predetermined monetary value
of the Company’s common stock as annual compensation for the first year, with stock compensation for subsequent years contingent
upon performance. The stock compensation is prorated on a monthly basis and is subject to the restrictions of Securities Act Rule 144.
For the years ended June 30, 2025, the Company recognized $ 208,445 in stock-based compensation expense attributable to the Employment
Agreement, respectively in general and administrative expense. As of June 30, 2025, 33,816 shares of the Company’s common stock
had been issued to the executive officers in settlement of the vested stock compensation. Note 14 – Income taxes The United States and foreign components of income
(loss) before income taxes were comprised of the following: For the years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Tax jurisdictions from: - Local – United States $ ( 22,542,326 ) $ ( 3,919,962 ) - Foreign – Malaysia ( 485,675 ) ( 2,626,946 ) Loss before income tax $ ( 23,028,001 ) $ ( 6,546,908 ) The provision for income taxes consisted of the
following: For the years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Tax jurisdictions from: - Local – United States $ 349,487 $ 33,680 - Foreign – Malaysia - 6,035 Provision for income taxes $ 349,487 $ 39,715 F- 36 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS United States of America TGL was incorporated in the State of Delaware
and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. As of June 30, 2025, the operations in the United States of America incurred
$ 15,572,252 of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset future taxable income and can be used
to offset up to 80 % of taxable income for losses arising in tax years beginning after June 30, 2023. The deferred tax valuation allowance
as of June 30, 2025 and 2024 were $ 3,270,173 and $ 1,751,481 , respectively. TGL also subject to controlled foreign corporations
Subpart F income (“Subpart F”) tax, which is a tax primarily on passive income from controlled foreign corporations with
a tax rate of 35 %. In addition, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act imposed a global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”) tax,
which is a tax on certain off-shore earnings at an effective rate of 10.5 % for tax years ( 50 % deduction of the current enacted tax
rate of 21 %) with a partial offset for 80 % foreign tax credits. If the foreign tax rate is 13.125 % or higher, there will
be no U.S. corporate tax after the 80 % foreign tax credits are applied. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the
Company’s foreign subsidiaries did not generate any income that are subject to Subpart F tax and GILTI tax. Malaysia TADAA Technologoies, Foodlink, Morgan, AY Food,
and TADAA Ventures are governed by the income tax laws of Malaysia and the income tax provision in respect of operations in Malaysia is
calculated at the applicable tax rates on the taxable income for the periods based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices
in respect thereof. Under the Income Tax Act of Malaysia, enterprises that incorporated in Malaysia are usually subject to a unified 24 %
enterprise income tax rate while preferential tax rates, tax holidays and even tax exemption may be granted on case-by-case basis. As
of June 30, 2025, the operations in the Malaysia incurred $ 22,519,671 of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward
for a maximum period of ten consecutive years to offset future taxable income. The deferred tax valuation allowance as of June
30, 2025 and 2024 were $ 5,404,721 and $ 5,288,159 , respectively. The following table
reconciles the local (United States) statutory rates to the Company’s effective tax rate for the periods indicated below: For the years ended June 30, 2025 2024 U.S. statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % Differential of Malaysia statutory tax rate 0.1 % 1.2 % Change in valuation allowance ( 22.5 )% ( 18.7 )% Permanent difference ( 0.1 )% ( 4.1 )% Effective tax rate ( 1.5 )% ( 0.6 )% F- 37 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following table sets forth the significant
components of the aggregate deferred tax assets of the Company as of: As of June 30, 2025 As of June 30, 2024 Deferred tax assets: Net operating loss carry forwards in U.S. $ 3,270,173 $ 1,751,481 Net operating loss carry forwards in Malaysia 5,404,721 5,288,159 Allowance for credit losses 261,186 51,157 Unrealized holding loss on marketable securities - 173,957 Long-live assets impairment 4,098,634 - Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ( 381,553 ) - Amortization of debt discount - 156,403 Less: valuation allowance* ( 12,653,161 ) ( 7,421,157 ) Deferred tax assets $ - $ - * Change in valuation allowance was amounted to $ 5,232,003 and $ 1,245,262 for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Uncertain tax positions The Company evaluates each uncertain tax position
(including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and measure the unrecognized benefits
associated with the tax positions. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain
tax positions. The Company did not incur interest and penalties tax for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. Note 15 – Concentrations of risks (a) Major customers For the years ended June 30, 2025, one customer
accounted for approximately 63.5% or more of the Company’s total revenues. For the years ended June 30, 2024, no customer
accounted for 10.0% or more of the Company’s total revenues. As of June 30, 2025, one customers account for
approximately 92.3 % of the total balance of accounts receivable, respectively. As of June 30, 2024, three customers account for
approximately 65.3 %, 19.3 %, and 15.4 % of the total balance of accounts receivable, respectively. (b) Major vendors For
the years ended June 30, 2025, two vendors accounted for approximately 52.7 % and 41.2 % of the Company’s
total purchases. For the years ended June 30, 2024, two vendors accounted for approximately 52.7 % and 41.2 % of the Company’s
total purchases. As of June 30, 2025, three vendors
accounted for approximately 46.7 %, 20.9 %, and 15.1 % of the total balance of accounts payable. As of June 30, 2024, two vendors
accounted for approximately 85.1 %, and 11.6 % of the total balance of accounts payable. (c) Credit risk Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, $ 236,657 and $ 198,952 were
deposited with financial institutions or fund received from customer being held in third party platform’s fund account, and $ 31,115 and
$ 85,308 of these balances are not covered by deposit insurance, respectively. While management believes that these financial institutions
are of high credit quality, it also continually monitors their credit worthiness. F- 38 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Financial instruments that are potentially subject
to credit risk consist principally of accounts receivable and other receivables. The Company believes the concentration of credit risk
in its accounts receivable and other receivables is substantially mitigated by its ongoing credit evaluation process and relatively short
collection terms. The Company does not generally require collateral from customers. The Company evaluates the need for an provision for
estimated credit losses based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. (d) Exchange rate risk The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore, there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable
periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of RM converted
to US$ on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without notice. Note 16 – Leases As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company has
engaged in multiple offices leases which were classified as operating leases. The Company occupies various offices under operating
lease agreements with a term shorter than twelve months which it elected not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities under ASC
842. Instead, the Company recognized the lease payments in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease
payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The Company’s lease agreements do not contain
any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company recognized lease expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term for operating lease. Operating lease expense for the years ended June
30, 2025 and 2024 were $ 4,375 , and $ 20,332 , respectively. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the weighted-average
lease term is 2.3 and 0.5 years for the remaining leases, respectively. Weighted-average discounted rated related to leases
were 6.0 % and 3.5 % as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company’s lease agreements do not contain
any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company’s lease liabilities under the remaining operating
leases as of June 30, 2025 for the next five years is as follows: June 30, 2026 $ 43,238 2027 64,032 2028 16,008 Total undiscounted lease payments 123,278 Less imputed interest ( 9,665 ) Total lease liabilities $ 113,613 F- 39 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 17 – Segment information The Company’s operating segments have been
identified based on the way management organizes the business by the nature of services provided to customers and how the Chief Operating
Decision Maker (“CODM”) manages the business and allocates resources. The CODM for the Company is its Chief Executive Officer .
The Company has two reportable segments: (i) payment processing and e-commerce operation in its ZCITY platform, and (ii) customized software
development service. The accounting policies applied to each segment
are consistent with those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company evaluates segment performance based
on profit or loss from operations before income taxes. Intersegment sales and transfers are accounted for as if the transactions were
made with third parties, using current market prices. The Company’s reportable segments represent
strategic business units that offer different products and services and are managed separately due to their distinct operational and
marketing requirements. The following tables summarize the Company’s
segment information for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. For the Years Ended June 30, 2025 ZCITY Platform Customized Software development service Total Revenue from external customers $ 850,557 $ 1,480,000 $ 2,330,557 Less: Cost of revenue 206,106 454,626 660,732 Segment gross profit $ 644,451 $ 1,025,374 1,669,825 Less: Advertising 99,656 - 99,656 Payment transaction fee 17,513 - 17,513 Long-live assets impairment 19,517,303 - 19,517,303 Share-based compensation adjustment 2,726,545 - 2,726,545 Other marketing expense 12,298 - 12,298 Salaries 547,816 - 547,816 Depreciation and amortization 895,998 - 895,998 Office expense 120,546 - 120,546 Research and development 215,900 - 215,900 Unrealized holding loss on marketable securities 170,817 - 170,817 Interest expense 4,999 - 4,999 Segment (loss) income ( 23,684,940 ) 1,025,374 ( 22,659,566 ) Reconciliation of profit or loss Less: Unallocated amounts Professional fees 1,127,236 D&O insurance 64,565 Stock based compensation 208,445 Other corporate expenses 785,106 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ( 1,816,917 ) Net income loss before income taxes $ ( 23,028,001 ) F- 40 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended June 30,
    2024 ZCITY Platform Customized Software development service Total Revenue from external customers $ 22,066,829 $ - $ 22,066,829 Less: Cost of revenue 21,250,767 - 21,250,767 Segment gross profit 816,062 - 816,062 Less: Advertising 1,280,393 - 1,280,393 Payment transaction fee 304,763 - 304,763 Other marketing expense 175,765 - 175,765 Salaries 1,299,755 - 1,299,755 Depreciation and amortization 1,123,661 - 1,123,661 Office expense 143,797 - 143,797 Research and development 513,524 - 513,524 Unrealized holding loss on marketable securities 828,367 - 828,367 Other income from software developing service, net of cost - ( 675,131 ) ( 675,131 ) Interest expense 74,920 - 74,920 Segment loss $ ( 4,928,883 ) $ 675,131 ( 4,253,752 ) Reconciliation of profit or loss Less: Unallocated amounts Professional fees 1,584,304 D&O insurance 238,765 Stock based compensation 93,111 Amortization of debt discount 358,284 Other corporate expenses 18,692 Net loss before income taxes $ ( 6,546,908 ) Other Significant Items: For the Years Ended June 30,
    2025 ZCITY Platform Customized Software development service Total Capital expenditure $ 14,818 $ - $ 14,818 F- 41 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended June 30,
    2024 ZCITY Platform Customized Software development service Total Capital expenditure $ 16,740 $ - $ 16,740 As of June 30, 2025, the Company’s total
assets were comprised of $ 13,473,148 for ZCITY Platform, $ 1,400,000 for Customized Software Development. As of June 30, 2024, the Company’s total
assets were comprised of $ 4,278,585 for ZCITY Platform. Disaggregated information of revenues by regions
are as follows: For the Years Ended June 30, 2025 ZCITY Platform Customized Software development service Total Malaysia $ 850,557 $ - $ 850,557 United States - 1,480,000 1,480,000 Total revenue $ 850,557 $ 1,480,000 $ 2,330,557 For the Years Ended June 30, 2024 ZCITY Platform Customized Software development service Total Malaysia $ 22,066,829 $ - $ 22,066,829 F- 42 TREASURE GLOBAL INC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 18 – Commitments and contingencies Contingencies Legal From time to time, the Company is party to certain
legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and un-asserted claims. Amounts accrued, as well as the total amount of reasonably possible
losses with respect to such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not deemed to be material to the consolidated financial statements. Note
19 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated all events and transactions
that occurred after June 30, 2025 up through October 14, 2025, the date the Company issued these consolidated financial statements. On February 11, 2025, TADAA Ventures entered
into a Share Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Amystic Commerce Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated in Malaysia
(the “Vendor”). Pursuant to the Agreement, TADAA Ventures will acquire 51 % of the ordinary shares (“the Sale
Shares”) in Tien Ming Distribution Sdn Bhd (“Tien Ming Distribution”), a subsidiary of the Vendor incorporated
under the laws of Malaysia. The purchase price for the Sale Shares is RM 5,100.00 . The acquisition is part of TADAA Ventures’s
commitment to invest up to RM 3,000,000.00 in the Tien Ming Distribution to support its operations and obligations to provide
warehousing and fulfilment delivery services for F&N Beverages Marketing Sdn Bhd. On July 1, 2025. The Company had completed the
acquisition of Tien Ming and acquired 51 % of the ordinary shares of Tien Ming. On August 1, 2025, the Company entered into a Consultant Service Agreement
with Mr. Tan Wei Sheng (“Consultant”), pursuant to which the Consultant will provide strategic advisory services related to
the Company’s capital market activities, investor engagement, and business strategies. In connection with the agreement, the Company
issued 20,008 shares of its common stock to the Consultant as consideration for the advisory services rendered. On October 7, 2025, the Company entered into
a subscription agreement (the “Agreement”) with two Malaysian individuals, Chuah Su Chen and the Company’s
director Chan Meng Chun (together with Chuah Su Chen, the “Investors”). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
the Agreement, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor desires to subscribe for, an aggregate
amount of USD 200,000.00 in the Company for the allotment and issuance of common stock of the Company (“the Shares”) for
the purchase price of $ 1.16 per share, which represents the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market on October 6, 2025.The offering and sale of the Shares were made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration
provided by Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as the transactions were
completed outside the United States with non-U.S. persons. The Shares are subject to transfer restrictions and may not be offered to
be sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. On August 12, 2025, the Company entered into a
Sale and Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) with I Synergy Group Ltd (“I Synergy”), a public listed company
incorporated in Australia and traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: IS3). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to
sell, and I Synergy agreed to purchase, certain advanced AI-based graphics processing units, including all hardware and software components
(“the Products”). I Synergy agreed to pay the Company a total consideration of Three Hundred Thousand Australian Dollars (AUD 300,000.00 ) (the “Purchase Price”) for the Products under the Agreement. The Purchase Price shall be fulfilled over a period
of six (6) months from the date of the Agreement, with payments of Fifty Thousand Australian Dollar (AUD 50,000.00 ) payable to the Company
monthly. The Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and agreements by the Company and I Synergy, along with other obligations
of the parties and termination provisions. From July to October 2025, Alumni Capital had
purchased $ 3,882,564 worth of the Company’s common stock, totaling 3,905,000 shares, pertain to Purchase Agreement mentioned above
(Note 13). From July to October 2025, 70,946 shares of the Company’s common
stock had been issued to the executive officers in settlement of the vested stock compensation. F- 43 Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures None. Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Report,
we carried out an evaluation, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, based on the foregoing evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level
due to the material weaknesses described below. Management’s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of June 30, 2025, based on the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation under the 2013 Framework, our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2025 due
to the following material weaknesses: ● Inadequate U.S. GAAP expertise.
The current accounting staff is inexperienced in applying U.S. GAAP standard as they are primarily engaged in ensuring compliance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) accounting and reporting requirement for our consolidated operating
entities, and thus require substantial training. The current staff’s accounting skills and understanding as to how to fulfill the
requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting, including subsidiary financial statements consolidation, are inadequate; ● Inadequate internal audit function.
We lack of a functional internal audit department or personnel that monitors the consistencies of the preventive internal control procedures
and lack of adequate policies and procedures in internal audit function to ensure that our policies and procedures have been carried
out as planned; A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Following the identification of the material weaknesses,
we plan to take remedial measures including: ● hiring more qualified accounting
personnel with relevant U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the financial reporting function and
to set up a financial and system control framework; ● implementing regular and continuous
U.S. GAAP accounting and financial reporting training programs for our accounting and financial reporting personnel; ● establishing internal audit
function by engaging an external consulting firm to assist us with assessment of Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance requirements and improvement
of overall internal control; and ● strengthening corporate governance. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in management’s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act
during the year ended June 30, 2025 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. Item 9B. Other
Information. None . Item 9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 55 PART III Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The following are our executive officers and directors
and their respective ages and positions as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Name Age Position Carlson Thow 32 Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director See Wah “Sylvia” Chan 34 Chief Financial Officer Kok Pin “Darren” Tan 41 Director Wei Ping Leong 44 Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board Wai Kuan Chan 43 Director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board Chan Meng Chun 53 Executive Director Carlson Thow is our Chief Executive
Officer and an executive director. Mr. Thow s erved as Chief Legal Officer of VCI Global Limited
(NASDAQ: VCIG) from July 2022 until June 2024, where he was responsible for setting the overall legal strategy for the organization and
its subsidiaries, and for providing legal counsel to senior management and the board of directors. Prior to joining VCI Global Limited,
Mr. Thow practiced law as a Senior Associate with Zaid Ibrahim & Co. (a member of ZICO Law network) from 2019 to 2022, and as Legal
Associate with Martin Cheah & Associates from 2018 to 2019, where he provided legal assistance with regard to mergers and acquisitions
and corporate financing matters, among other things. Mr. Thow graduated with a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Northumbria at
Newcastle in 2014, a Master of Laws from the University of Malaya in 2016 and a Master of Business Administration from Lancaster University
in 2021. Mr. Thow has also obtained a Certificate of Legal Practice from the Legal Profession Qualifying Board of Malaysia in 2016, and
he was admitted as an advocate and solicitor of the High Court of Malaya in 2018. See Wah “Sylvia” Chan is
our Chief Financial Officer. Ms. See Wah “Sylvia” Chan, age 34, has been serving as the Deputy CFO of the Company since June
18, 2025. She is a qualified Chartered Accountant, a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) and a fellow member of the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA). Prior to joining the Company, she served as the Group Financial Controller of a
public listed company. Kok Pin “Darren” Tan has
been a Director since July 2024. Dr. Tan is qualified to serve on the Board due to his extensive entrepreneurial experience. From 2007
to January 2015, Dr. Tan served as the managing director of Ezytronic Sdn Bhd. In this role, he oversaw the company’s overall operations
and strategic direction, focusing on growth, profitability, and alignment with business objectives. From June 2015 to July 2017, Dr. Tan
was the chief operating officer of E-Gate Services Sdn Bhd. His responsibilities included managing day-to-day operations and ensuring
company efficiency to meet organizational goals. From March 2020 to June 2024, Dr. Tan served as an advisor to our Company, providing
valuable insights into our business affairs. Dr. Tan holds a Bachelor’s degree in building management from Sheffield Hallam University
since 2006 and a Ph.D. in strategic financial management from Global University of Lifelong Learning. Dr. Tan is qualified to serve on
the Board due to his extensive executive experience. Wei Ping Leong has been a Director
since August 2024. He commenced his professional career with various established professional firms including KPMG. During his tenure
with these professional firms, he specialized in statutory and internal auditing, as well as advisory work including initial and secondary
offering, domestic and cross-border mergers and acquisitions. He was the founder of Sands Capital Sdn Bhd in 2012, specializing in audit
and advisory work, where he oversaw every operation of the company, until 2013. He is also the Co-Founder of ZORIXchange, a crypto currency
exchange platform, and he is responsible for increasing company revenue with professional strategies, developing new business opportunities
and expanding brand influence. He holds directorships at several companies, including Director at WInvest Global Sdn Bhd since 2013, Executive
Director at Asia Television Digital Media Limited since 2020 and Director at ATV News Southeast Asia since 2021. Mr. Leong holds a Bachelor
Degree of Commerce in Accounting and Finance from Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Australia, and a Master Degree of Commerce in
Accounting and Finance, from Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia. Mr. Leong is qualified to serve on the Board due to his extensive
experience in international business operations. 56 Chan Meng Chun , from May 2022
to September 2022, was the Chief Financial Officer for Ikhasas Group of companies handling overall corporate finance including potential
IPO, fund raising, banking, tax and accounts. From January 2022 to May 2022, he was the Head of Group Treasury for Sime Darby Plantation
Bhd, a public listed company in palm oil upstream and downstream. At Sime Darby Mr. Chan Meng Chun managed group cashflow, including
banking facilities, worked on group inter-company reconciliations, financial reports and budget and cashflow plans. From July 2020 to
February 2021, Mr. Chan, Meng Chun served as Group Deputy CEO/Group Chief Financial Officer for Smart Glove Holding Sdn Bhd,
a Malaysia company that manufactures and export gloves globally. At Smart Glove, Mr. Chan Meng Chun helped the company reorganize
and prepare for a potential initial public offering, was involved with financial planning, analysis and treasury among other things. From
November 2015 to June 2020 Mr. Chan Meng Chun served as Chief Financial Officer for TS Global Network Sdn Bhd, a member company
of PT Telkom Indonesia. At TS Global, Mr. Chan Meng Chun completed restructuring and turnaround of cashflow, lead successful
adoption of MFRS standards. Prior to this from April 2013 to November 2015, he was a Chief Financial Officer for a public listed company,
Pasukhas Group Bhd. He was with Carimin Group of Companies from May 2000 to Aug 2012 before leaving as Group Financial Controller. Mr.
Chan Meng Chun received his Advance Diploma in Accounting from Institute of Financial Accountants (United Kingdom) in 2007 and
a Master’s Degree in Finance and Accounting from University of Wales in 2014. Mr Chan Meng Chun is a fellow member of
the Institute of Public Accountants (Australia) and fellow member of the Institute of Financial Accountants (United Kingdom). Mr. Chan Meng
Chun and the Company entered into an executive employment agreement dated as of September 26, 2025 (the “Agreement”),
pursuant to which Mr. Chan Meng Chun was appointed as the executive director of the Company, effective as of September 26, 2025.
Mr. Chan Meng Chun is entitled to receive a total of $120,000 worth of shares of common stock of the Company on an annual basis,
issued prorated on a monthly basis, calculated based on the Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) of the Company’s shares for the
respective month of issuance. In addition, Mr. Chan Meng Chun is entitled to receive an aggregate of 199,912 shares of common
stock upon completion of three (3) months of services with the Company, subject to applicable vesting schedules and other restrictions,
in accordance with the Company’s equity compensation plan. During the term of the Agreement, either party may terminate the Agreement
by providing one hundred twenty (120) days’ written. For a period of six (6) months following termination, Mr. Chan Meng Chun shall
not be (unless with the approval of Board), either alone or in association or partnership with or as an employee, principal, agent, director,
manager, member, shareholder, unit-holder, beneficiary or trustee of, as a consultant or adviser to any person or otherwise, or directly
or indirectly engaged or concerned with or interested in any other business which is in any respect in competition with or similar to
any part of the business carried out by the Company. Wai Kuan Chan has been a Director
since September 2024. Mr. Chan brings with him his expertise in sales and business development. He was a Sales Director of Skyway Motorsports
Sdn Bhd from 2008 to 2009, where he spearheaded sales initiatives for high-performance and luxury vehicles as well as collaborated with
marketing teams to design and launch promotional campaigns. From 2010 to 2012, he joined Naza Motor Sdn Bhd as their Sales Director, where
he was responsible for directing sales operations for multiple automotive brands under the Naza Group and managed a large sales force
across various regions in Malaysia. Mr. Chan then co-founded Lẻ-Hase Motor Sdn Bhd in 2012, where he oversaw all aspects of the
business and developed business strategies and operational processes until 2014. In 2014, he joined Hap Seng Star Sdn Bhd as Sales Director,
where he was tasked with leading sales strategies for luxury automotive brands, managed a team of sales professionals, developed and implemented
customer relationship management strategies until 2018. Mr. Chan founded Casa Tropical Enterprise in 2018, which he is managing to the
present day, with his responsibilities including overseeing product development, marketing strategies and international distribution channels,
developing and implementing strategic business plans and managing key stakeholder relationships. Mr. Chan is qualified to serve on the
Board due to his extensive expertise in driving market expansion and revenue growth. Our Board has responsibility for the oversight
of our risk management processes and, either as a whole or through its committees, regularly discusses with management our major risk
exposures, their potential impact on our business and the steps we take to manage them. The risk oversight process includes receiving
regular reports from board committees and members of senior management to enable our Board to understand our risk identification, risk
management, and risk mitigation strategies with respect to areas of potential material risk, including operations, finance, legal, regulatory,
cybersecurity, strategic, and reputational risk. 57 Board of Directors Our business and affairs are managed under the
direction of our Board. Our Board consists of five directors, three of whom qualify as “independent” under the listing standards
of Nasdaq. Directors serve until the next annual meeting
and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until their successors have been elected and qualified. Director Independence Our board of directors are composed of a majority
of “independent directors” as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. We use the definition of “independence” applied
by Nasdaq to make this determination. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an “independent director” is a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company’s
Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Nasdaq listing
rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: ● the director is, or at any
time during the past three (3) years was, an employee of the company; ● the director or a family member
of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of $120,000 during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months
within the three (3) years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exemptions, including, among other things, compensation
for board or board committee service); ● the director or a family member
of the director is a partner in, controlling shareholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the company made, or from
which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5% of the recipient’s consolidated
gross revenue for that year or $200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exemptions); ● the director or a family member
of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three (3) years, any of the executive
officers of the company served on the Remuneration Committee of such other entity; or ● the director or a family member
of the director is a current partner of the company’s outside auditor, or at any time during the past three (3) years was a partner
or employee of the company’s outside auditor, and who worked on the company’s audit. Under such definitions, our Board has undertaken
a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his background, employment and
affiliations, our Board has determined that Kok Pin “Darren” Tan, Wei Ping Leong and Wai Kuan Chan are independent directors
of the Company. Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board has established an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees
of our Board is described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our Board. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee consisting
of Kok Pin “Darren” Tan, Wei Ping Leong and Wai Kuan Chan. Wei Ping Leong is the Chairman of the audit committee. In addition,
our Board has determined that Wei Ping Leong is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit
Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: ● reviewing and discussing with
management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial
statements should be included in our annual disclosure report; ● discussing with management
and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial
statements; ● discussing with management
major risk assessment and risk management policies; ● monitoring the independence
of the independent auditor; 58 ● verifying the rotation of the
lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the
audit as required by law; ● reviewing and approving all
related-party transactions; ● inquiring and discussing with
management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; ● pre-approving all audit services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; ● appointing or replacing the
independent auditor; ● determining the compensation
and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor
regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; ● establishing procedures for
the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which
raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and ● approving reimbursement of
expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. The audit committee is composed exclusively of
“independent directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq
listing standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including
a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. In addition, the Company intends to certify to
Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting,
requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s
financial sophistication. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of
the Board to consist of Kok Pin “Darren” Tan , Wei Ping Leong and Wai Kuan Chan, each of whom is an independent director.
Wai Kuan Chan is Chairman of the compensation committee. Each member of our compensation committee is also a non-employee director, as
defined under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and an outside director, as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code.
Joseph “Bobby” Banks is the chairman of the compensation committee. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified
in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: ● reviewing, approving and determining,
or recommending to our board of directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; ● administering our equity compensation
plans; ● reviewing and approving, or
recommending to our board of directors, regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and ● establishing and reviewing
general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee We have established a nominating and corporate
governance committee consisting of Kok Pin “Darren” Tan, Wei Ping Leong and Wai Kuan Chan. The nominating and corporate governance
committee’s duties, which are specified in our Nominating and Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not
limited to: ● identifying, reviewing and
evaluating candidates to serve on our board of directors consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; ● evaluating director performance
on our board of directors and applicable committees of our board of directors and determining whether continued service on our board
of directors is appropriate; ● evaluating nominations by stockholders
of candidates for election to our board of directors; and ● corporate governance matters. 59 Code of Ethics Our Board plans to adopt a written code of business
conduct and ethics (“Code”) that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to post
on our website a current copy of the Code and all disclosures that are required by law in regard to any amendments to, or waivers from,
any provision of the Code. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among any of
our directors or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of our other directors, executive officers,
significant employees or control persons have been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past
10 years. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities (“Ten Percent
Holders”) to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. To our knowledge, based solely
on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, the following directors, executive officers and Ten Percent Holders did not
comply with all Section 16(a) filing requirements during the fiscal year 2025 as follows: (i) our director, Chan Meng Chun, has yet to
file his Form 3 and is planning to file his Form 3 as soon as reasonably practicable; and (ii) our recently appointed Chief Financial
Officer, See Wah “Sylvia” Chan, has yet to file her Form 3 and is planning to file her Form 3 as soon as reasonably practicable
. Item 11. Executive
Compensation Summary Compensation Table The following table illustrates the compensation
paid by the Company to its executive officers. The disclosure is provided for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. We refer
to these individuals as our “named executive officers.”: Name and Principal Position Fiscal Year Ended June 30, Salary (1) ($) Total ($) Chong Chan “Sam” Teo (2) 2025 $ - $ - Former Chief Executive Officer 2024 $ 46,022 $ 46,022 Su Chen “Chanell” Chuah (3) 2025 $ - $ - Former Chief Operating Officer 2024 $ 76,703 $ 76,703 Meng Chun “Michael” Chan (4) 2025 $ - $ - Former Chief Financial Officer 2024 $ 63,920 $ 63,920 Su Huay “Sue” Chuah (5) 2025 $ - $ - Former Chief Marketing Officer 2024 $ 30,681 $ 30,681 Chen Hoe “Samuel” Sam (6) 2025 $ - $ - Former Chief Technology Officer 2024 $ 3,643 $ 3,643 Carlson Thow 2025 $ 66,273 $ 66,273 Chief Executive Officer 2024 $ 4,454 $ 4,454 Sook Lee Chin (7) 2025 $ 49,091 $ 49,091 Chief Financial Officer 2024 $ 2,557 $ 2,557 Ching Loong “Henry” Chai 2025 $ - $ - Former Chief Operating Officer 2024 $ 710 $ 710 See Wah “Sylvia” Chan 2025 $ 1,871 $ 1,871 Chief Financial Officer 2024 $ - $ - (1) Salaries were paid in Malaysian
Ringgits, U.S. dollar amounts are approximate. (2) Mr. Teo resigned as Chief Executive
Officer on June 13, 2024. (3) Ms. Chuah resigned as Chief Operating
Officer on June 21, 2024. (4) Mr. Chan resigned as Chief Financial
Officer on June 14, 2024. (5) Ms. Chuah resigned as Chief Marketing
Officer on June 21, 2024. (6) Mr. Sam resigned as Chief Technology
Officer on November 1, 2023. (7) Ms. Sook Lee Chin resigned as
Chief Financial Officer on July 1, 2025. None of our other executives earned compensation
in excess of $100,000 in fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 or 2024 and therefore pursuant to Instruction 1 to Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation
S-K, only the compensation for our principal executive officers is provided. 60 Employment Agreements. Thow Employment Agreement Carlson Thow, our Chief Executive Officer, and
the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement dated as of June 13, 2024 (the “Thow Employment Agreement”), pursuant
which Mr. Thow was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer. The term of the Thow Employment Agreement
is for one year of which term is renewable on a yearly basis. Mr. Thow is entitled to receive a basic monthly salary of RM 20,000 with
a fixed allowance of RM 800. In addition, Mr. Thow will be entitled to a total of $120,000 worth of shares of common stock of the Company
on an annual basis for the first year, of which $10,000 worth of shares of common stock of the Company shall be issued to Mr. Thow at
the end of each month during his first year of employment, and the share compensation for the subsequent year(s) will be based on the
year’s performance. During the term of the Employment Agreement, either party may terminate the Employment Agreement by providing
two (2) months’ written notice or salary in lieu of such notice to the other party. Upon termination of employment, Mr. Thow will
be subject to a one year non-solicitation period with regard to the hiring of employees of the Company and soliciting clients of the Company,
among other things. Chan Employment Agreement: See Wah “Sylvia” Chan, our Chief Financial
Officer, and the Company entered into the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of June 30, 2025 (the “Chan Employment Agreement”),
pursuant to which Ms. Chan was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Pursuant to which Ms. Chan was appointed as the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of July 1, 2025. Ms. Chan is entitled to receive a monthly remuneration of RM 19,000.
In addition, Ms. Chan will be entitled to a total of $80,000 worth of shares of common stock of the Company on an annual basis, subject
to applicable vesting schedules and other restrictions, in accordance with the Company’s equity compensation plan. During the term
of the Appointment Letter Agreement, either party may terminate the Appointment Letter Agreement by providing three (3) months’
written notice or salary in lieu of such notice to the other party. Upon termination, Ms. Chan will be subject to a one-year non-solicitation
period concerning the hiring of the Company’s employees and the solicitation of its clients, among other restrictions. Outstanding Equity Awards at June 30, 2025 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, we
did not grant any stock options. Director Compensation Table The following table illustrates the compensation
paid by the Company to its directors. Only the independent directors are entitled to receive board compensation. The disclosure is provided
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Name Salary per director ($) Total per director ($) Kok Pin “Darren” Tan $ 1,136 $ 12,500 Wei Ping Leong $ 1,136 $ 10,337 Wai Kuan Chan $ 1,136 $ 10,076 61 Item 12. Security
ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The table below sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of the common stock by (i) our directors and named executive officers; (ii) all the named executives and directors
as a group and (iii) any other person or group that to our knowledge beneficially owns more than five percent of our outstanding shares
of common stock. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the SEC. These rules generally provide that a person is the beneficial owner of securities if such person
has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting thereof, or to dispose or direct the disposition thereof or has the right to acquire
such powers within 60 days. Shares of common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
September 25, 2024 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options. Shares issuable pursuant to
stock options or warrants are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such options or warrants,
but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated by the footnotes below,
we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below will have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they will beneficially own, subject to applicable community property
laws. The information contained in this table is as
of October 14, 2025. At that date, 8,490,187 shares of our common stock were outstanding. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Title Common Stock Percent of Common Stock Officers and Directors Carlson Thow Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director - - See Wah “Sylvia” Chan Chief Financial Officer 13,018 0.15 % Kok Pin “Darren” Tan Director - - Wei Ping Leong Director - - Wai Kuan Chan Director - - Chan Meng Chun Executive Director 172,414 2.03 % Officers and Directors as a Group (total of 5 persons) 185,432 2.18 % 5%+ Stockholders * Less than 1%. (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the
principal address of the named directors and directors and 5% stockholders of the Company is care of Treasure Global Inc., 276 5 th Avenue, Suite 704 #739, New York, New York 10001. Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence Other than as disclosed below, and except for
the regular salary and bonus payments made to our directors and officers in the ordinary course of business as described in “Item
11. Executive Compensation,” there have been no transactions since July 1, 2024, or any currently proposed transaction or series
of similar transactions to which the Company was or is to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeds USD$120,000 and in which any
current or former director or officer of the Company, any 5% or greater shareholder of the Company or any member of the immediate family
of any such persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. On October
7, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement (the “Agreement”) with two Malaysian individuals, Chuah Su Chen
and the Company’s director Chan Meng Chun (together with Chuah Su Chen, the “Investors”). Subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Agreement, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor desires to subscribe for, an aggregate
amount of USD200,000.00 in the Company for the allotment and issuance of common stock of the Company (“the Shares”) for the
purchase price of $1.16 per share, which represents the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market
on October 6, 2025. 62 Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services Audit and Non-Audit Fees Effective July 3, 2023, WWC, P.C. (“WWC”)
was served as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. Audit services provided by WWC, P.C. for fiscal
year ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 included the examination of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and service related
to period filing made with the SEC. Audit Fees WWC’s audit fee for the year ended June
30, 2025 and 2024 was $180,000. Audit Related Fees WWC’s audit related fee for the year ended
June 30, 2025 and 2024 was$24,000 and $45,000, respectively. All Other Fees WWC’s all other fees relate to review of quarterly financial
statements for the year ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 was $60,000. Tax Fees WWC’s tax fees for the year ended June 30,
2025 and 2024 was $0. The aggregate fees billed for the most recently
completed fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our
annual financial statements included in this and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 Audit Fees $ 180,000 $ 180,000 Audit-Related Fees (1) 24,000 45,000 Tax Fees - - All Other Fees 60,000 60,000 Total $ 264,000 $ 285,000 (1) Fees incurred in conjunction with consents and service performed for various registration statements filed during the year ended June 30, 2025. Audit fees consist of fees related to professional
services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements. All other fees relate to professional services rendered
in connection with the review of the quarterly financial statements. Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible
non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services. Under our Audit Committee’s policy, pre-approval is generally provided for particular services or categories
of services, including planned services, project-based services and routine consultations. In addition, the Audit Committee may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our Audit Committee approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us
for the 2024 fiscal year. 63 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are
filed as part of this Annual Report: (1) The financial statements are
filed as part of this Annual Report under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (2) The financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto
under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (3) The exhibits listed in the
following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. (b) Exhibits EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 3.3 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 4.1 Form of Underwriter Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 4.2 Pre-Funded Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on December 1, 2023) 10.1 Form of Common Stock Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.2 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement dated February 28, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on March 1, 2023). 10.4 Investment Agreement dated November 1, 2020 between the Registrant and Space Capital Berhad (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.5 13.33% Convertible Redeemable Note issued by the Registrant on November 13, 2020 to Space Capital Behard in the principal amount of $2,123,600 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.6 Collaboration Agreement dated March 21, 2022 between GEM Reward SDN BHD and TNG Digital SDN BHD (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 64 10.7 Business Partner Agreement dated February 8, 2022 between Public Bank and Gem Reward Sdn Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.8 Agreement dated August 6, 2021 between iPay88 (M) Sdn. Bhd. and Gem Reward Sdn Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.9 Partnership Agreement dated as of December 16, 2021 between Gem Reward Sdn Bhd and Digi Telecommunications Sdn Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.10 Collection Services Agreement dated as of August 11, 2021 between ATX Distribution Sdn Bhd and Gem Reward Sdn Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.11 Service Provider Agreement effective January 1, 2022 between Coup Marketing Asia Pacific Sdn. Bhd. d/b/a Pay’s Gift and Gem Reward Sdn. Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.12 Reseller Agreement dated April 12, 2021 between MOL Accessportal Sdn. Bhd. d/b/a Razer Gold and Gem Reward Sdn. Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.13 Merchant Services Agreement dated August 17, 2021 between Morganfield’s and Gem Reward Sdn. Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.14 Merchant Services Agreement dated August 17, 2021 between The Alley and Gem Reward Sdn. Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.15 Merchant Services Agreement dated August 17, 2021 between Hui Lau Shan and Gem Reward Sdn. Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022). 10.16 Employment Agreement dated June13, 2024 between Carlson Thow and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on June 14, 2024) 10.17 Employment Agreement dated June 20, 2024 between Chai Ching “Henry” Loong and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on June 25, 2024) 10.18 Executive Employment Agreement dated June 14, 2024 between Sook Lee Chin and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on June 17, 2024) 10.19 Agreement dated as of October 5, 2023, by and between the Company and YA II PN, Ltd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on October 12, 2023) 10.20 Common Stock Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 28, 2023, between the Registrant and YA II PN Ltd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on October 12, 2023) 10.21 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-271872), originally filed on May 12, 2023). 10.22 License and Service Agreement dated as of October 12, 2023, by and between the Company and AI Lab Martech Sdn. Bhd.(Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on October 18, 2023). 10.23 Letter Offer dated as of August 2, 2023, issued by CIMB Bank Berhad to the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.23 of Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-41476), filed on September 28, 2023). 10.24 Underwriting Agreement dated as of November 28, 2023, by and between Treasure Global Inc and EF Hutton LLC (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on December 1, 2023) 10.25 Letter Agreement dated November 28, 2023 from Yorkville Advisors Global, L.P. to Treasure Global Inc (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on December 4, 2023) 10.26 Software Development Agreement dated as of December 19, 2023, by and between the Company and VT Smart Venture Sdn Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on December 21, 2023). 10.27 Software Purchase Agreement dated as of March 12, 2024, by and between the Company and Myviko Holding Sdn. Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on March 15, 2024). 10.28 Software Purchase Agreement dated as of April 8, 2024, by and between the Company and MYUP Solution Sdn Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on April 8, 2024). 10.29 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of May 24, 2024, by and between the Company, Jeffrey Goh Sim Ik and Koo Siew Leng (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on May 28, 2024). 10.30 Software Purchase Agreement dated as of May 27, 2024, by and between the Company and Falcon Gateway Sdn Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on May 30, 2024). 65 10.31 Partnership Agreement between Treasure Global Inc and Credilab Sdn. Bhd. dated September 20, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on September 20, 2024). 10.32 Form of Purchase Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on October 11, 2024). 10.33 Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Alumni Capital LP dated October 10, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on October 11, 2024). 10.34 Service Partnership Agreement by and between the Company and Octagram Investment Limited dated October 10, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on October 11, 2024). 10.35 Supplemental Letter Dated October 28, 2024 to The Partnership Agreement Dated September 20, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on October 30, 2024). 10.36 Service Agreement Dated October 29, 2024 Between Treasure Global Inc and V Gallant SDN BHD (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on November 1, 2024). 10.37 Subscription Agreement by and among the Company and the Investors dated November 27, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on November 27, 2024). 10.38 Share Purchase Agreement Dated February 11, 2025 between VWXYZ Venture Sdn. Bhd. and with Amystic Commerce Sdn. Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on February 18, 2025). 10.39 Supplemental Letter agreement between Treasure Global Inc and V Gallant SDN BHD dated March 24, 2025 Bhd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on March 28, 2025). 10.40 Sale and Purchase Agreement Dated July 30, 2025 Between Treasure Global Inc and I Synergy Group Ltd (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on August 14, 2025). 10.41 Subscription Agreement Dated October 7, 2025 by and among Treasure Global Inc, Chuah Su Chen and Chan Meng Chun (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41476), originally filed on October 7, 2025). 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Company (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264364), filed on August 1, 2022.). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith). 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1* Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2* Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 Interactive Data Files 101.INS (Filed herewith) 101.SCH XBRL Instance Document (Filed herewith) 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document (Filed herewith) 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document (Filed herewith) 101.LAB XBRL Label Linkbase Document (Filed herewith) 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document (Filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being
furnished and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the
liability of that section, nor shall such exhibits be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document
filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically stated in such filing. Item 16. Form
10-K Summary The Company has elected not to include summary
information. 66 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. Date: October 14, 2025 TREASURE GLOBAL INC. By: /s/ Carlson Thow Carlson Thow Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each individual person whose signature appears
below hereby appoints Carlson Thow as attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution, severally, to execute in the name and on behalf
of each such person, individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to this annual report which amendments may
make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting in the premises deems appropriate, to file any such amendment to the report
with the SEC, and to take all other actions either of them deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the rules,
regulations and requirements of the SEC. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Carlson Thow Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director October 14, 2025 Carlson Thow (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ See Wah “Sylvia” Chan Chief Financial Officer October 14, 2025 See Wah “Sylvia” Chan (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Kok Pin “Darren” Tan Director October 14, 2025 Kok Pin “Darren” Tan /s/ Wei Ping Leong Director October 14, 2025 Wei Ping Leong /s/ Wai Kuan Chan Director October 14, 2025 Wai Kuan Chan /s/ Chan Meng Chun Director October 14, 2025 Chan Meng Chun 67 http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2025#ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Accrued professional fees
The balance of accrued professional fees represented amount due to third parties service providers which include mobile application developing, marketing consulting service, IT related professional service, audit fee, tax filing fee, and consulting fee related to capital raising. Accrued interest
The balance of accrued interest represented the balance of interest payable from convertible notes aforementioned in Note 10. Payables to merchants from ZCITY platform
The balance of payables to merchants from ZCITY platform represented the amount the Company collected on behalf of merchant from its customer through the Company’s ZCITY platform. Provision for share-based compensation adjustment
The balance of provision for share-based compensation adjustment represented the one – off settlement amount to settle cash compensation requested by V Gallant Sdn. Bhd. pursuant to the Service Agreement dated October 29, 2024, as supplemented on March 28, 2025, to reflect the decline in our share price. http://fasb.org/srt/2025#ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 0001905956 false FY 0001905956 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 2024-12-31 0001905956 2025-10-14 0001905956 2025-06-30 0001905956 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 2023-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:SaleAgreementMember 2023-04-12 2023-04-12 0001905956 tgl:FoodlinkGlobalSdnBhdFoodlinkMember 2023-04-12 0001905956 2023-04-12 2023-04-12 0001905956 2024-05-24 2024-05-24 0001905956 tgl:TADAATechnologiesSdnBhdFormerlyKnownAsZCitySdnBhdAndGemRewardSdnBhdMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TADAAVenturesSdnBhdformerlyKnownAsVWXYZVentureSdnBhdMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:FoodlinkGlobalSdnBhdFoodlinkMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:MorganGlobalSdnBhdMorganMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:AYFoodVenturesSdnBhdAYFoodMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:ManagementMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 2023-11-30 2023-11-30 0001905956 us-gaap:IPOMember 2023-11-30 2023-11-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:IPOMember 2023-11-30 0001905956 tgl:HCWainwrightCoLLCMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:IPOMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:IPOMember 2024-10-10 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember tgl:PurchaseAgreementMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 2024-11-27 2024-11-27 0001905956 tgl:OfferedSharesMember 2024-11-27 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-11-27 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 srt:MinimumMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MaximumMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ProductRevenuesMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ProductRevenuesMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EmployeesProvidentFundMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EmploymentInsuranceSystemMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:IPOMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PeriodEndAdjustmentMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PeriodEndAdjustmentMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PeriodAverageAdjustmentMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PeriodAverageAdjustmentMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:VehiclesMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:GiftCardEVoucherRevenueMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:GiftCardEVoucherRevenueMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:HealthCareProductsComputerProductsAndFoodAndBeverageProductsRevenueMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:HealthCareProductsComputerProductsAndFoodAndBeverageProductsRevenueMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:LoyaltyProgramRevenueMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:LoyaltyProgramRevenueMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TransactionRevenueMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TransactionRevenueMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:MemberSubscriptionRevenueMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:MemberSubscriptionRevenueMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:SubLicenseRevenueMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:SubLicenseRevenueMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ServiceAgreementMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ServiceAgreementMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 2023-09-30 0001905956 tgl:NexgenMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:NexgenMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:MusliDevelopmentSdnBhdMember 2024-07-18 0001905956 tgl:VGallantSdnBhdMember 2024-07-18 0001905956 tgl:EnforcementLeadershipAndManagementUniversityMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:MusliMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:MusliMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 2025-03-24 0001905956 tgl:MorganMember 2024-05-24 2024-05-24 0001905956 tgl:MorganMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:MorganMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 2025-02-11 2025-02-11 0001905956 tgl:OtherReceivablesAndOtherCurrentAssetsNetMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:OtherReceivablesAndOtherCurrentAssetsNetMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:OtherReceivablesAndOtherCurrentAssetsNetMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:OtherReceivablesAndOtherCurrentAssetsNetMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:OtherReceivablesAndOtherCurrentAssetsNetMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ComputerAndOfficeEquipmentMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ComputerAndOfficeEquipmentMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:VehiclesMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 2023-07-19 2023-07-19 0001905956 tgl:VCIGMember 2023-07-19 2023-07-19 0001905956 tgl:VCIGMember 2023-07-19 0001905956 tgl:FirstInsuranceFundingMember tgl:PremiumFinanceAgreementMember 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:PremiumFinanceAgreementMember tgl:FirstInsuranceFundingMember 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:FirstInsuranceFundingMember tgl:PremiumFinanceAgreementMember 2023-02-28 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:InsuranceLoanMember 2024-02-29 0001905956 tgl:InsuranceLoanMember 2024-02-29 2024-02-29 0001905956 2025-02-28 0001905956 2025-02-28 2025-02-28 0001905956 tgl:UnsecuredConvertibleNotesMember us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember tgl:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember tgl:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2023-02-28 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2023-02-28 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:YAIIPNLtdMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleDebenturesMember tgl:YAIIPNLtdMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:YAIIPNLtdMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:YAIIPNLtdMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember 2023-02-28 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember 2023-06-14 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TriggeredPrincipalAmountMember 2023-09-28 0001905956 tgl:TriggeredPrincipalAmountMember 2023-09-28 2023-09-28 0001905956 tgl:YAIIPNLtdMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember 2023-12-01 2023-12-31 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember 2023-10-01 2023-10-31 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:FaceValueOfConvertibleNotesPayableMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:UnamortizedDebtDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesPayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ThirdPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:RelatedPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 tgl:FaceValueOfConvertibleNotesPayableMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:UnamortizedDebtDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesPayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ThirdPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:RelatedPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:FaceValueOfConvertibleNotesPayableMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:UnamortizedDebtDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesPayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ThirdPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:RelatedPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:FaceValueOfConvertibleNotesPayableMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:UnamortizedDebtDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesPayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ThirdPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:RelatedPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:FaceValueOfConvertibleNotesPayableMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:UnamortizedDebtDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ConvertibleNotesPayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountsMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ThirdPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:RelatedPartiesMember us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ChanChongsamTeoMember 2020-12-07 2020-12-07 0001905956 tgl:AutoLoanMember tgl:ChanChongsamTeoMember 2020-12-07 2020-12-07 0001905956 2020-12-07 2020-12-07 0001905956 tgl:ChanChongsamTeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:RelatedPartyLoanMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:RelatedPartyLoanMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 2023-10-30 2023-10-30 0001905956 2024-02-29 2024-02-29 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdOneMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdOneMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdTwoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdTwoMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:VCIGlobalLimitedMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:VCIGlobalLimitedMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdThreeMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:EzytronicSdnBhdThreeMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TrueSightSdnBhdMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TrueSightSdnBhdMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-10-31 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-10-31 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYMember 2021-10-31 0001905956 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2021-10-31 0001905956 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-04-02 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-02-27 2024-02-27 0001905956 2025-04-07 2025-04-07 0001905956 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TraDigitalMarketingGroupMember 2024-05-31 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:IPOMember 2023-11-30 0001905956 us-gaap:IPOMember 2023-11-30 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember 2023-11-30 2023-11-30 0001905956 tgl:HCWainwrightCoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 2024-10-10 0001905956 tgl:PurchaseAgreementMember 2024-10-10 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember tgl:PurchaseAgreementMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 tgl:Warrants1Member tgl:UnderwritingAgreementTwoMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 tgl:FirstExercisePriceMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 tgl:RepresentativeWarrantsMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 tgl:FirstExercisePriceMember tgl:UnderwriterAgreementMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 tgl:SecondExercisePriceMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 tgl:SecondExercisePriceMember tgl:UnderwriterAgreementMember 2024-10-10 2024-10-10 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CommonStockIssuedSharePurchaseAgreementMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:SubscriptionAgreementMember 2024-11-27 2024-11-27 0001905956 tgl:SubscriptionAgreementMember 2024-11-27 0001905956 2024-11-27 0001905956 tgl:AILabMartechSdnBhdMember us-gaap:LicenseAndServiceMember 2023-10-12 0001905956 tgl:AILabMartechSdnBhdMember 2023-10-12 0001905956 tgl:VTSmartVentureSdnBhdMember us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 2023-12-19 0001905956 tgl:VTSmartVentureSdnBhdMember 2023-12-19 0001905956 tgl:MyvikoHoldingSdnBhdMember us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 2024-03-12 0001905956 tgl:FalconGatewaySdnBhdMember 2024-03-12 2024-03-12 0001905956 tgl:FalconGatewaySdnBhdMember 2024-03-12 0001905956 tgl:MYUPSolutionSdnBhdMember 2024-04-08 0001905956 us-gaap:CommonStockMember tgl:MYUPSolutionSdnBhdMember 2024-04-08 0001905956 tgl:MyvikoHoldingSdnBhdMember 2024-04-08 2024-04-08 0001905956 tgl:FalconGatewaySdnBhdMember 2024-05-27 0001905956 tgl:MYUPSolutionSdnBhdMember 2024-05-06 2024-05-06 0001905956 tgl:CredilabSdnBhdBhdCLSBMember 2024-09-20 2024-09-20 0001905956 tgl:CredilabSdnBhdBhdCLSBMember 2024-09-20 0001905956 2025-03-25 2025-03-25 0001905956 tgl:PartnershipAgreementMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 2024-10-29 2024-10-29 0001905956 2025-03-28 2025-03-28 0001905956 2025-01-31 2025-01-31 0001905956 tgl:VGallantSdnBhdMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember 2023-10-30 0001905956 us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2023-10-30 0001905956 2024-02-01 2024-02-29 0001905956 tgl:Warrants1Member 2022-08-15 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember 2020-07-01 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember 2020-07-01 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember 2020-07-01 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember 2020-07-01 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputCommodityMarketPriceMember 2020-07-01 0001905956 tgl:BlackScholesModelMember 2020-07-01 2020-07-01 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember tgl:UnderwritingAgreementTwoMember 2023-11-28 2023-11-28 0001905956 tgl:UnderwritingAgreementTwoMember 2023-11-28 2023-11-28 0001905956 tgl:UnderwritingAgreementTwoMember 2023-11-28 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember tgl:UnderwritingAgreementTwoMember 2023-11-28 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember tgl:UnderwritingAgreementTwoMember 2023-11-28 2023-11-28 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember 2023-12-31 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember 2024-01-31 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-12-31 0001905956 tgl:PrefundedWarrantsMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-01-31 0001905956 tgl:Warrants1Member 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:Warrants1Member 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:AlumniCapitalMember srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:AlumniCapitalMember srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:AlumniCapitalMember srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputSharePriceMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputSharePriceMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:BlackScholesModelMember srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputSharePriceMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:BlackScholesModelMember srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:MeasurementInputSharePriceMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:BlackScholesModelMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 2025-06-05 0001905956 2025-06-05 2025-06-05 0001905956 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2025-06-05 0001905956 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2023-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2023-06-30 2023-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:DomesticCountryMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:DomesticCountryMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:DomesticCountryMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:ForeignCountryMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:ForeignCountryMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:ForeignCountryMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 country:US 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 country:US 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 country:MY 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 country:MY 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomerOneMember us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomerOneMember us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomerTwoMember us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomerThreeMember us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PurchaseMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsOneMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PurchaseMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsTwoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PurchaseMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsOneMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:PurchaseMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsTwoMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsPayableMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsOneMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsPayableMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsTwoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsPayableMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsThreeMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsPayableMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsOneMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:AccountsPayableMember us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember tgl:VendorsTwoMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformOneMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceOneMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformOneMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceOneMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember country:MY 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceOneMember country:MY 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:ZCITYPlatformMember country:US 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceOneMember country:US 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceOneMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001905956 tgl:CustomizedSoftwareDevelopmentServiceOneMember 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001905956 tgl:TADAAVenturesMember 2025-02-11 0001905956 tgl:TADAAVenturesMember 2025-02-11 2025-02-11 0001905956 tgl:TienMingMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2025-07-01 0001905956 2025-07-01 0001905956 srt:ScenarioForecastMember 2025-10-07 0001905956 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2025-08-12 2025-08-12 0001905956 2025-08-12 2025-08-12 0001905956 srt:ScenarioForecastMember 2025-10-31 2025-10-31 0001905956 2025-10-31 2025-10-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure tgl:segments iso4217:MYR iso4217:AUD

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials comprised of their products or used in their services, from manufacturers and distributors located around
the world, and may have entered into long-term contracts or exclusive agreements that would ensure their ability to acquire the types
and quantities of products or raw materials they desire at acceptable prices and in a timely manner. Any potential disruption in and other
risks relating to the offline or online merchants’ supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or Russia’s invasion
of Ukraine, could increase the costs of their products or services to consumers, potentially causing consumers to limit their spending
or seek products or services from alternative businesses that may not be registered as a merchant with us, which may ultimately affect
the total number of users using our platform and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 30 Our business will be exposed to foreign
exchange risk. We derive most of our revenue from the operations
of our ZCITY App in Malaysia and expect to derive our revenue from Malaysia, other SEA countries and Japan in the future. Our functional
currencies will by necessity be the currencies of the countries of SEA and Japan. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. We translate
our results of operations using the average exchange rate for the period, unless the average is not a reasonable approximation of the
cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the
dates of the transactions, and we translate our financial position at the period-end exchange rate. Accordingly, any significant fluctuation
between the currencies of countries of SEA and Japan on the one hand and the U.S. dollar on the other could expose us to foreign exchange
risk. Some of the currencies of the countries of SEA
are not freely convertible. The foreign exchange management regime of many SEA countries has transitioned from a system of fixed multiple
exchange rates controlled by the state banks to a system of flexible exchange rates regulated largely by market forces, though transfers
of currency is regulated and controlled in some countries. A significant depreciation in many of the currencies of countries of SEA against
major foreign currencies may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition because our reporting
currency is the U.S. dollar. There can be no assurance, that the governments will continue to relax their foreign exchange regulations,
that they will maintain the same foreign exchange policy or that there will be sufficient foreign currency available in the market for
currency conversions. If, in the future, the regulations restrict our ability to convert local currencies or there is insufficient foreign
currency available in the market, we may be unable to meet any foreign currency payment obligations. Fluctuations in exchange rates in the Malaysian
Ringgit (“RM”) could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities. The value of the RM against the U.S. dollar and
other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in Malaysia’s political and economic conditions.
The value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RM and between those currencies
and other currencies in which our revenue may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RM relative to the U.S.
dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business
or results of operations. As we rely entirely on revenues earned in Malaysia, any significant revaluation of RM may materially and adversely
affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from
an offering of our securities into RM for our operations, appreciation of the RM against the U.S. dollar could cause the RM equivalent
of U.S. dollars to be reduced and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Conversely, if we decide to convert our RM into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making dividend payments on our common stock or for other
business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RM, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the RM we convert would be reduced. In
addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a change to our operations and a reduction in
the value of these assets. We may not be able to maintain the listing
of our common stock on Nasdaq, which could adversely affect our liquidity and the trading volume and market price of our common stock
and decrease or eliminate your investment. On August 17, 2023, we received a letter from
Nasdaq notifying us that we were no longer in compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq
under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). Although Nasdaq has granted us 180 calendar days, or until February 13, 2024, to regain compliance
with the Bid Price Rule. On February 27, 2024, the Company effected a 1:70 reverse stock split of its shares of common stock. On March
20, 2024, the Company received a letter from the Panel informing the Company that since the common stock of the Company had traded at
$1.00 per share or greater for a 10 consecutive business day period between February 27, 2024 and March 20, 2024. Accordingly, the Company
has regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule and this matter is closed. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to
be in compliance and Nasdaq could make a determination to issue another notice regarding such incompliance. 31 Any delisting determination by Nasdaq could seriously
decrease or eliminate the value of an investment in our common stock and other securities linked to our common stock. While a listing
on an over-the-counter exchange could maintain some degree of a market in our common stock, we could face substantial material adverse
consequences, including, but not limited to, the following: limited availability for market quotations for our common stock; reduced liquidity
with respect to and decreased trading prices of our common stock; a determination that shares of our common stock are “penny stock”
under the SEC rules, subjecting brokers trading our common stock to more stringent rules on disclosure and the class of investors to which
the broker may sell the common stock; limited news and analyst coverage for our Company, in part due to the “penny stock”
rules; decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; and potential breaches under or
terminations of our agreements with current or prospective large stockholders, strategic investors and banks. The perception among investors
that we are at heightened risk of delisting could also negatively affect the market price of our securities and trading volume of our
common stock. Geopolitical conditions, including acts
of war or terrorism or unrest in the regions in which we operate could adversely affect our business. Most of our operations and business activities
are conducted in Malaysia, whose economy and legal system remain susceptible to risks associated with an emerging economy and which is
subject to higher geopolitical risks than developed countries. Social and political unrest could give rise to various risks, such as loss
of employment and safety and security risks to persons and property. Additionally, our operations could be disrupted by acts of war, terrorist
activity or other similar events, including the current or anticipated impact of military conflict and related sanctions imposed on Russia,
Belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian political, business, and financial organizations by the
United States and other countries due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. It is not possible to predict the broader
consequences of the conflict, including related geopolitical tensions, and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and
other countries in respect thereof as well as any counter measures or retaliatory actions by Russia or Belarus in response, including,
for example, potential cyberattacks or the disruption of energy exports, is likely to cause regional instability, geopolitical shifts,
and could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional economies and the global economy. Any such event
may in turn have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and all of our directors and all our officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for
you to enforce your rights based on U.S. Federal Securities Laws against us and our officers and directors or to enforce a judgment of
a United States court against us or our officers and directors. All of our directors and officers reside outside
of the United States. In addition, substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
laws against us in the courts of either the U.S. or Malaysia and, even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, to enforce such
judgments in Malaysian courts. Our failure to maintain effective internal
controls over financial reporting could have an adverse impact on us. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate
internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could
adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management’s
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal
controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of management’s assessment of our internal
controls over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting firm’s attestation to or report on management’s assessment
of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. In preparing our consolidated financial statements
as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024, we and our independent registered public accounting firms identified 2 material weaknesses
and other control deficiencies including significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the
standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. A “material weakness” is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 32 The material weaknesses identified included the
following: (1) Inadequate U.S. GAAP expertise. The current accounting staff is inexperienced in applying U.S. GAAP standard as they are
primarily engaged in ensuring compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) accounting and reporting
requirement for our consolidated operating entities, and thus require substantial training. The current staff’s accounting skills
and understanding as to how to fulfill the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting, including subsidiary financial statements consolidation,
are inadequate; and (2) Inadequate internal audit function. We lack of a functional internal audit department or personnel that monitors
the consistencies of the preventive internal control procedures and lack of adequate policies and procedures in internal audit function
to ensure that our policies and procedures have been carried out as planned. Following the identification of the material weaknesses
and control deficiencies, we plan to take remedial measures including (i) hiring more qualified accounting personnel with relevant U.S.
GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the financial reporting function and to set up a financial and system
control framework; (ii) implementing regular and continuous U.S. GAAP accounting and financial reporting training programs for our accounting
and financial reporting personnel; (iii) establishing internal audit function by engaging an external consulting firm to assist us with
assessment of Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance requirements and improvement of overall internal control; and (iv) strengthening corporate
governance. However, the implementation of these measures may not fully address the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. Our failure to correct the material weaknesses or our failure to discover and address any other material weaknesses or control
deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our consolidated financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable
financial reporting requirements and related regulatory filings on a timely basis. As a result, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stocks, may be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, ineffective
internal control over financial reporting significantly hinders our ability to prevent fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no system of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Further, controls can
be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management override of the controls. The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. If we fail to have effective controls and procedures
for financial reporting in place, we could be unable to provide timely and accurate financial information which could result in an investigation
by the SEC and civil or criminal sanctions; investors losing confidence in the accuracy of our periodic reports filed under the Exchange
Act; and a decline in our stock price. We are an “emerging growth company”
under the JOBS Act and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our
common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are not applicable
to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote
on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 33 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words,
an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. We will remain an “emerging growth company”
until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed $1.235 billion,
if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The elimination of personal liability against
our directors and officers under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights held by our directors, officers and employees
may result in substantial expenses. Our certificate of incorporation, as amended (“Certificate
of Incorporation”) eliminates the personal liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent permissible under Delaware law. Further, our bylaws (“Bylaws”) provide
that we are obligated to indemnify each of our directors or officers to the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware law and, subject
to certain conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending any action, suit or proceeding prior to its
final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage
awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further, those provisions and resulting costs may discourage
us or our stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers for breaches of their fiduciary
duties, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our stockholders. We have not paid dividends in the past and
do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the value of our stock. We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future
earnings to support the development of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment
of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board after taking into account various factors, including, but not limited to,
our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to
at the time. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited by Delaware state law. Accordingly, investors
must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their
investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Cybersecurity incident and ongoing cyber
risk We operate cloud-based systems and third-party integrations to support
our platform and software services. In May 2025 we detected unauthorized changes to our domain, DNS, and email configurations, which caused
us to suspend operations on our ZCITY App for 44 days, however no evidence of data exfiltration or compromise involving customer data,
financial information, or internal systems was found and the incident did not have any material adverse effect on our business or financial
prospects. We have increased our security protocols and migrated to a new domain for our ZCity App. However, cybersecurity events may
recur and could result in operational disruption, loss of data, regulatory inquiries, litigation, reputational harm, and additional costs
for response and remediation. If any of these events were to occur it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
condition. Customer and prepayment concentration A limited number of customers and counterparties accounted for a meaningful
portion of our revenues, receivables and prepayments. If a major customer reduces or delays orders, or if prepayments to project counterparties
are not realized as planned, our results of operations and liquidity could be adversely affected, including potential impairments or allowances. Regulatory Risks Failure to comply with laws and regulations
applicable to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose customers or otherwise harm our business. Our business is subject to regulation by various
governmental agencies in Malaysia, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing compliance with various legal obligations,
such as privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations, intellectual property laws, employment and labor laws, workplace safety,
governmental trade laws, import and export controls, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and tax laws and regulations. These laws and
regulations impose added costs on our business. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to: ● investigations, enforcement
actions, and sanctions; ● mandatory changes to our network
and products; ● disgorgement of profits, fines,
and damages; ● civil and criminal penalties
or injunctions; 34 ● claims for damages by our customers
or channel partners; ● termination of contracts; ● failure to obtain, maintain
or renew certain licenses, approvals, permits, registrations or filings necessary to conduct our operations; and ● temporary or permanent debarment
from sales to public service organizations. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or
if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be
adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of our management’s attention
and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could materially harm our business, results of operations
and financial condition. Any reviews by regulatory agencies or legislatures
may result in substantial regulatory fines, changes to our business practices and other penalties, which could negatively affect our business
and results of operations. Changes in social, political and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics
may cause us to change our business practices. Further, our expansion into a variety of new fields also could raise a number of new regulatory
issues. These factors could negatively affect our business and results of operations in material ways. Moreover, we are exposed to the risk of misconduct,
errors and failure to functions by our management, employees and parties that we collaborate with, who may from time to time be subject
to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings or otherwise face potential liability and penalties in relation to noncompliance
with applicable laws and regulations, which could harm our reputation and business. Regulation of the internet generally could
have adverse consequences on our business. We are also subject to regulations and laws in
Malaysia specifically governing the internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the Internet,
e-commerce or other online services, and increase the cost of providing online services. These regulations and laws may cover sweepstakes,
taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications,
consumer protection, broadband residential Internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. It is not clear how existing
laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the internet and e-commerce.
Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. Privacy regulations could have adverse consequences
on our business. We receive, collect, store, process, transfer
and use personal information and other user data. There are numerous international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection,
information security and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure and protection of personal information
and other content, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among countries, or
conflict with other laws and regulations. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related
to privacy, data protection and information security. We strive to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and other legal
obligations relating to privacy, data protection and information security to the extent possible. However, the regulatory framework for
privacy and data protection worldwide is, and is likely to remain for the foreseeable future, uncertain and complex, and it is possible
that these or other actual or alleged obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that we do not anticipate or that is inconsistent
from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Further, any significant change to applicable laws,
regulations, or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security or disclosure of our users’ data, or their
interpretation, or any changes regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of users for the collection, use, retention
or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our services and features, possibly in
a material manner, which we may be unable to complete, and may limit our ability to store and process user data or develop new services
and features. We also expect that there will continue to be
new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in various
jurisdictions. 35 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply
with our posted privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties or any other legal obligations or regulatory
requirements relating to privacy, data protection or information security may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions,
litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause
our users to lose trust in us, and otherwise have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance
with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our users may limit the
adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our ZCITY App. Additionally, if third parties we work with violate
applicable laws, regulations or agreements, such violations may put our users’ data at risk, could result in governmental investigations
or enforcement actions, fines, litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result
in significant liability, cause our users to lose trust in us and otherwise have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Further,
public scrutiny of or complaints about technology companies or their data handling or data protection practices, even if unrelated to
our business, industry or operations, may lead to increased scrutiny of technology companies, including us, and may cause government agencies
to enact additional regulatory requirements, or to modify their enforcement or investigation activities, which may increase our costs
and risks. Regulation of gift cards or “E-vouchers”
could have adverse consequences on our business. Our platform’s payment system inevitably
provides our customers with reward points that may or may not be deemed gift certificates, store gift cards, general-use prepaid cards
or other vouchers or “gift cards,” subject to, various laws of multiple jurisdictions. Many of these laws include specific
disclosure requirements and prohibitions or limitations on the use of expiration dates and the imposition of certain fees. Various companies
that provided deal products similar to ours around the world are currently or were defendants in purported class action lawsuits. The application of various other laws and regulations
to our products is uncertain. These include laws and regulations pertaining to unclaimed and abandoned property, partial redemption, revenue-sharing
restrictions on certain trade groups and professions, sales and other local taxes and the sale of alcoholic beverages. In addition, we
may become, or be determined to be, subject to United States federal or state laws or laws in Malaysia or other countries where we operate
regulating money transmitters or aimed at preventing money laundering or terrorist financing, including the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA
Patriot Act and other similar future laws or regulations in the United States and in the applicable SEA or East Asia countries. If we become subject to claims or are required
to alter our business practices as a result of current or future laws and regulations, our revenue could decrease, our costs could increase
and our business could otherwise be harmed. In addition, the costs and expenses associated with defending any actions related to such
additional laws and regulations and any payments of related penalties, fines, judgments or settlements could harm our business. The requirements of being a public company
are complex and have increased costs. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations increases
our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems
and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business
and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a
result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results.
We may need to hire more employees in the future to maintain compliance with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance
costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in
many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated
by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and
standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time
and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards
differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may
initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 36 We also expect that being a public company and
these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required
to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for
us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board, particularly to serve on our audit committee and renumeration committee, and
qualified executive officers. As a result of disclosure of information in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our prior SEC filings, our business and financial condition has become more visible, which we believe
may result in increased threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful,
our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these
claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating
results. Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and Malaysia anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We are required to comply the Malaysia’s
anti-corruption laws and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery
or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition, we are required to
maintain records that accurately and fairly represent our transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Foreign
companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and
other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in Malaysia. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential
treatment from personnel of some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who
might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although we inform our personnel that such practices
are illegal, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences
that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our brand and reputation,
our sales activities or the price of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected if we become the target of any negative publicity
as a result of actions taken by our employees or other agents. Litigation is costly and time consuming
and could have a material adverse effect our business, results or operations and reputation. We and/or our directors and officers may be subject
to a variety of civil or other legal proceedings, with or without merit. From time to time in the ordinary course of our business, we
may become involved in various legal proceedings, including commercial, employment and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental
and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources
and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of any such actions
may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Even if the claims are without merit, the costs
associated with defending these types of claims may be substantial, both in terms of time, money, and management distraction. In particular,
patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict and may require
us to stop offering certain features, purchase licenses or modify our products and features while we develop non-infringing substitutes
or may result in significant settlement costs. The results of litigation and claims to which
we may be subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or
without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our
business, results or operations and reputation. 37 We face potential liability and expense
for legal claims based on the content on our ZCITY App. We face potential liability and expense for legal
claims relating to the information that we publish on our website and our ZCITY App, including claims for copyright or trademark infringement,
among others. These claims could divert management time and attention away from our business and result in significant costs to investigate
and defend, regardless of the merits of the claims. In some instances, we may elect or be compelled to remove content or may be forced
to pay substantial damages if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to defend against these claims. If we elect or are compelled to remove
valuable content from our website or mobile app, our ZCITY App may become less useful to consumers and our traffic may decline, which
could have a negative impact on our business and financial performance. Our intellectual property rights may be
inadequate to protect us against others claiming violations of their proprietary rights and the cost of enforcement could be significant. The future success of our business is dependent
upon the intellectual property rights surrounding our technology, including trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation.
Although we will seek to protect our proprietary rights, our actions may be inadequate to protect any proprietary rights or to prevent
others from claiming violations of their proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that other companies are not investigating or developing
other technologies that are similar to our technology. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may be unenforceable or
limited in certain countries, and the global nature of the Internet makes it impossible to control the ultimate designation of our technology.
Any of these claims, with or without merit, could subject us to costly litigation. If the protection of proprietary rights is inadequate
to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished. Any
of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Effective trade secret, copyright, trademark and
domain name protection is expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration requirements and expenses
and the costs of defending our rights. We are seeking to protect our trademarks and domain names in an increasing number of jurisdictions,
a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location. Litigation may be necessary to enforce
our intellectual property rights, protect our respective trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed
by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management
and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may incur significant costs in enforcing
our trademarks against those who attempt to imitate our brand. If we fail to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property rights,
our business and operating results may be harmed. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position could be harmed. In addition to patent protection, we also rely
upon copyright and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees,
consultants and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information. In addition to contractual measures, we try to
protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Such
measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access,
provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating
our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy
to protect our interests fully. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our product that
we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive
and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, trade secret violations
are often a matter of state law, and the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. In addition,
trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential
or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently
developed by a competitor, our business and competitive position could be harmed. 38 Third parties may assert that our employees
or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. We employ individuals who previously worked with
other companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not
use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants
or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary
information, of a former employer or other third party. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending
any such claims or settling those claims, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs
and be a distraction to management and other employees. Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity We maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity program
designed to protect our information systems and digital assets, including identity and access management controls, network security monitoring,
employee awareness training, and periodic third-party assessments. Our cybersecurity policies are reviewed by management and overseen
by the board’s audit committee at least annually. We regularly evaluate emerging threats and update our security controls and incident-response
procedures accordingly. Incident and Remediation Summary In May 2025, we detected unauthorized changes
to our domain, DNS, and email configurations originating from administrative credentials retained by a former employee. The impact was
limited to a brief email-routing disruption; all production systems remained fully operational. Based on internal reviews and independent
external assessment, we found no evidence of data exfiltration or compromise involving customer data, financial information, or internal
systems, and the issue was contained on the same day it was discovered. Upon detection, we immediately purged and rotated
credentials across all critical systems, enforced company-wide multi-factor authentication, closed orphaned accounts, and moved registrar
and DNS administration under centralized secure access controls. We also hardened email authentication (SPF, DKIM, DMARC), implemented
registry-level domain locks and DNSSEC, and completed a secure migration of domain and DNS records to a new registrar environment. We have since completed a forensic investigation,
automated off-boarding and access-revocation processes, established 24/7 SIEM/SOC monitoring for identity and domain anomalies, and conducted
targeted cybersecurity training. Our domain, DNS, and email operations are now fully stabilized and secured, with quarterly access reviews
and ongoing monitoring to ensure continued resilience. The incident did not have a material impact on our operations or financial
condition.

