TICKER: TLS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruption or delay, could also negatively affect our ability to process transactions under those contracts, which could adversely affect our revenue and the results of operations. 12 Table of Contents A failure to attract, train, retain and motivate key and skilled employees, including key members of our management team, would adversely affect our ability to execute our strategy and may disrupt our operations. Our business relies heavily upon the expertise and services of our employees. Our success depends upon the continued services of our highly qualified and experienced executive officers and other key members of management. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives. Such changes in our executive management team may be disruptive to our business. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing highly trained and skilled personnel, particularly our business development and operations groups, because of the complexity of our services and technologies. The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers and other subject matter experts with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software, cybersecurity, and Internet-related services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists and operations personnel. Many U.S. federal government contracts require us to have security clearances and employ personnel with specified levels of education, work experience, and security clearances. Depending on the level of clearance, security clearances can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain. Competition for skilled personnel is intense, and to the extent we cannot maintain or obtain the required level of expertise and clearances for our employees working on such contracts, we may not be able to fulfill our contractual obligations and may not generate the revenue anticipated from the contracts. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. From time to time, we have experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. These difficulties may be amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or the availability of visas for skilled technology workers. These difficulties could be further amplified by the high cost of living in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area, where our headquarters is located. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current key employees or group, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. Due to the competitive bidding process to obtain U.S. federal government contracts, both upon initial issuance and re-competition, and the likelihood of bid protest, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. Many of our U.S. federal government contracts are awarded through a competitive bidding process upon initial award and renewal, and we expect this will continue. There is often significant competition and pricing pressure as a result of this process. From time to time, the competitive bidding process presents a number of risks, including the following: • We expend substantial funds and time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that are ultimately awarded to one of our competitors; • We are unable to accurately estimate the resources and costs that will be required to perform any contract we are awarded, which results in substantial cost overruns and decreased margins; • We encounter expense and delay when our competitors protest or challenge awards of contracts, and any such protest or challenge could result in a requirement to resubmit bids on modified specifications or in the termination, reduction or modification of the awarded contract; and • We are not given the opportunity to re-compete for U.S. federal government contracts previously awarded to us, and we may incur expenses to protest such a decision and ultimately may not succeed in competing for or winning such contract renewal. The U.S. federal government contracts for which we compete typically have multiple option periods, and if, as happens from time to time, we fail to win a contract or a task order, we generally will be unable to compete again for that contract for several years. If we fail to win new contracts or to receive renewal contracts upon re-competition, our business and prospects will be adversely affected and that could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. In addition, we will not have an opportunity to compete for these contract opportunities again until such contracts expire. In the event a bid protest of contracts awarded to us are unsuccessful, the resulting delay of program performance and funding of work under protested contract awards may adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Our competitive position and future profitability depend, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies . Our ability to increase revenue from existing customers and attract new customers will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to rapid technological changes and market developments. Further, our future profitability partly depends on our ability to successfully implement our strategies to increase adoption of our solutions and services and develop new offerings. 13 Table of Contents Virtually all of the products we produce and sell are highly engineered and require sophisticated manufacturing and system integration techniques and capabilities. The government market in which we primarily operate is characterized by rapidly changing technologies. The product or program needs of our government and commercial customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance in part depends on our ability to identify emerging technological trends, devote adequate research and development resources, develop and manufacture competitive products, and bring those products to market quickly at cost-effective prices. Further, the market for identity verification solutions is still developing, and the evolution of this market may result in the development of different technologies and industry standards that may not be compatible with our current solutions, products, or technologies. Maintaining adequate research and development resources, such as the appropriate personnel and development technology, to meet the market demands is essential. If we fail to effectively anticipate, identify and respond to these changes in product, solutions or program needs in a timely manner, our business could be negatively impacted. Likewise, if we are unable to develop new products that meet customers' changing needs, future sales and earnings may be materially affected. Our failure to maintain adequate research and development resources or to compete effectively with the research and development programs of our competitors would give an advantage to such competitors and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our financial results may fluctuate due to increasing variability in our security solutions' sales and implementation cycles . We market the majority of our security solutions directly to U.S. federal government customers. The sale and implementation of our services to these entities typically involves a lengthy education process and a significant technical evaluation and commitment of capital and other resources, which adds uncertainty to our sales cycle. This process is also subject to the risk of delays associated with customers' internal budgeting and other procedures for approving large capital expenditures, deploying new technologies within their networks and testing and accepting new technologies that affect key operations. As a result, the sales and implementation cycles associated with certain of our services can be difficult to predict and lengthy. Our quarterly and annual operating results could be materially harmed if orders forecasted for a specific customer for a particular period of time are not realized. Failure to effectively develop and execute our sales and business development capabilities will harm our ability to grow our business. Our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our solutions and services depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to perform at a high level in our business development, growth, sales and marketing operations and activities. We believe that selling and marketing our security solutions requires advanced sales skills, customer relationships and technical knowledge to generate interest and to effectively communicate our solutions or services to new markets. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from our growth team if we are unable to hire and develop talented business development and sales personnel, if our new business development and sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if we are unable to retain our existing sales force. We depend on computing infrastructure operated by third parties to support some of our solutions and customers, and to help complete critical business functions. Any errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure in their or our operational infrastructure could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on the technology, infrastructure, and software applications of certain third parties in order to host or operate certain key features or functions of our business. Additionally, we rely on third-party computer hardware and cloud capabilities in order to deliver our solutions and services. Our business is dependent on the integrity, security and efficient operation of this technology and infrastructure, and we do not necessarily control the operation or data security of the third parties we utilize. If any of these third-party services experience errors, disruptions, security issues, or other performance deficiencies; if they are updated such that our solutions become incompatible; if these services, software, or hardware fails or becomes unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions, defects, or otherwise; or if they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices (or at all), these issues could result in errors or defects in our solutions, failure of our solutions to perform, decline in our revenue and margins, damage to our reputation and brand, exposure to legal or contractual liability, increase in our expenses, and interruption in our ability to manage our operations. In addition, our processes for managing our sales and servicing our customers could be impaired until equivalent services or technology, if available, are identified, procured, and implemented, all of which may take significant time and resources, increase our costs, and could adversely affect our business. Many of these third-party providers attempt to impose limitations on their liability for such errors, disruptions, defects, performance deficiencies, or failures, and if enforceable, we may have additional liability to our customers or third-party providers. 14 Table of Contents Furthermore, our solutions are, in many cases, important or essential to our customers' operations, including, in some cases, their cybersecurity or oversight and compliance programs, and subject to service level agreements. Any interruption in our service, whether as a result of an internal or third-party issue, could damage our brand and reputation, cause our customers to terminate or not renew their contracts with us or decrease the use of our solutions and services, require us to indemnify our customers against certain losses, result in our issuing credit or paying penalties or fines, subject us to other losses or liabilities, cause our solutions to be perceived as unreliable or unsecured, and prevent us from gaining new or additional business from current or future customers, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. For example, the provisioning of additional cloud hosting capacity requires lead time. These third parties have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If these third parties increase pricing terms, terminate or seek to terminate our contractual relationship, establish more favorable relationships with our competitors, or change or interpret their terms of service or policies in a manner that is unfavorable with respect to us, we may be required to (among other possible consequences) transfer to other cloud providers or invest in a private cloud. In that case, we could incur significant costs and experience possible service interruption in connection with doing so, or risk loss of customer contracts if they are unwilling to accept such a change. A failure to maintain our relationships with our third-party providers (or obtain adequate replacements), and to receive services from such providers that do not contain any material errors or defects, could adversely affect our ability to deliver effective products and solutions to our customers and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We depend on third parties for certain operational services and components of our products in order to fully perform under our contracts, and the failure or disruption of a third party to perform these services or provide these goods could have an adverse impact on our business. We rely on subcontractors and other suppliers (or contracting parties) to provide materials, major components and subsystems for our products or to perform a portion of the services that we provide to our customers. A failure by one or more of our suppliers or contracting parties to provide agreed-upon materials, components or products, or perform agreed-upon services, on a timely basis and in a cost-effective manner, may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations and adversely impact our results of operations. Occasionally, we rely on only one or two sources of supply, which, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers, and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. From time to time, we depend on these subcontractors and suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely and satisfactory manner in full compliance with customer requirements. If one or more of our subcontractors or suppliers is unable to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services per its contractual obligations, our ability to perform our obligations as a contractor may be adversely affected. Our subcontractors' or suppliers' deficiencies can result in a customer terminating our contract for default, and we may be exposed to liability. Additionally, we could experience cost overruns and delays in contract performance, both of which would negatively impact our business and results of operations. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property, technologies and proprietary rights could harm our business, competitive position, financial condition, and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on our internally developed technologies, patents and other intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our trade secrets or other forms of intellectual property without authorization. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights in those countries to the same extent U.S. law protects these rights in the United States. In addition, it is possible that others may independently develop substantially equivalent intellectual property. If we do not effectively protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer. To protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our rights. In the future, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Regardless of outcome, this type of litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources. The inability to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our contracts and may be adversely affected by our failure to estimate and manage costs, time, and resources accurately. We generated 73.3% of our 2025 revenues from fixed-price contracts. Under fixed-price contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur, and consequently, we carry the burden of any cost overruns. Fixed-price contracts require us to price our contracts by predicting our expenditures in advance. Due to their nature, fixed-price contracts inherently have more risk, particularly fixed-price development contracts where the costs to complete the development stage of the program can be highly variable, uncertain and difficult to estimate. Under cost-reimbursable contracts, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fee, which may be fixed or performance-based. In certain cases, cost-reimbursable contracts have a contract ceiling. If our costs exceed the contract ceiling and are not authorized by the customer or are not allowable under the contract or applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all such costs and our fees may be reduced or eliminated. In addition, because many of our contracts involve advanced designs and innovative technologies, we may experience unforeseen technological difficulties and cost overruns. Under both types of contracts, we must accurately estimate the likely volume of work that will occur, costs and resource requirements involved, and assess the probability of completing individual transactions or milestones within the contracted time period and amount to maximize profit on these contracts. Further, some of our contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we fail to meet the terms specified in these contracts, we may incur additional costs or penalties. Cost overruns or poor cost controls could lower earnings, or may incur a net loss on a contract, and cause a negative impact on our results of operations. In addition, some of our contracts are under a time-and-material basis. While this type of contracts is generally subject to less uncertainty than fixed-price contracts, to the extent that our actual labor costs are higher than the contract rates, our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. We will face risks associated with the growth of our business in new commercial markets and with new customer verticals, and we may not be able to achieve organic growth nor have the necessary resources to dedicate to the overall growth of our business. To increase our revenue and achieve and maintain profitability, we plan to expand our operations in new commercial markets, including those where we may have limited operating experience, and may be subject to increased business, technology and economic risks that could affect our financial results. In the future, we may increasingly focus on commercial customers, including in the banking, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, telecommunication, airlines and aerospace, insurance, retail, transportation, shipping and logistics, and energy industries, as well as other critical infrastructure industries. Entering new verticals and expanding in the verticals in which we are already operating will continue to require significant resources and there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful or beneficial to us. Although sales to a new customer have often led to additional sales to the same customer or similarly situated customers, it is uncertain if we will achieve the same penetration and organic growth in the future, and our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be negatively impacted. As we expand into and within new and emerging markets and heavily regulated industry verticals, we will likely face additional regulatory scrutiny, risks, and burdens from the governments and agencies that regulate those markets and industries. Failure to deliver high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results. Our customers depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our solutions and offerings. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services. Increased customer demand for these services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on the reputation of our solutions, support and positive recommendations from our existing customers. Failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and financial position. Our growth depends, in part, on the success of our strategic relationship with our partner organizations. To grow our business, we will continue to build, grow and maintain relationships with third parties, such as partner organizations, that provide complementary cybersecurity offerings. Identifying partners and negotiating relationships with them requires significant time and resources. The relationship we have with our partners, and that our partners have with our customers, provides our customers with enhanced value for our solutions and services. 16 Table of Contents Our agreements with our partners are generally non-exclusive; therefore, our partners may offer customer solutions from several companies, including solutions and services that compete with ours. If our partners do not effectively market and sell our solutions or services, or use greater efforts to market and sell their solutions or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, or if we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with our partners, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Moreover, our revenues and operating results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated if these partner organizations chose to offer directly to the customers solutions or services of the type that we provide. We rely on third-party technology that is used in our products and services to perform key functions. If we are unable to license third-party technology or the technology is subject to a security breach, without an alternative, it may negatively impact our business and results of operations. We currently incorporate technology that we license from third parties, including software, into our solutions. The third-party technology licenses we use may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our business could suffer if we lost the right to use these technologies. Additionally, if we are unable to license technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternative technology, which we may be unable to do in a commercially feasible manner or at all, and may require us to use alternative technology of lower quality or performance standards. As a result, our margins and results of operations could be significantly harmed. A third party could claim that the licensed software infringes a patent or other proprietary right. Litigation between the licensor and a third party or between a third party and us could lead to royalty obligations for which we are not indemnified or for which indemnification is insufficient, or we may not be able to obtain any additional license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The loss of, or our inability to obtain or maintain, any of these technology licenses could delay the introduction of new products or services until equivalent technology, if available, is identified, licensed and integrated. In addition, our business is dependent on the integrity, security and efficient operation of the third-party technology, and we do not necessarily control the operations or data security of the third-party providers we utilize. Our systems and operations or those of our third-party providers and partners could be exposed to damage, interruption, security breach and other risks from, among other things, computer viruses, other malicious software, and other cyberattacks. The vulnerability of the technology to security breaches, failure of these systems to perform as designed, or inability to find suitable alternatives could result in significant disruptions to our operations and subject us to losses, liability or costs to remediate any of these system failures. The inability to set optimal pricing structures for our solutions and services could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we change our pricing models in response to competition, global economic conditions, and general reductions in our customers' spending levels, pricing studies, or changes in how our solutions are broadly consumed. Similarly, as we introduce new products and services, or as a result of the evolution of our existing solutions and services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our products and services. Further, as new and existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our solutions and services to larger organizations, these larger organizations may demand substantial price concessions. We may also need to change pricing policies to accommodate government pricing guidelines for our contracts with federal, state, and local governments, and foreign governments. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective customers, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 17 Table of Contents Artificial Intelligence ("AI") is an emerging technology and we may not be successful in our AI initiatives. The field of AI is characterized by rapid technological advancements and is subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Our future success may be dependent, in part, on our ability to develop, integrate, and effectively utilize AI technologies in our solutions or offerings. Given that this is a new and complex technology, we may face challenges related to the designing, developing, and implementing AI processes and procedures. There are significant risks involved in using AI and no assurances can be provided that our use of AI will enhance our products or services, produce the intended results or keep pace with the use of AI by our competitors. For example, AI algorithms may be flawed, insufficient, of poor quality, rely upon incorrect or inaccurate data, reflect unwanted forms of bias, or contain other errors or inadequacies, any of which may not be easily detectable; AI has been known to produce false or “hallucinatory” inferences or outputs; our use of AI can present ethical issues and may subject us to new or heightened legal, regulatory, ethical, or other challenges; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by developers and end-users, or other factors adversely affecting public opinion of AI, could impair the acceptance of AI solutions, including those incorporated in our products and services. Further, this technology is subject to evolving industry standards and regulatory constraints. Failures to effectively address these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Recently, we launched Xacta.ai, the artificial intelligence capability at the core of our Xacta platform. The use of AI in our solutions may carry considerable risk, and we cannot guarantee the achievement of the intended outcome. The use of AI technologies involves issues associated with intellectual property, data privacy and security, consumer protection and equal opportunity laws. Given the nature of AI technology, we may face significant competition from other companies and evolving regulatory landscape. Our AI efforts may not be successful and our competitors may incorporate AI into their products or services more successfully than us. Further, AI-related changes to our products and services may affect our customers' expectation or requirements in ways we cannot adequately anticipate or adapt to; and may result to unsatisfied customers or inability to operate profitably and sustainably. We may be subject to legal proceedings, regulatory disputes and governmental inquiries that could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and, in the future, may be subject to lawsuits, claims, government investigations and other proceedings. These may include lawsuits and claims related to securities compliance, contracts, subcontracts, intellectual property, employment and wage claims, and other matters. Our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. Those contingencies include, but are not limited to, the cost of litigation and unpredictable court decisions. Adverse outcomes with respect to litigation, or a government inquiry, or any of these legal proceedings may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, penalties and fines, or harm our reputation, all of which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. Potential future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, divestitures, mergers or joint ventures may subject us to significant risks, any of which could harm our business. We have in the past acquired, and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in, complementary businesses, products or technologies to enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise capture growth opportunities. Our long-term strategy may include identifying and acquiring, partnering with, investing in or merging with suitable candidates on acceptable terms, or divesting of certain business lines or activities. Partnerships, mergers, joint ventures, acquisitions, and divestitures include a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including but not limited to: diversion of management attention from running our existing business; possible material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting; increased expenses, including legal, administrative and compensation expenses related to newly hired or terminated employees; increased costs to integrate the technology, personnel, customer base and business practices of the acquired company with us; potential exposure to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process; potential adverse effects on reported operating results due to possible write-down of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with acquisitions; and unavailability of acquisition financing or unavailability of such financing on reasonable terms. Any acquired business, technology, service or product could significantly underperform relative to our expectations and may not achieve the benefits we expect from possible acquisitions. For all these reasons, our pursuit of an acquisition, partnership, investment, divestiture, merger, or joint venture could cause its actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and/or negatively affect our business. 18 Table of Contents Public confidence in, and acceptance of, identity platforms and biometrics generally, and our solutions and services specifically, will be a key factor in our business’s continued growth. Our future profitability will depend, in part, on public confidence in and acceptance of identity platforms and biometrics generally. Continued acceptance of identity platforms and biometric information as a secure and reliable method to identify individuals, mitigate risk and minimize fraud is an important factor in our continued growth. While both identity platforms and biometrics have become more widely adopted, they may not achieve universal acceptance. The attractiveness of some of our solutions to our customers is impacted by a number of factors, including the willingness of individuals to provide their personal information, including biometric information, to private or governmental entities, the level of confidence that such information can be stored safely and securely, and trust that such information will not be misused or breached. Certain individuals may never accept the use of biometrics as being safe. If identity platforms and biometrics do not achieve universal acceptance, or our solutions are not competitive with our industry players, our growth could be limited, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any decline or disruption in the travel industry or general economic downturn could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. One of our growth strategies is to increase revenue from our TSA PreCheck enrollment offerings. Accordingly, our performance is dependent in part on the strength of the travel industry. Our revenue is therefore susceptible to declines in or disruptions to leisure and business travel that may be caused by factors entirely out of our control, including, but not limited to, prolonged extreme weather, natural or man-made disasters, travel-related health concerns (including pandemics and epidemics or other outbreak of contagious diseases), restrictions related to travel, stay-at-home orders, wars and military actions, terrorist attacks, sources of political uncertainty or political events, protests, foreign policy changes, regional hostilities, general economic conditions (such as a recession or inflation), changes in regulations, labor unrest or travel-related accidents. Because these events or concerns, and the full impact of their effects, are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior and other activities by consumers, and therefore demand for our TSA PreCheck services, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Actions that we are taking to restructure our business to improve profitability may not be as effective as anticipated. From time to time, the Company initiates restructuring activities to execute management's strategy and optimize its cost structure. We executed a restructuring plan in early 2023 and implemented additional restructuring actions in the third quarter of 2024 and fourth quarter of 2025 to better align our operations with strategic priorities, resulting in restructuring-related costs. We may be unable to realize the expected improved profitability and efficiency from our restructuring efforts. Goodwill and intangible assets represent significant assets on our balance sheet and any impairment on these assets could negatively impact our results of operations, and shareholders' equity. As of December 31, 2025, goodwill and intangible assets, net was 23.8% of our total assets. Goodwill and intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and at least annually in the case of goodwill. The impairment test is based on several factors, estimates and assumptions requiring judgment. Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry and market consideration, overall financial performance, market capitalization and relevant entity-specific events could result in an impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we conducted a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis on the Secure Networks reporting unit. The impairment analysis determined that the reporting unit's carrying value exceeded its estimated fair value as a result of continued contraction of Secure Networks' backlog in 2025. Accordingly, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment of $14.9 million as of December 31, 2025. Likewise, in the third quarter of 2024, we decided to discontinue the development and/or sale of all or part of certain solutions for selected capitalized software projects, and certain projects which we ceased to use before the end of their useful life. As a result, we recognized an impairment loss on intangible assets of $11.7 million as of December 31, 2024. 19 Table of Contents Industry, Legal and Regulatory Risks The business environment in which we operate is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. We operate in an intensely competitive market and diverse industry segment, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established businesses and new market entrants. Based on our current market analysis, no single company or small group of companies is in a dominant competitive position. Some large competitors offer capabilities in a number of markets that overlap many of the same areas in which we offer services, while certain companies are focused upon only one or a few of such markets. Some firms that compete with us in multiple areas include large, established defense contractors. In addition, we compete with smaller specialty companies, including risk and compliance management companies, organizational messaging companies, and security consulting organizations, and companies that provide secure network offerings. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these challenges or do not compete effectively, our competitive position could weaken and could result in a decline in revenue or reduced revenue growth, price reductions or reduced gross margins, and loss of market share, all of which could adversely affect our business. A decline in the federal budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities of the U.S. federal government, a prolonged U.S. federal government shutdown or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenues, cash flow and financial results. Our customers are substantially U.S. federal government. The customer relationship with the U.S. federal government involves certain unique risks. The programs we participate in must compete with other programs and policy imperatives during the budget and appropriations process. If government funding relating to our contracts with the U.S. federal government becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, or planned orders are reduced, our contracts or subcontracts may be terminated or adjusted by the U.S. federal government or the prime contractor. Our operating results could also be adversely affected by spending caps or changes in the budgetary priorities of the U.S. federal government, as well as delays in program starts or the award of contracts or task orders under contracts. In the past few years, U.S. federal government appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. federal government budgetary issues and related legislation. As a result, federal government funding levels have fluctuated and have been difficult to predict. Future spending levels are subject to a wide range of factors, including Congressional action. In addition, over the last few years, the U.S. federal government has been unable to complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year, resulting in a series of continuing resolutions to extend sufficient funds only for U.S. federal government agencies to continue operating. When the U.S. federal government fails to complete its appropriations process or provide for a continuing resolution, a full or partial government shutdown may occur. A federal government shutdown could disrupt our performance, delay or cancellation of key programs, delay or cancel contract payments, or require us to incur substantial costs without reimbursement under the existing contracts. Moreover, the national debt threatened to reach the statutory debt ceiling, and such an event in future years could result in the U.S. federal government defaulting on its debts. As a result, government spending levels are difficult to predict beyond the near term due to numerous factors, including the external threat environment, future government priorities and the state of government finances. Significant changes in government spending, changes in U.S. federal government priorities, policies and requirements, or another prolonged government shutdown could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. The Administration's actions, such as tariffs and other changes in international trade policies, could adversely and unexpectedly impact our business. In January 2025, the then-new Administration began increasing tariff rates on numerous products from a range of nations. The duration and extent of the tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, including the availability of certain exemption on some products, continue to evolve. Changes in international trade policies, including higher tariffs on imported goods and materials, may increase the procurement costs of certain IT hardware we use, both internally or on our contracts, or sell to our customers. These actions could adversely affect the Company and our supply chain, business partners, or customers, and have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are subject to the seasonality of U.S. federal government spending. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from U.S. federal government contracting, and as a result, we are subject to the annual seasonality of U.S. federal government purchasing. Because the U.S. federal government fiscal year ends on September 30, it is common for U.S. federal government agencies to award extra tasks in the weeks immediately prior to the end of its fiscal year in order to avoid the loss of unexpended fiscal year funds. As a result of this seasonality, we have historically experienced higher revenues in the second half of our fiscal year, with the pace of orders typically substantially reduced during the first half of our fiscal year. 20 Table of Contents We are required to comply with stringent, complex and evolving laws, rules, regulations and standards, as well as contractual obligations relating to privacy, data protection and security, technology protection, and other matters. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these requirements could have a material effect on our business. We are subject to a variety of local, state, national, and international laws and directives and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy and data protection, data security, data storage, retention, transfer and deletion, technology protection, and personal information. Foreign data protection, data security, privacy, and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. These U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, which, depending on the regime, may be enforced by private parties or government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change, and they are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. In addition, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. A number of proposals are pending before U.S. federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies that could significantly affect our business. The overarching complexity of privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world pose a compliance challenge that could manifest in costs, damages, or liability in other forms as a result of failure to implement proper programmatic controls, failure to adhere to those controls, or the malicious or inadvertent breach of applicable privacy and data protection requirements by us, our employees, our business partners, or our customers. In addition to government regulation, self-regulatory standards and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, be argued to apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards or to facilitate our customers' compliance with such standards. Because privacy, data protection, and information security are critical competitive factors in our industry, we may make statements on our website, in marketing materials, or in other settings about our data security measures and our compliance with, or our ability to facilitate our customers' compliance with, these standards. We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning privacy, data protection, and information security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards, or amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, or other obligations may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, and contractual and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. As these legal regimes relating to privacy, data protection, and information security continue to evolve, they may result in ever-increasing public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Furthermore, because the interpretation and application of laws, standards, contractual obligations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security are uncertain, these laws, standards, and contractual and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is, or is alleged to be, inconsistent with our data management practices, our policies or procedures, or the features of our solutions. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our solutions, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to fulfill existing obligations, make enhancements, or develop new solutions and features could be limited. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our solutions. These existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can make our solutions and services less effective or valuable, delay or impede the development of new products, result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, require us to modify our data handling practices, limit our operations, impose substantial fines and penalties, require significant management time and attention, or put our data or technology at risk. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our solutions to comply with U.S. or applicable foreign laws, regulations, directives, policies, industry standards, or legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, or any security incident that results in loss of or the unauthorized access to, or acquisition, use, release, or transfer of, personal information, personal data, or other customer or sensitive data or information may result in governmental investigations, inquiries, enforcement actions and prosecutions, private claims and litigation, indemnification or other contractual obligations, other remedies, including fines or demands that we modify or cease existing business practices, or adverse publicity, and related costs and liabilities, which could significantly and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to substantial oversight from federal agencies that have the authority to suspend our ability to bid on contracts . As a U.S. federal government contractor, we are subject to oversight by many agencies and entities of the U.S. federal government that may investigate and make inquiries about our business practices and conduct audits of contract performance and cost accounting. Depending on the results of any such audits and investigations, the U.S. federal government may make claims against us. Under U.S. federal government procurement regulations and practices, an indictment of a U.S. federal government contractor could result in that contractor being fined and/or suspended for a period of time from eligibility for bidding on, or for the award of, new U.S. federal government contracts. A conviction could result in debarment for a specified period of time, and debarment could materially and negatively affect our business and operating results. 21 Table of Contents We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. Some of our solutions are subject to export and import controls, including, without limitation, the Department of State's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, the Commerce Department's Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control. If we fail to comply with these U.S. export control laws and import laws, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including any required license, may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. Furthermore, the U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions laws prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. Even though we take precautions to prevent our solutions from being provisioned or provided to U.S. sanctions targets in violation of applicable regulations, our solutions could be provisioned to those targets despite such precautions. Any such sales could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. Changes in our solutions or changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction, sale and deployment of our solutions in international markets or prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Financial Reporting and Common Stock We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance and other expectations about our business and operating results, which may cause our stock price to decline. From time to time, we release or confirm guidance in our quarterly earnings conference calls, quarterly earnings releases, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management's estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, which includes forward-looking statements, is based on projections prepared by our management. Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. Our aim is to state possible outcomes as high and low ranges to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to imply that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. The principal reason that we release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such third parties. Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances beyond our control could result in the actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance when making an investment decision regarding our common stock. Furthermore, if we make downward revisions to our previously announced guidance, or if our publicly announced guidance of future operating results fails to meet the expectations of securities analysts, investors or other interested parties, the price of our common stock may decline. Our quarterly operating results fluctuate and may fall short of prior periods, our projections or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could adversely affect the trading price of our stock. Our operating and financial results have historically varied from quarter to quarter, and we expect that they may continue to do so in the future as a result of a number of factors, many of which are difficult to predict and outside of our control. Therefore, the results of any one quarter may not be a reliable indication of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failing to achieve our projected results or to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors for any period. As a result, our stock price may decline, and the decrease in the stock price may be disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance. 22 Table of Contents Certain of our U.S. federal government contracts involve work of a confidential nature, which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. We have historically had, and from time to time continue to have, contracts with or for the U.S. federal government that are subject to confidentiality and/or security restrictions (for example, and without limitation, contracts involving classified information and classified programs). We do not provide information about these contracts and programs, their risks or any disputes or claims relating to such contracts or programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our confidential business or our business overall. However, historically the business risks associated with our work on confidential or classified programs have not differed materially from those of our other government contracts. We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully implemented or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. In May 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program ("SRP") for the repurchase of up to $50.0 million of our outstanding shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $25.1 million remained available under the stock repurchase program. The repurchase program has no termination date and may be suspended for periods, amended or discontinued at any time. We are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares. Share repurchases under the program will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. There can be no guarantee about the timing of our share repurchases, or that the volume of such repurchases will increase. The stock repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock, increase volatility, diminish our cash reserves, and even if fully implemented may not enhance long-term stockholder value. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, and other securities rules and regulations that impose various requirements on public companies. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires our management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to, and issue an opinion on, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We may identify weaknesses or deficiencies that we may be unable to remedy before the requisite deadlines on those reports. Our ability to comply with the annual internal control reporting requirements will depend on the effectiveness of our financial reporting and data system and controls across the Company. We expect these systems and controls to involve greater expenditures and to become increasingly complex as our business grows. To effectively manage this complexity, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if, when required, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors seeking to do business with the U.S. federal government; however, our largest portion of revenue lies with the U.S. federal government itself. 7 Table of Contents Our sales strategy is to establish a customer foothold with one of our solutions and work to achieve rapid success. We then leverage this customer relationship to generate interest in other solutions from the Telos portfolio. We have a variety of upsell opportunities that allow us to expand our presence within a customer account. Much of our business is awarded through the submission of formal competitive bids; however, a portion of our revenue is awarded through limited competition or sole-source contracts. Partner Organizations Our sales team works with partner organizations like Amazon Web Services ("AWS") to pursue mutual customers and leverage their marketplace platforms and marketing programs. Marketing We build market awareness of Telos and our solutions through a variety of marketing programs, including briefings with industry analysts, public relations activities, trade show exhibitions, speaking engagements, and digital marketing. We will continue investing in these activities and targeting additional vertical-specific content creation, targeted advertising campaigns, and search engine marketing. Our sales team works hand-in-hand with our marketing team to develop targeted awareness campaigns for our various solutions that generate valuable leads and contacts. Research and Development We developed proprietary software-based solutions in various platforms related to security and cyber risk management. We invest substantial resources in research and development to innovate new solutions, enhance our offerings and grow opportunities by developing new features and modules for our existing platforms. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (under the caption "Research and Development") included in our notes to consolidated financial statements. We are leveraging our improved agile innovation and rapid automated development practices to rapidly establish prototypes that we can fully test for suitability and to pre-establish enterprise risk level across a variety of government networks and cloud environments. We are committed to and view our continued investment in research and development as a key factor to our long-term business success. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we had 525 employees, of which 509 were full-time employees. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 90.1% of our workforce was located in the United States. Approximately 309 of our U.S.-based employees held U.S. security clearances, and 23.0% self-identified as veterans of U.S. military service as of that date. Our employees are not represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider relations with our employees to be good. Telos places a strong emphasis on supporting our people. Our management team is committed to maintaining a corporate culture that fosters mutual respect and job satisfaction for our people while delivering innovation and value to customers and shareholders. This commitment is reflected in our core values: Always with integrity, at Telos we: Build trusted relationships, Work hard together, Design and deliver superior solutions, and Have fun doing it. These values are woven throughout the fabric of Telos; they are reflected in our hiring practices, reinforced regularly, and reviewed during appraisals. Employees are encouraged to challenge themselves and each other to exhibit the core values in all activities. Our employees are provided with multiple reporting channels should they observe activities inconsistent with our core values. While employees are encouraged first to speak openly about any issues, a 24/7 hotline provides an opportunity to express concerns anonymously. We consider the foundational value of integrity to be a non-negotiable requirement of employment, and an expectation of suppliers, partners, and our customers. We guard our reputation and will take necessary action to protect it. An essential part of our brand promise is always to engage employees, customers, partners, suppliers, and investors with integrity. As part of our effort to improve our disclosures around human capital issues, we provided a public report pursuant to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") Software & IT Service Standard, which addresses, in part, metrics relating to recruiting and managing a global, diverse and skilled workforce. 8 Table of Contents Talent Acquisition and Retention We operate in a very competitive environment for talent. To ensure we can attract the most well-qualified employees, we employ strategic sourcing methods, innovative recruitment campaigns, and outreach initiatives to attract a diverse pool of candidates. This involves leveraging various channels, such as job boards, job fairs, social media platforms, and diversity-focused partnerships, to engage with candidates from different backgrounds and experiences. We continuously enhance our employee value proposition by offering a range of benefits and supplemental programs that support our employees' physical, mental, and financial well-being. In addition, we are strengthening our performance management program to ensure employees receive meaningful feedback, opportunities for growth, and recognition for their contributions, fostering both individual and organizational success. In addition, at Telos, we help our employees succeed by providing flexibility in where and how they work. The employees' ability to work remotely or in a hybrid arrangement is a strategy that helps us attract, hire and retain the best people, regardless of their specific location. This strategy increases employee empowerment and satisfaction, drives efficiency, and enables us to hire from a broad and diverse talent pool. We are committed to providing a work environment free of discrimination and harassment, where our employees can do their best work, bring their whole selves to work, feel supported, and in turn, support others. We strive to create a working environment where everyone feels included and respected and has an equal opportunity to contribute. We promote collaboration and encourage employees to maximize their potential by bringing varied views, experiences, and perspectives to their work. Our objective is to continue to improve our hiring, development, training, advancement, and retention of talent and to foster a synergistic environment at Telos. Seasonality We generally experience seasonality due to our key customers' fiscal year ends and procurement cycles. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. federal government, whose fiscal year ends on September 30 of each year, which may impact our third fiscal quarter. In addition, our quarterly results may be impacted by the number of working days in a given quarter. See "

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Components 60 9 . Revolving Credit Facility 61 1 0 . Stockholders' Equity 61 1 1 . Stock-Based Compensation 62 1 2 . Leases 64 1 3 . Employee Benefit Plan 65 1 4 . Income Taxes 66 1 5 . Loss Per Share 68 1 6 . Segment Information 69 1 7 . Supplemental Cash Flow Information 70 1 8 . Commitments , Contingencie s and Subseq uent Events 70 2 Table of Contents Page Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 71 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 71 Item 9B. Other Information 72 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 72 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 73 Item 11. Executive Compensation 73 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 73 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 73 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 73 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 74 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 75 Signatures 76 3 Table of Contents Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This annual report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, in the future the Company, and others on its behalf, may make statements that constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Company's plans, objectives or goals; future economic performance or prospects; the potential effect on the Company's future performance of certain contingencies; and assumptions underlying any such statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Words such as "believes," "anticipates," "expects," "intends" and "plans" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. The forward-looking statements are and will be based upon management's then current views and assumptions regarding future events and operating performance and are only applicable as of the dates of such statements. The Company does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by applicable laws. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. The Company cautions you that these important factors could cause results to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements, including the risks described under the caption "

