TICKER: TMRC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain issues; ● risks
                                         associated with cybersecurity threats, breaches, and disruptions associated therewith; ● risks
                                         related to our ability to manage growth; ● risks
                                         related to the potential difficulty of attracting and retaining qualified personnel; ● risks
                                         related to our dependence on key personnel; ● risks
                                         related to conducting our business in order to be excluded from the definition of an
                                         “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940; 4 ● risks
                                         related to global hostilities, both in Ukraine and the Middle East; ● risks
                                         related to cybersecurity threats; ● risks
                                         related to our United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
                                         filing history; and ● risks
                                         related to our securities and the limited, sporadic market for our common stock, $0.01
                                         par value (“Common Stock”). This
list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect the Company’s forward-looking statements. Some of the important risks
and uncertainties that could affect forward-looking statements are described further under the section headings “

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Raw Materials The
Round Top Project is currently in the exploration stage and as such Round Top does not require any significant raw materials in
order to carry out its primary operating activities. The goal of RTMD is to continue to fund the exploration and development of
the Round Top Project to determine whether it is commercially feasible, of which there can be no assurance. The raw materials
that the current operations of Round Top rely upon are gasoline and diesel fuel for the exploration vehicles and for the heavy
equipment required to build roads and conduct drilling operations. Water is expected to be provided per service contract by Eagle
Mountain Gang or through other sources. Seasonality Seasonality
in the State of Texas is not a material factor to our operations for our project. Competition The
mining industry is highly competitive. Round Top competes with numerous companies, substantially all of which have greater financial
resources available to them. Round Top is, therefore, operating at a significant disadvantage in the course of acquiring mining
properties and obtaining materials, supplies, labor, and equipment. Additionally, Round Top is and we are and will continue to
be an insignificant participant in the business of exploration and mineral property development. A large number of established
and well-financed companies are active in the mining industry and will have an advantage over RTMD and the Company if they are
competing for the same properties. Nearly all such entities have greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial
capabilities than ourselves and, consequently, RTMD and the Company will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible
mining properties and procuring the same. 15 China
accounts for the vast majority of rare earth element production. While rare earth element projects exist outside of China, very
few are in actual production. Further, given the timeline for current exploration projects to come into production, if at all,
it is likely that the Chinese will be able to dominate the market for rare earth elements into the future. This gives the Chinese
a competitive advantage in controlling the supply of rare earth elements and engaging in competitive price reductions to discourage
competition. Any increase in the amount of rare earth elements exported from other nations, and increased competition, may result
in price reductions, reduced margins and loss of potential market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our operations.
As a result of these factors, RTMD and the Company may not be able to compete effectively against current and future competitors. Government
Approvals The
exploration, drilling and mining industries operate in a legal environment that requires permits to conduct virtually all operations.
Thus permits are required by local, state and federal government agencies. Local authorities, usually counties, also have control
over mining activity. The various permits address such issues as prospecting, development, production, labor standards, taxes,
occupational health and safety, toxic substances, air quality, water use, water discharge, water quality, noise, dust, wildlife
impacts, as well as other environmental and socioeconomic issues. Prior
to receiving the necessary permits to explore or mine, the operator must comply with all regulatory requirements imposed by all
governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the project area. Very often, in order to obtain the requisite permits, the
operator must have its land reclamation, restoration or replacement plans pre-approved. Specifically, the operator must present
its plan as to how it intends to restore or replace the affected area. Often all or any of these requirements can cause delays
or involve costly studies or alterations of the proposed activity or time frame of operations, in order to mitigate impacts. All
of these factors make it more difficult and costly to operate and have a negative and sometimes fatal impact on the viability
of the exploration or mining operation. It is possible that future changes in these laws or regulations could have a significant
impact on our business as well as RTMD’s business, causing those activities to be economically reevaluated at that time. Effect
of Existing or Probable Government and Environmental Regulations Mineral
exploration, including mining operations are subject to governmental regulation. The Round Top operations may be affected in varying
degrees by government regulation such as restrictions on production, price controls, tax increases, expropriation of property,
environmental and pollution controls or changes in conditions under which minerals may be marketed. An excess supply of certain
minerals may exist from time to time due to lack of markets, restrictions on exports, and numerous factors beyond our control.
These factors include market fluctuations and government regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, allowable production
and importing and exporting minerals. The effect of these factors cannot be accurately determined. This section is intended as
a brief overview of the laws and regulations described herein and is not intended to be a comprehensive treatment of the subject
matter. Overview. Like all other mining companies doing business in the United States, Round Top is subject to a variety of federal, state and
local statutes, rules and regulations designed to protect the quality of the air and water, and threatened or endangered species,
in the vicinity of its operations. These include “permitting” or pre-operating approval requirements designed to ensure
the environmental integrity of a proposed mining facility, operating requirements designed to mitigate the effects of discharges
into the environment during exploration, mining operations, and reclamation or post-operation requirements designed to remediate
the lands affected by a mining facility once commercial mining operations have ceased. Federal
legislation in the United States and implementing regulations adopted and administered by the Environmental Protection Agency,
the Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Army Corps of Engineers and other agencies—in
particular, legislation such as the federal Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Endangered
Species Act, the National Forest Management Act, the Wilderness Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act—have a direct bearing on domestic mining operations. These federal initiatives are often administered
and enforced through state agencies operating under parallel state statutes and regulations. The
Clean Water Act. The federal Clean Water Act is the principal federal environmental protection law regulating mining operations
in the United States as it pertains to water quality. At
the state level, water quality is regulated by the Environment Department, Water and Waste Management Division under the Water
Quality Act (state). If our exploration or any future development activities might affect a ground water aquifer, it will have
to apply for a Ground Water Discharge Permit from the Ground Water Quality Bureau in compliance with the Groundwater Regulations.
If exploration affects surface water, then compliance with the Surface Water Regulations is required. The
Clean Air Act . The federal Clean Air Act establishes ambient air quality standards, limits the discharges of new sources and
hazardous air pollutants and establishes a federal air quality permitting program for such discharges. Hazardous materials are
defined in the federal Clean Air Act and enabling regulations adopted under the federal Clean Air Act to include various metals.
The federal Clean Air Act also imposes limitations on the level of particulate matter generated from mining operations. 16 National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) . NEPA requires all governmental agencies to consider the impact on the human environment of
major federal actions as therein defined. Endangered
Species Act (ESA) . The ESA requires federal agencies to ensure that any action authorized, funded or carried out by such agency
is not likely to jeopardize the continued existence of any endangered or threatened species or result in the destruction or adverse
modification of their critical habitat. In order to facilitate the conservation of imperiled species, the ESA establishes an interagency
consultation process. When a federal agency proposes an action that “may affect” a listed species, it must consult
with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (“USFWS”) and must prepare a “biological assessment”
of the effects of a major construction activity if the USFWS advises that a threatened species may be present in the area of the
activity. National
Forest Management Act . The National Forest Management Act, as implemented through title 36 of the Code of Federal Regulations,
provides a planning framework for lands and resource management of the National Forests. The planning framework seeks to manage
the National Forest System resources in a combination that best serves the public interest without impairment of the productivity
of the land, consistent with the Multiple Use Sustained Yield Act of 1960. Wilderness
Act . The Wilderness Act of 1964 created a National Wilderness Preservation System composed of federally owned areas designated
by Congress as “wilderness areas” to be preserved for future use and enjoyment. The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) . CERCLA imposes clean-up and reclamation responsibilities
with respect to discharges into the environment, and establishes significant criminal and civil penalties against those persons
who are primarily responsible for such discharges. The
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) . RCRA was designed and implemented to regulate the disposal of solid and hazardous
wastes. It restricts solid waste disposal practices and the management, reuse or recovery of solid wastes and imposes substantial
additional requirements on the subcategory of solid wastes that are determined to be hazardous. Like the Clean Water Act, RCRA
provides for citizens’ suits to enforce the provisions of the law. National
Historic Preservation Act . The National Historic Preservation Act was designed and implemented to protect historic and cultural
properties. Compliance with the Act is necessary where federal properties or federal actions are undertaken, such as mineral exploration
on federal land, which may impact historic or traditional cultural properties, including native or Indian cultural sites. In
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025, RTMD incurred minimal costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations in relation
to its operating activities. Employees Including
our executive officers, we currently have two full-time employees. We also utilize the services of qualified consultants with
geological and mineralogical expertise as well as an individual for accounting services. Investment
Company Act Exclusion Section
3(c)(9) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“1940 Act”), provides that a company “substantially
all of whose business consists of owning or holding oil, gas, or other mineral royalties or leases, or fractional interests therein,
or certificates of interest or participation in or investment contracts relative to such royalties, leases, or fractional interests”
is not an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. The Company has determined that this exemption applies to it
giving consideration to the following four factors: ● whether
                                         the exempted activity constitutes “substantially all” of our business; ○ The
                                         Company has owned mineral leases since 2010, substantially all of our business to date
                                         has been comprised of owning and developing the mineral leases and, after the May 2021
                                         “farm-down” of its 100% interest in the mineral leases, substantially all
                                         of our business continues to be comprised of owning and holding a certificate of interest
                                         and a participation in the mineral leases owned by Round Top. The Company’s mineral
                                         assets historically, as well as the value of the certificate of interest at August 31,
                                         2025, have been booked at cost in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
                                         in the United States of America (“GAAP”). We have an accumulated deficit
                                         of approximately $45.1 million at August 31, 2025 as a result of owning and developing
                                         the Round Top Project. ● whether
                                         we own or trade in the mineral leases; ○ The
                                         Company has owned the mineral leases, which are now owned by Round Top, since 2010 and
                                         neither the Company nor Round Top is in the business of dealing or trading in the mineral
                                         leases. 17 ● what
                                         qualifies as an eligible asset for purposes of the exception; and ○ The
                                         statute specifically references mineral leases and our mineral leases were owned by the
                                         Company and are now owned by Round Top. In accordance with Regulation S-K Item 1300 that
                                         governs disclosure by registrants engaged in mining operations, the definition of mineral
                                         resource is “a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in
                                         or on the Earth’s crust.” Our rare earth elements and minerals underlying
                                         the mineral leases meet that definition, as well as does coal, silver, gold and other
                                         material mined for economic value by registrants involved in mining operations. The SEC
                                         staff has recognized that an excepted entity can also engage in related business activities
                                         such as exploring, developing, and operating the eligible assets. ● what
                                         qualifies as a “certificate of interest or participation in” or an “investment
                                         contract relative to” the eligible assets. ○ The
                                         statute allows a Company to own a “certificate of interest” or “participation
                                         in” the mineral leases. The SEC staff has advised that limited partnership interests
                                         and/or similar securities issued by entities that themselves own the leases constitute
                                         “certificate of interest or participation in or investment contracts” related
                                         to such leases. The Company’s 18.715% membership interest in Round Top constitutes
                                         a “certificate of interest” and a “participation in” the mineral
                                         leases that are owned by Round Top. The
Company intends to continue to conduct its business operations in order to continue to be excluded from the definition of an “investment
company” under the 1940 Act. Available
Information We
make available, free of charge, on or through our Internet website, at https://tmrcorp.com/ our annual reports on Form 10-K, our
quarterly reports on Form 10 -Q and our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto
are not intended to be, and are not incorporated into this Annual Report. ITEM
1A.

