TICKER: TPC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions that could arise as a result of tariffs. While the Company believes this strategy appropriately mitigates the current risk of potential tariff impacts, there could be other unforeseen future developments. The Company will continue to monitor and assess its exposure to the economic environment. The outlook for the Company’s revenue growth over the next several years remains highly favorable due to strong new award bookings of large, long-duration projects over the past two years, as well as other new awards that are expected to be booked in the future. For example, the Company has certain building projects in California, mostly in the healthcare, education, and hospitality and gaming sectors, that are in the preconstruction phase. These projects are expected to transition from preconstruction to construction over the next few years, and they include a large, multi-billion-dollar healthcare project in California that is anticipated to be incrementally added to backlog over the next two to three years. Many of the Company’s newer projects are design-build projects that have an initial six to eighteen month design phase during which smaller revenue and earnings are generated prior to the start of a multi-year construction phase that generates substantially larger revenue and earnings. We anticipate that we will continue to win our share of significant new project awards resulting from long-term, well-funded capital spending plans by various state, local and federal customers, as well as limited competition for many of the larger project opportunities. 22 Table of Contents Nationally, support for transportation-related ballot measures has remained high over the last decade. Since 2014, voters in 43 states approved 84 percent of nearly 3,000 state and local measures on general election ballots. The largest of these was in Los Angeles County, where in 2016 Measure M, a half-cent sales tax increase, was approved and is expected to generate $120 billion of funding over 40 years. Funding from this measure is supporting, and is expected to continue to support, several of the Company’s current and prospective projects. More recently, in the November 2024 elections, voters approved 77 percent of 370 transportation funding measures on state and local ballots throughout the country. These measures are expected to generate an estimated $41.4 billion in new and renewed funding for roads, bridges, rail and other infrastructure. Additionally, the Federal Reserve lowered interest rates in the fall of 2024 and further reduced rates in the second half of 2025, and some economists expect continued interest rate reductions in 2026, though the actual timing and extent of such rate reductions remains uncertain. Lower interest rates could result in additional demand for continued general construction spending. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law was enacted into law in November 2021 and provided for $1.2 trillion of federal infrastructure funding, including $550 billion in new spending for improvements to the country’s surface-transportation network and enhancements to core infrastructure. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law initiated the largest federal investment in public transit ever, the single largest dedicated bridge investment since the construction of the interstate highway system and the largest federal investment in passenger rail since the creation of Amtrak, all in addition to providing for regular annual spending for numerous infrastructure projects. This significant incremental funding is anticipated to be spent over the 10 years from its enactment through 2031, and much of it is allocated for investment in end markets that are directly aligned with our market focus. Accordingly, we believe that this significant funding has benefited, and will continue to favorably impact, our current work and prospective opportunities over the next decade. While the current funding window for the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law closes on September 30, 2026, we believe that Congress recognizes the long-term nature of infrastructure work and is already engaged in the legislative process to secure future funding beyond that date, although the amount and composition of such future funding is yet to be determined. In addition, various existing projects and future project opportunities in Guam and the Indo-Pacific region are being funded by the U.S. government’s Pacific Deterrence Initiative, which provides substantial multi-year funding to support significant improvements that enhance the U.S. military’s infrastructure and readiness. Finally, there are various large infrastructure projects across the U.S. for which future funding may be provided, in part or entirely, through public-private partnership (P3) arrangements, which would include mostly private capital investments. For a more detailed discussion of operating performance of each business segment, corporate general and administrative expenses and other items, see Results of Segment Operations , Corporate, Tax and Other Matters and Liquidity and Capital Resources below. Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement our audited Consolidated Financial Statements presented under GAAP, we are presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are intended to provide additional insights that facilitate the comparison of our past and present performance, and they are among the indicators management uses to assess the Company’s financial performance and to forecast future performance. By presenting these non-GAAP financial measures, we aim to provide investors and stakeholders with a clearer understanding of our operating results and enhance transparency with respect to the key financial metrics used by our management in its financial and operational decision-making. These non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (as well as the tax benefit associated with the expense), consist of adjusted net income (loss) attributable to the Company and adjusted earnings (loss) per share. We exclude share-based compensation expense because this expense could result in significant volatility in our reported earnings, driven primarily by fluctuations in the expense recognized for certain long-term incentive compensation awards with payouts that are indexed to the Company’s common stock. By adjusting for share-based compensation, our non-GAAP measures present a supplemental depiction of our operational performance and financial health. This approach allows stakeholders to focus on our core operational efficiency and profitability without the variable impact to earnings caused by significant changes in our stock price. Our non-GAAP measures are intended to offer a consistent basis for evaluating the Company’s performance, which management believes is meaningful to stakeholders. The non-GAAP financial measures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as calculated by the Company are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Additionally, these non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered as indicators of performance in isolation from or as a substitute for the most directly comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP and should be read only in conjunction with financial information presented on a GAAP basis. 23 Table of Contents Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are found in the table below: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per common share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to Tutor Perini Corporation, as reported $ 80.4 $ (163.7) $ (171.2) Plus: Share-based compensation expense (a) 150.0 40.4 12.3 Less: Tax benefit provided on share-based compensation expense (1.3) (0.7) (0.8) Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to Tutor Perini Corporation $ 229.1 $ (124.0) $ (159.7) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share, as reported $ 1.51 $ (3.13) $ (3.30) Plus: Share-based compensation expense impact per diluted share 2.81 0.77 0.24 Less: Tax benefit provided on share-based compensation expense per diluted share (0.03) (0.01) (0.02) Adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per common share $ 4.29 $ (2.37) $ (3.08) _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ (a) The amount represents share-based compensation expense recorded during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 . This includes expense associated with certain long-term incentive compensation awards that have payouts indexed to the Company’s common stock. As such, significant fluctuations in the price of the Company’s common stock during any reporting period have caused and could continue to cause significant fluctuations in the reported expense. The increase in the expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the prior-year periods was driven by the substantial increase in the price of the Company’s stock during the 2025 period. Results of Segment Operations The results of our Civil, Building and Specialty Contractors segments are discussed below: Civil Segment Revenue and income from construction operations for the Civil segment are summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Revenue $ 2,846.8 $ 2,118.9 Income from construction operations 390.9 138.3 Revenue for 2025 increased 34% compared to 2024, and set a new record for the segment. The substantial growth was primarily due to increased project execution activities on certain newer, larger and higher-margin projects, all of which have substantial scope of work remaining. Income from construction operations for 2025 increased $252.6 million compared to 2024, and also set a new record for the segment. The significant improvement was primarily due to contributions related to the increased project execution activities discussed above and the absence of certain prior-year net unfavorable adjustments. These prior-year net unfavorable adjustments included $101.6 million pertaining to an unexpected adverse arbitration decision on a legacy dispute related to a completed bridge project in California, which the Company is appealing; a temporary non-cash impact of $31.8 million for a project on the West Coast, which primarily resulted from significant changes that have been negotiated and carry lower margin (and lower risk) that reduced the project’s percentage of completion and overall margin percentage; $17.4 million due to an unfavorable legal ruling on a completed highway project in Virginia; and $15.1 million due to changes in estimates on an otherwise profitable mass-transit project in California that is nearly complete, partially offset by a prior-year favorable adjustment of $18.4 million due to a settlement of a claim associated with a completed highway tunneling project in the western United States. The 2025 period was also impacted by certain largely offsetting adjustments, including favorable adjustments of $57.6 million that resulted from the settlement of certain change orders and changes in estimates due to improved performance and a favorable project closeout on a domestic mass-transit project, mostly offset by an unfavorable adjustment of $54.7 million due to the settlement of a legacy dispute related to a tunneling project in Canada. Operating margin was 13.7% for 2025 compared to 6.5% in 2024. The increase in operating margin for 2025 was primarily due to the above-mentioned factors that drove the increases in revenue and income from construction operations. 24 Table of Contents New awards and contract adjustments in the Civil segment totaled $4.2 billion in 2025 compared to $6.7 billion in 2024. Significant new awards and contract adjustments in 2025 included the $1.87 billion Midtown Bus Terminal Replacement - Phase 1 project in New York; the $1.18 billion Manhattan Tunnel project in New York; $241 million of additional funding for the Apra Harbor Waterfront Repairs project in Guam; and a $182 million military defense project in Guam. New awards and contract adjustments in 2024 included the $1.66 billion City Center Guideway and Stations project in Hawaii; the $1.13 billion Newark AirTrain Replacement project in New Jersey; the $1.1 billion Kensico-Eastview Connection Tunnel project in New York; the Civil segment’s share of both the $3.76 billion Manhattan Jail project and the $2.95 billion Brooklyn Jail project, both in New York; $479 million of additional funding for certain mass-transit projects in California; $331 million for the Apra Harbor Waterfront Repairs project in Guam; and the Company’s proportionate share of the $1.3 billion Connecticut River Bridge Replacement project in Connecticut. Backlog for the Civil segment was $10.2 billion as of December 31, 2025, up 15% compared to $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2024. The segment continues to experience strong demand reflected in a large, multi-year pipeline of prospective projects, and supported by substantial anticipated funding from various voter-approved state and local transportation measures, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, and by public agencies’ long-term spending plans. We believe that the Civil segment is well-positioned to continue capturing its share of these prospective projects, with the majority of near-term opportunities on the West Coast, in the Midwest, the Northeast, and the Indo-Pacific region. Building Segment Revenue and income (loss) from construction operations for the Building segment are summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Revenue $ 1,852.2 $ 1,617.6 Income (loss) from construction operations 58.2 (24.1) Revenue for 2025 increased 15% compared to 2024, primarily due to increased project execution activities on two large detention facility projects in New York and a large healthcare facility project in California, all of which have substantial scope of work remaining. Income from construction operations for 2025 was $58.2 million compared to a loss of $24.1 million for 2024. The significant improvement was principally due to contributions related to the increased project execution activities discussed above and the absence of certain prior-year unfavorable adjustments, including $25.9 million on a completed government building project in Florida primarily due to increased costs associated with external subcontractors and resolution of certain delay change orders and $20.0 million associated with the settlement of a legacy dispute related to a completed government facility project in Florida. Operating margin was 3.1% in 2025 compared to (1.5)% in 2024. The increase in operating margin was driven by the above-mentioned factors that drove the increases in revenue and income (loss) from construction operations. New awards and contract adjustments in the Building segment totaled $2.2 billion in 2025 compared to $4.5 billion in 2024. Significant new awards and contract adjustments in 2025 included a healthcare facility project in California valued at approximately $1 billion; a $538 million healthcare project in California; and a $155 million education facility project in California. Certain Building segment end markets, such as healthcare, education, industrial/manufacturing, and hospitality and gaming, continue to demonstrate strong demand for new and renovated facilities. New awards and contract adjustments in 2024 included the Building segment’s portion of the $3.76 billion Manhattan Jail project in New York (which includes a substantial amount of electrical and mechanical scope of work that will be performed by the Specialty Contractors segment); a $1.4 billion healthcare campus project in California; $449 million for two healthcare facility projects in California; and a $229 million airport terminal connectors project at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. 25 Table of Contents Backlog for the Building segment was $7.3 billion as of December 31, 2025, up 4% compared to $7.0 billion as of December 31, 2024. The Building segment continues to experience strong customer demand as reflected by a large volume of prospective projects across various end markets and geographic locations. In addition, there are certain healthcare, education, and hospitality and gaming projects underway in California that are in the preconstruction phase, with only a small portion of their full anticipated value included in our reported backlog. These projects are expected to transition from preconstruction to construction over the next few years, and they include a large, multi-billion-dollar healthcare project in California that is anticipated to be incrementally added to backlog over the next two to three years. Specialty Contractors Segment Revenue and loss from construction operations for the Specialty Contractors segment are summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Revenue $ 844.0 $ 590.4 Loss from construction operations (7.5) (103.3) Revenue for 2025 increased 43% compared to 2024, primarily due to increased project execution activities on the electrical and mechanical components of various newer projects across diverse end markets, all with substantial scope of work remaining and driven by overall strong market demand. Loss from construction operations for 2025 was $7.5 million compared to $103.3 million for 2024. The significant improvement was primarily due to contributions related to the increased project execution activities discussed above. Many of these projects are in the early stages and are expected to ramp up substantially over the next several years. The improvement was also driven by a reduction in net unfavorable adjustments in 2025, primarily due to the absence of certain prior-year unfavorable adjustments on several completed projects due to the impact of judgments and settlements that totaled $57.2 million in 2024, including $17.7 million due to an unfavorable judgment on a completed mass-transit project in California and certain other adjustments that were individually immaterial. Operating margin was (0.9)% in 2025 compared to (17.5)% in 2024. The change in operating margin was mainly attributable to the aforementioned factors that drove the changes revenue and loss from construction operations in 2025. New awards and contract adjustments in the Specialty Contractors segment totaled $1.1 billion in 2025 compared to $1.7 billion in 2024. The most significant new awards and contract adjustments in 2025 included five mechanical projects in Florida collectively valued at $155 million, $136 million for the electrical component of a mass-transit project in the Northeast, $131 million of additional funding for an electrical project in Texas and another electrical project in Texas valued at more than $100 million. New awards and contract adjustments in 2024 included the Specialty Contractors segment’s electrical and mechanical scope of work booked as part of the Manhattan Jail project discussed above, two electrical projects in New York collectively valued at $195 million and a $64 million electrical project in Connecticut. Backlog for the Specialty Contractors segment was $3.1 billion as of December 31, 2025, up 9% compared to $2.8 billion as of December 31, 2024. The Specialty Contractors segment continues to be primarily focused on servicing the Company’s current and prospective large Civil and Building segment projects, particularly in the Northeast and California. We believe that the segment remains well-positioned to continue capturing its share of other new projects, leveraging the strong reputation held by the business units in this segment for high-quality work on large, complex projects. Corporate, Tax and Other Matters Corporate General and Administrative Expenses Corporate general and administrative expenses were $210.8 million in 2025 compared to $110.2 million in 2024. The increase in corporate general and administrative expenses in 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to a substantial increase in share-based compensation expense that resulted from a higher stock price, which impacted the fair value of liability-classified awards. The Company currently projects a decrease in share-based compensation expense in 2026 and a much more significant decrease in 2027 as certain such awards have vested and most of the remaining liability-classified awards will vest by the end of 2026. After the Company’s shareholders approved additional shares under the Plan in May 2025, the Company stopped issuing liability-classified, long-term incentive compensation awards, which will help to reduce future earnings volatility. 26 Table of Contents Other Income, Net, Interest Expense and Income Tax (Expense) Benefit Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Other income, net $ 27.5 $ 19.9 Interest expense (55.0) (89.1) Income tax (expense) benefit (61.4) 50.7 Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased $7.6 million compared to the same period in 2024. Interest expense decreased $34.1 million in 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower outstanding debt driven by the early payoff of the Term Loan B in the first quarter of 2025, as discussed further in Liquidity and Capital Resources . The effective income tax rate was 30.0% for 2025 compared to 29.3% for 2024. The items that caused a higher effective tax rate in 2025 as compared to 2024 were primarily higher non-deductible expenses, partially offset by higher earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests (for which income taxes are not the responsibility of the Company), federal income tax credits and state income taxes. For a further discussion of income taxes, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is provided by available cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, credit facilities and access to capital markets. We have a committed line of credit totaling $170.0 million, which may be used for revolving loans, letters of credit and/or general purposes. We believe that cash generated from operations, along with our unused credit capacity and available cash balances as of December 31, 2025, will be sufficient to fund working capital needs, dividends, share repurchases, and debt maturities for the next 12 months and beyond, as discussed further in Debt below. During the first quarter of 2025, we voluntarily repaid the remaining $121.9 million outstanding balance of the Term Loan B. We generated a record amount of operating cash in 2025, as discussed below in Cash and Working Capital . We expect strong annual operating cash flow to continue in future years, both from project execution activities and the resolution of outstanding claims and change orders. In addition, we expect to continue to benefit from the utilization of available net operating loss carryforwards to reduce our cash outflows for income taxes. Cash and Working Capital Cash and cash equivalents were $734.6 million as of December 31, 2025 compared to $455.1 million as of December 31, 2024. Cash immediately available for general corporate purposes was $270.7 million and $265.6 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, with the remainder being amounts held by our consolidated joint ventures and also our proportionate share of cash held by our unconsolidated joint ventures. Cash held by our joint ventures is available only for joint venture-related uses, including distributions to joint venture partners. In addition, our restricted cash and restricted investments totaled $264.6 million as of December 31, 2025 compared to $149.1 million as of December 31, 2024. Restricted cash and restricted investments at December 31, 2025 were primarily held to secure insurance-related contingent obligations and deposits. During the year ended December 31, 2025, net cash provided by operating activities was $748.1 million, compared to $503.5 million in 2024, representing an increase of $244.6 million, or 49%. The operating cash flow for 2025 was the largest result for any year since the merger between Tutor-Saliba Corporation and Perini Corporation in 2008, and represented the fourth consecutive year of record operating cash flow. The record operating cash flow in 2025 was primarily driven by strong collections on newer and ongoing projects, reflecting a significant increase in project execution and improved working capital management, with additional contributions from a reduction in costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings due to the resolution of certain legacy matters. The operating cash flow in 2024 was primarily driven by collections associated with dispute resolutions. As noted above, cash flow from operating activities increased $244.6 million when comparing 2025 with 2024. The increase in cash flow from operating activities primarily reflects higher cash generated by earning sources, partially offset by a smaller decrease in net project working capital in 2025 compared to 2024. The smaller decrease in net project working capital in 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to current-year increases in accounts receivable, other current assets and retention receivable compared to decreases last year, mostly offset by a larger current-year increase in billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings compared to last year. While both periods were positively impacted by collections associated with previously disputed matters, such collections were significant in 2024 whereas they were comparatively lower in 2025. 27 Table of Contents Net cash used in investing activities during 2025 was $257.3 million, which was primarily due to the acquisition of property and equipment (i.e., capital expenditures) totaling $180.9 million, mostly related to owner-funded equipment on newer projects, and net cash used in investment transactions of $85.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of $8.9 million. Net cash used in investing activities during 2024 was $40.7 million, which was primarily due to the acquisition of property and equipment totaling $37.4 million and net cash used in investment transactions of $8.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of $4.8 million. Net cash used in financing activities during 2025 was $184.8 million, which was primarily driven by a $130.8 million net repayment of debt (including the $121.9 million repayment of the remaining balance on the Term Loan B discussed below in Debt) and $51.7 million of cash distributions to noncontrolling interests. Net cash used in financing activities during 2024 was $393.3 million, which was primarily driven by a $354.6 million net repayment of debt, $25.1 million of payments for debt issuance costs related to debt transactions during the year and $23.3 million of cash distributions to noncontrolling interests, partially offset by $15.2 million of cash contributions from noncontrolling interests. As of December 31, 2025, we had working capital of $0.9 billion, a ratio of current assets to current liabilities of 1.27 and a ratio of debt to equity of 0.32 compared to working capital of $1.0 billion, a ratio of current assets to current liabilities of 1.41 and a ratio of debt to equity of 0.46 at December 31, 2024. Debt Summarized below are the key terms of our debt as of December 31, 2025. For additional information, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, as applicable. 2024 Senior Notes Issuance and 2017 Senior Notes Redemption On April 22, 2024, the Company issued $400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 11.875% Senior Notes due April 30, 2029 (the “2024 Senior Notes”) in a private placement offering. Interest on the 2024 Senior Notes is payable in arrears semi-annually in April and October of each year, beginning in October 2024. Proceeds from the 2024 Senior Notes were used to redeem the 2017 Senior Notes (as discussed below). Prior to April 30, 2026, the Company may redeem the 2024 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus a “make-whole” premium described in the indenture. In addition, prior to April 30, 2026, the Company may redeem up to 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes at a redemption price of 111.875% of their principal amount with the “net cash proceeds” received by the Company from one or more equity offerings, as described in the indenture. On or after April 30, 2026, the Company may redeem the 2024 Senior Notes at specified redemption prices described in the indenture. If the Company experiences certain change of control events, holders of the 2024 Senior Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or part of the 2024 Senior Notes at 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. The 2024 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed by the Company’s existing and future subsidiaries that also guarantee obligations under the Company’s 2020 Credit Agreement. In addition, the indenture for the 2024 Senior Notes provides for customary covenants and includes customary events of default. The proceeds of the 2024 Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem in full, all of the outstanding obligations in respect of the 2017 Senior Notes. The redemption of the 2017 Senior Notes occurred on May 2, 2024 (the “2017 Senior Notes Redemption”). 2020 Credit Agreement On August 18, 2020, the Company entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the “2020 Credit Agreement”) with BMO Bank N.A. (f/k/a BMO Harris Bank N.A.), as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer and other lenders. The 2020 Credit Agreement originally provided for a $425.0 million term loan B facility (the “Term Loan B”) and a $175.0 million revolving credit facility (the “Revolver”), which was subsequently reduced to $170.0 million following the effectiveness of the 2024 Amendment (as defined and discussed below), with sub-limits for the issuance of letters of credit and swing line loans up to the aggregate amounts of $75.0 million and $10.0 million, respectively. Prior to the 2017 Senior Notes Redemption, if any of the 2017 Senior Notes had remained outstanding beyond certain dates, the maturities of the Term Loan B and the Revolver would have been subject to acceleration (“spring-forward maturity”). However, following the 2017 Senior Notes Redemption and the consummation of the 2024 Amendment, the spring-forward maturity of the Term Loan B is no longer in effect and the spring-forward maturity of the Revolver has been extended (as described below). 28 Table of Contents On April 15, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment in respect of the 2020 Credit Agreement (the “2024 Amendment”) which, among other changes, (1) extends the existing Revolver maturity date from August 18, 2025 to (a) if any tranche of the Term Loan B, any incremental term loan or any refinancing term loan (or any refinancing or replacement thereof) remains outstanding, the earlier of (i) May 20, 2027 and (ii) the date that is ninety (90) days prior to the final maturity of any tranche of the Term Loan B, any incremental term loan or any refinancing term loan (or any refinancing or replacement thereof), as applicable, and (b) if no obligations are outstanding with respect to any tranche of the Term Loan B, any incremental term loan or any refinancing term loan, August 18, 2027 and (2) permanently reduces the aggregate commitments in respect of the Revolver by $5.0 million from $175.0 million to $170.0 million. The 2024 Amendment became effective on May 2, 2024 upon the completion of the 2017 Senior Notes Redemption. Subject to certain exceptions, at any time prior to maturity, the 2020 Credit Agreement provides the Company with the right to increase the commitments under the Revolver and/or to establish one or more term loan facilities in an aggregate amount up to (i) the greater of $173.5 million and 50% LTM EBITDA (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement) plus (ii) additional amounts if (A) in the case of pari passu first lien secured indebtedness, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement) does not exceed 1.35:1.00, (B) in the case of junior lien secured indebtedness, the Total Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement, does not exceed 3.50:1.00, and (C) in the case of unsecured indebtedness, (x) the Total Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.50:1.00 or (y) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement) is no less than 2.00:1.00. The balances of indebtedness used in the calculations of the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio and the Total Net Leverage Ratio include offsets for cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2025, the Revolver had unused available borrowing capacity of $170.0 million, and the outstanding balance of the 2024 Senior Notes was $400.0 million. During the first quarter of 2025, the Company voluntarily repaid the remaining $121.9 million outstanding balance of the Term Loan B. Borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement bear interest at variable rates, which have increased since the latter part of 2022 due to changes in market conditions that resulted in increases in the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) (and the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) prior to the transition to SOFR), in the case of the Term Loan B, and the administrative agent’s prime lending rate, in the case of the Revolver. Effective May 2, 2023, the 2020 Credit Agreement was amended to transition the Company’s original LIBOR option in respect of the Term Loan B to Adjusted Term SOFR. The average borrowing rates on the Term Loan B and the Revolver for the year ended December 31, 2025 were approximately 9.2% and 10.8%, r esp ectively. At December 31, 2025, the borrowing rate on the Revolver was 10.0%. For more information regarding the terms of our 2020 Credit Agreement, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The table below presents our actual and required First Lien Net Leverage Ratio under the 2020 Credit Agreement for the period, which is calculated on a rolling four-quarter basis: Trailing Four Fiscal Quarters Ended December 31, 2025 Actual (a) Required First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (0.66) to 1.00 < or = 2.25 : 1.00 _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ (a) The ratio was negative because the Company’s cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate purposes exceeded secured Indebtedness, resulting in negative First Lien Net Indebtedness, both as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, we were in compliance and expect to continue to be in compliance with the covenants under the 2020 Credit Agreement. Equipment Financing and Mortgages The Company has certain loans entered into for the purchase of specific property, plant and equipment and secured by the assets purchased. The aggregate balance of equipment financing loans was approximately $13.1 million and $19.3 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, with interest rates ranging from 2.54% to 7.32% with equal monthly installment payments over periods up to 5 years. The aggregate balance of mortgage loans was approximately $5.1 million and $5.8 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, with interest rates of SOFR plus 2.00% and monthly installment payments over periods up to 10 years. 29 Table of Contents Dividends In November 2025, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share payable on December 23, 2025 to all shareholders of record as of December 9, 2025. Total dividends declared in 2025 amounted to $3.4 million, including $0.3 million of accrued dividends relating to unvested share-based awards that are payable at the time of vesting. Share Repurchase Program In November 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a $200 million share repurchase program. Under this program, the Company plans to purchase outstanding common shares from time to time in open market transactions or through privately negotiated transactions at the Company’s discretion, subject to market conditions and other factors and at such times and in amounts that the Company deems appropriate. There were no share repurchases under this program in 2025. Contractual Obligations Our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2025 include: • Debt obligations of $425.4 million (of which $14.6 million are due in 2026) and interest payments of $168.4 million (of which $48.4 million are due in 2026) based on rates in effect as of December 31, 2025. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of our debt and the timing of expected future principal and interest payments. • Operating lease obligations of $84.9 million (of which $16.5 million are due in 2026). See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of our lease obligations and the timing of expected future payments. Critical Accounting Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are based on information available through the date of the issuance of the financial statements; accordingly, actual results in future periods could differ from these estimates. Significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to the following critical accounting policies: Method of Accounting for Contracts — Contract revenue is recognized over time using the cost-to-cost method which measures progress towards completion based on the ratio of contract costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs for each performance obligation. The estimates used in accounting for contracts with customers require judgment and assumptions regarding both future events and the evaluation of contingencies such as the impact of change orders, liability claims, other contract disputes, the achievement of contractual performance standards and potential variances in project schedule and costs. Changes to the total estimated contract cost, either due to unexpected events or revisions to management’s initial estimates, for a given project are recognized in the period in which they are determined. In certain instances, we provide guaranteed completion dates and/or achievement of other performance criteria. Failure to meet schedule or performance guarantees could result in unrealized incentive fees and/or liquidated damages. In addition, depending on the type of contract, unexpected increases in contract cost may be unrecoverable, resulting in total cost exceeding revenue realized from the projects. The Company generally provides limited warranties for work performed, with warranty periods typically extending for a limited duration following substantial completion of the Company’s work on a project. Historically, warranty claims have not resulted in material costs incurred. 30 Table of Contents Claims arising from construction contracts have been made against the Company by customers, and the Company has made claims against customers for costs incurred in excess of current contract provisions. The Company recognizes revenue for claims as variable consideration in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”). Assumptions as to the occurrence of future events and the likelihood and amount of variable consideration are made during the contract performance period. Estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to management. Estimated amounts are only included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Back charges to suppliers or subcontractors are recognized as a reduction of cost when it is determined that recovery of such cost is probable and the amounts can be reliably estimated. Disputed back charges are recognized when the same requirements described above for variable consideration have been satisfied. See Executive Overview and Results of Segment Operations sections for further discussion and quantification of material charges related to changes in estimates resulting from legal judgments or decisions, settlements and other project charges. Construction Joint Ventures — Certain contracts are executed through joint ventures. The arrangements are often formed for the execution of single contracts or projects and allow the Company to share risks and secure specialty skills required for project execution. In accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation (“ASC 810”) the Company assesses its joint ventures at inception to determine if any meet the qualifications of a variable interest entity (“VIE”). The Company considers a joint venture a VIE if either (a) the total equity investment is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (b) characteristics of a controlling financial interest are missing (either the ability to make decisions through voting or other rights, the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity), or (c) the voting rights of the equity holders are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity and/or their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity and substantially all of the entity’s activities either involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. Upon the occurrence of certain events outlined in ASC 810, the Company reassesses its initial determination of whether the joint venture is a VIE. The Company also evaluates whether it is the primary beneficiary of each VIE and consolidates the VIE if the Company has both (a) the power to direct the economically significant activities of the entity and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company considers the contractual agreements that define the ownership structure, distribution of profits and losses, risks, responsibilities, indebtedness, voting rights and board representation of the respective parties in determining whether it qualifies as the primary beneficiary. The Company also considers all parties that have direct or implicit variable interests when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary. When the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary, the VIE is consolidated. In accordance with ASC 810, management’s assessment of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE is performed continuously. For construction joint ventures that do not need to be fully consolidated but qualify for the equity method of accounting, the Company accounts for its interest in the joint ventures using the proportionate consolidation method, whereby the Company’s proportionate share of the joint ventures’ assets, liabilities, revenue and cost of operations are included in the appropriate classifications in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. See Note 1(b) and Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding VIEs. Recoverability of Goodwill — Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid over the fair value of net assets acquired from an acquisition. In order to determine the amount of goodwill resulting from an acquisition, we perform an assessment to determine the value of the acquired company's tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities. In our assessment, we determine whether identifiable intangible assets exist, which typically include backlog, customer relationships and trade names. We test goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 of each year. This test requires us to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit carrying goodwill using income and market approaches, and to compare the calculated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, which is equal to the reporting unit’s net assets. If the calculated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge equal to the difference. The impairment evaluation process requires assumptions that are subject to a high degree of judgment such as revenue growth rates, profitability levels, discount rates, industry market multiples and weighted-average cost of capital. Changes in these assumptions would impact the results of our impairment tests. 31 Table of Contents During interim periods, including those subsequent to the Company’s October 1 annual test date, we evaluate events and circumstances, including, but not limited to, an examination of macroeconomic conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance by each reporting unit, other relevant entity-specific events, and trends in the stock prices of our Company and peers to determine if such factors indicate that it is likely that the goodwill for one or more of our reporting units is impaired, thus warranting the performance of a quantitative impairment test sooner than the fourth quarter of the year. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we conducted our annual goodwill impairment test and determined that goodwill was not impaired since the estimated fair value of the Civil reporting unit exceeded its net book value by a significant amount. However, there is a risk of goodwill impairment if future events are less favorable than what we assumed or estimated in our impairment analysis. The Company has considered relevant events and circumstances since the annual goodwill impairment test, including, but not limited to, an examination of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance by each reporting unit, other relevant entity-specific events, and trends in the stock prices of the Company and its peers. In considering the totality of qualitative factors known as of the reporting date, we determined that no triggering events occurred or circumstances changed since our October 1, 2025 annual test that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the Civil reporting unit below its carrying amount. We will continue to monitor events occurring or circumstances changing which may suggest that goodwill should be reevaluated. These events and circumstances include, but are not limited to, changes in the overall financial performance of the Civil reporting unit and other quantitative and qualitative factors specific to the Civil reporting unit which indicate potential triggering events that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the Civil reporting unit below its carrying amount. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading, speculation or other purposes that would expose the Company to market risk. In the normal course of business, our results of operations are exposed to certain market risks, primarily associated with fluctuations in interest rates. Borrowings under our 2020 Credit Agreement and certain other debt obligations have variable interest rates subject to interest rate risk. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our 2020 Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, we did not have any significant outstanding borrowings with variable interest rates. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Consolidated Financial Statements are set forth in Item 15 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures — An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined by Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2025 was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in that they are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in such reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 32 Table of Contents Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting — Our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). In designing and evaluating our system of internal control over financial reporting, we recognize that inherent limitations exist in any control system no matter how well designed and operated, and we can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In making this assessment, management utilized the criteria issued in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission . Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. Deloitte & Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting — There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 33 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Tutor Perini Corporation Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Tutor Perini Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, of the Company and our report dated February 26, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Los Angeles, California February 26, 2026 34 Table of Contents ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Trading Plans During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, no director or Section 16 officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) . ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of 2025 under the sections entitled Board of Director Nominees, Delinquent Section 16(a) Report, Corporate Governance and Executive Officers . We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive, principal financial and principal accounting officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website located at http://investors.tutorperini.com/corporate-governance/overview/default.aspx. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics granted to executive officers and directors, on the website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures, which govern the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and other covered persons and are designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to us. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of 2025 under the sections entitled Executive Officers, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation, CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure, Pay Versus Performance and Director Compensation. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of 2025 under the sections entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information for 2025 and Ownership of Common Stock by Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of 2025 under the sections entitled Board of Director Nominees, Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions . ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of 2025 under the section entitled Fees Paid to Audit Firm. 35 Table of Contents PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Tutor Perini Corporation and Subsidiaries (a) List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report. 1.           Financial Statements: Our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 and our Consolidated Statements of Operations, Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flows, and Changes in Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 and the Notes thereto, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34 ) on those Consolidated Financial Statements are hereby filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, beginning on page F-1. 2.           Financial Statement Schedules: All consolidated financial statement schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and in the Notes thereto. 3.           Exhibits: See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. (b) Exhibits. EXHIBIT INDEX The following designated exhibits are, as indicated below, either filed herewith or have heretofore been filed with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and are referred to and incorporated herein by reference to such filings. Exhibit 3. Articles of Incorporation and By-laws 3.1 Restated Articles of Organization of Tutor Perini Corporation, as filed with the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts on May 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2024) . 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws of Tutor Perini Corporation, dated as of May 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2024). Exhibit 4. Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 4.1 Shareholders Agreement, dated April 2, 2008, by and among Tutor Perini Corporation, Ronald N. Tutor and the shareholders of Tutor-Saliba Corporation signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2008). 4.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Shareholders Agreement, dated September 17, 2010, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Ronald N. Tutor, as shareholder representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2010). 4.3 Amendment No. 2 to the Shareholders Agreement, dated June 2, 2011, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Ronald N. Tutor, as shareholder representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2011). 4.4 Amendment No. 3 to the Shareholders Agreement, dated September 13, 2011, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Ronald N. Tutor, as shareholder representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2011). 4.5 Indenture, dated April 22, 2024, among Tutor Perini Corporation, the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2024). 4.6 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2025 ) . Exhibit 10. Material Contracts 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2020, among Tutor Perini Corporation, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2020). 10.2 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2022). 10.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2023). 36 Table of Contents 10.4 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2023). 10.5 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2024). 10.6 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on April 25, 2024). 10.7 Commercial Lease Agreement, dated April 18, 2014, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Ronald N. Tutor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2014). 10.8 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated January 15, 2015, by and between Ronald N. Tutor and the Ronald N. Tutor Separate Property Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2020). 10.9 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated March 3, 2015, by and between the Ronald N. Tutor Separate Property Trust and Kristra Investments, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2020). 10.10 First Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement, dated October 7, 2020, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Aliaron Investments, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2020). 10.11 Second Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement, dated December 28, 2020, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Aliaron Investments, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2021). 10.12 Second Amendment to Fontana Property Lease Agreement, dated December 28, 2020, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Aliaron Investments, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2021). 10.13 Third Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Aliaron Investments, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2021). 10.14* Tutor Perini Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2025). 10.15* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2022). 10.16* Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2022). 10.17* Form of Cash-Settled Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2022). 10.18* Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on April 25, 2024). 10.19* Amendment to Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated June 13, 2024, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Ronald N. Tutor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 1, 2024). 10.20* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of June 1, 2021, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Ronald N. Tutor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) . 10.21* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2023, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Gary G. Smalley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2024). 10.22* Letter Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2023, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Ryan J. Soroka (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2024). 10.23* Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Bonus Agreement, effective as of October 1, 2023, by and between Tutor Perini Corporation and Kristiyan Assouri (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2025). 10.24* Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 (File No. 333-111338) filed on February 10, 2004). 10.25* Form of Separation Benefits Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2025). 10.26* Form of Employment Letter Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2025). Exhibit 19.1 Insider Trading Policy ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 to Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2025). Exhibit 19.2 Insider Trading Procedures (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.2 to Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2025). Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of Tutor Perini Corporation. 37 Table of Contents Exhibit 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Exhibit 24 Power of Attorney executed by members of the Company’s Board of Directors allowing certain individuals to sign the Company’s Form 10-K on their behalf. Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 32.1† Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 32.2† Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 97 Tutor Perini Corporation Officer Compensation Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2024). Exhibit 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Exhibit 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Exhibit 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ *    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement †    Furnished herewith ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 38 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Tutor Perini Corporation (Registrant) Date: February 26, 2026 By : /s/ Ryan J. Soroka Ryan J. Soroka Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date = Principal Executive Officer and Director /s/ Gary G. Smalley Gary G. Smalley Director, Chief Executive Officer and President February 26, 2026 l Principal Financial Officer /s/ Ryan J. Soroka Ryan J. Soroka Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 26, 2026 = Principal Accounting Officer /s/ Henry Dieu Henry Dieu Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 26, 2026 = Other Directors Peter Arkley ) Jigisha Desai ) Sidney J. Feltenstein ) Robert C. Lieber ) Dennis D. Oklak ) /s/ Ryan J. Soroka Raymond R. Oneglia ) Ryan J. Soroka Dale A. Reiss ) Attorney in Fact Shahrokh Shah ) Ronald N. Tutor ) Dated: February 26, 2026 39 Table of Contents TUTOR PERINI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Consolidated Financial Statements of the Registrant Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 2 Consolidated Statements of Operations F- 4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income ( Loss ) F- 5 Consolidated Balance Sheets F- 6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F- 7 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity F- 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 9 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Tutor Perini Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tutor Perini Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and changes in equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 26, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Revenue, Accounts Receivable, Contract Assets and Liabilities — Accounting for Construction Contracts – Refer to Notes 1, 3, 4, and 8 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company recognizes revenue for construction contracts over the contract term (“over time”) as construction work progresses. The accounting for these contracts involves judgment, particularly as it relates to the process of determining total estimated revenue (transaction price) and estimating total costs to be incurred at contract completion. Costs of operations are typically recognized as incurred, and the Company’s revenues, including estimated profits, are recorded proportionately as costs are incurred based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion for the respective performance obligations. Assumptions as to the occurrence of future events and the likelihood and amount of variable consideration, including the impact of change orders, claims, contract disputes and the achievement of contractual performance criteria, and award or other incentive fees are made during the contract performance period (collectively referred to as “variable consideration”). The Company estimates variable consideration at the most likely amount it expects to receive and includes estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Also, the Company often engages subcontractors, suppliers, or

--- VENDORS ---
vendors; foreign currency controls and fluctuations; trade restrictions; economic and trade sanctions; logistical challenges; variations in taxes; and changes in labor conditions, labor strikes and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations. Failure to successfully manage risks associated with our international operations could result in higher operating costs than anticipated or could delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and income from construction operations in key international markets. The U.S. federal government has approved various spending bills for the construction of defense- and diplomacy-related projects and has allocated significant funds to the defense of U.S. interests around the world from the threat of terrorism. The federal government has also approved funds for development in conjunction with the relocation of military personnel into Guam. However, federal government funding levels for construction projects in the Middle East have decreased significantly over the past several years as the U.S. government has reduced the number of military troops and support personnel in the region. As a result, we have seen a decrease in the number and size of federal government projects available to us in this region. Any decrease in U.S. federal government funding for projects in Guam or in other U.S. Territories or countries in which we are pursuing work may result in project delays or cancellations, which could reduce our revenue and earnings. 13 Table of Contents Our participation in construction joint ventures exposes us to liability and/or harm to our reputation for failures by our partners. As part of our business, we enter into joint venture arrangements typically to jointly bid on and execute particular projects, thereby reducing our risk profile while enhancing execution capabilities and increasing surety bonding capacity. Success on these joint projects depends in large part on whether our joint venture partners satisfy their contractual obligations and comply with all applicable regulatory requirements. Generally, we and our joint venture partners are jointly and severally liable for all liabilities and obligations of our joint ventures. If a joint venture partner fails to perform or is financially unable to bear its portion of required capital contributions or other obligations, including liabilities stemming from lawsuits, we could be required to make additional investments, provide additional services or pay more than our proportionate share of a liability to make up for our partner’s shortfall. Further, if we are unable to adequately address our partner’s performance issues, the customer may terminate the project, which could result in legal liability to us, harm our reputation, reduce our profit on a project or, in some cases, result in a loss. We may not fully realize the revenue value reported in our backlog due to cancellations or reductions in scope, including as a result of government-related mandates. As of December 31, 2025, our backlog of uncompleted construction work was approximately $20.6 billion. The revenue currently projected in our backlog may not be fully realized and, if realized, may not result in profits or may be less profitable than expected. The cancellation or reduction in scope of significant projects included in our backlog could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Competition for new project awards is intense, and our failure to compete effectively could reduce our market share and profits. New project awards are determined through either a competitive bid basis or on a negotiated basis. Projects may be awarded based solely upon price, but often take into account other factors, such as technical qualifications, proposed project team, schedule and past performance on similar projects. Within our industry, we compete with many international, regional and local construction firms. If we are unable to compete successfully in such markets, our relative market share and profits could be reduced. In addition, evolving changes in the construction industry, such as the trend toward an increased use of the progressive design-build project delivery method that may reduce project risks for both owners and contractors, could result in increased competition and potentially lower margins on certain projects in the future. We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, there is no assurance that our policies and procedures will protect us from circumstances or actions that could result in possible criminal penalties or other sanctions, including contract cancellations or debarment, and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Public health crises, such as COVID-19, have adversely impacted, and could in the future adversely impact, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises can adversely impact our business or the business of our suppliers, subcontractors or customers. For example, particularly in 2020 and 2021, COVID-19 created volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption for the Company, our customers, subcontractors and suppliers, and the markets in which we do business, and certain of the impacts of this disruption have continued. COVID-19 also caused delays in certain bidding activities and contract awards, particularly for large civil projects, which adversely affected both our revenue and our backlog. We also faced substantial postponements and other delays in legal proceedings and settlement discussions where we have claims against project owners for additional costs exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in the original contract price. Consequently, our ability to resolve and recover on these types of claims has been and may continue to be delayed, which may adversely affect our liquidity and financial results . While the adverse effects of COVID-19 have largely subsided, should future public health crises occur, this could have a further adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, any future volatile economic conditions resulting from public health crises could also aggravate or heighten the risks posed by other

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our projects, including earthwork, excavation, concrete forming and placement, steel erection, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), and fire protection. During 2025, we performed work on approximately 1,600 construction projects. We are recognized as one of the leading civil contractors in the United States, as evidenced by our performance on several of the country’s largest mass-transit and transportation projects, such as Newark Liberty International Airport’s AirTrain Replacement project and new Terminal A (“Newark Airport Terminal A”), various components of the East Side Access project, along with the Midtown Bus Terminal Replacement - Phase 1 project, and the Manhattan Tunnel project, all in New York, the Minneapolis Southwest Light Rail project (also known as the METRO Green Line Extension), the California High-Speed Rail System, the Alaskan Way Viaduct Replacement (the “SR 99”) project in Seattle, major portions of the Red Line and Purple Line subway segments of the Los Angeles Metro system, the San Francisco Central Subway extension to Chinatown, and the City Center Guideway and Stations project in Hawaii. We are also recognized as one of the major building contractors in the United States, as evidenced by our performance on several of the country’s largest building development projects, including Hudson Yards and the new Brooklyn and Manhattan Jail projects in New York City, the CityCenter complex and the Cosmopolitan Resort and Casino, both in Las Vegas, as well as several major technology, healthcare and educational facilities in California for prominent customers. Our strengths and expertise in the construction of civil and building infrastructure projects have been augmented by our vertical integration capabilities, which we established more than a decade ago through the acquisitions of various business entities specializing in electrical, mechanical, plumbing, HVAC and other services that enhance our market capabilities and expand our geographic presence. Our vertical integration capabilities, which also involve close interactions between our Civil and Building segment resources on large, complex projects, are a competitive advantage that allow us to self-perform a greater amount of work than our competitors. These capabilities also increase our competitiveness in bidding and our efficiency in managing and executing large projects, and provide us with significant cross-selling opportunities across a broad geographic footprint. 3 Table of Contents Business Segment Overview Our business is conducted through three segments: Civil, Building and Specialty Contractors. Civil Segment Our Civil segment specializes in public works construction and the replacement and reconstruction of infrastructure across several major geographic regions of the United States. Our civil contracting services include construction and rehabilitation of highways, bridges, tunnels, mass-transit systems, military and other government facilities, and water management and wastewater treatment facilities. The Civil segment is composed of the heavy civil construction operations of Tutor Perini and its subsidiaries, Black Construction, Frontier-Kemper Constructors (“Frontier-Kemper”), Lunda Construction and Becho. Our heavy civil units operate primarily on the West and East Coasts of the United States and are engaged in a variety of large mass-transit, tunneling, bridge and highway projects. Black Construction is the largest contractor in Guam and provides a variety of predominantly heavy civil, building, mechanical and electrical construction services throughout the Asia-Pacific region and in other strategic military locations. Frontier-Kemper is a heavy civil contractor engaged in the construction of tunnels for highways, railroads, subways and rapid transit systems; the construction of shafts and other facilities for water supply, wastewater transport and hydroelectric projects; and the development and equipping of mines with innovative hoisting, elevator and vertical conveyance systems. Lunda Construction is a heavy civil contractor specializing in the construction, rehabilitation and maintenance of bridges, railroads and other civil structures throughout the United States. Becho is engaged in drilling, foundation and excavation support for shoring, bridges, piers, roads and highway projects, primarily in the southwestern United States. Our Civil segment’s customers primarily award contracts through one of two methods: the traditional public “competitive bid” method, in which price is the major determining factor, or through a best value proposal, where contracts are awarded based on a combination of technical qualifications, proposed project team, schedule, past performance on similar projects and price. Traditionally, our Civil segment’s customers require each contractor to pre-qualify for construction business by meeting criteria that include technical capabilities and financial strength. Our financial strength, outstanding record of performance on challenging civil works projects, and vertical integration capabilities often enable us to pre-qualify for projects in situations where smaller, less diversified contractors are unable to meet the qualification requirements. We believe this is a competitive advantage that allows us to self-perform a greater amount of work and makes us an ideal lead contractor for the largest, most complex infrastructure projects and on prestigious design-build, design-build-operate-maintain and public-private partnership projects. We have been active in civil construction since 1894 and believe we have a particular expertise in large, complex civil construction projects. We are currently working on or have completed some of the most significant civil construction projects in the United States. For example, we are working on the first phase of the California High-Speed Rail project, the Purple Line Segments 2 and 3 subway expansion projects in Los Angeles, the Minneapolis Southwest Light Rail project, the City Center Guideway and Stations project in Honolulu, and the Midtown Bus Terminal Replacement, the Newark AirTrain Replacement, and the Kensico-Eastview Connection Tunnel projects, all in New York. In addition, we have completed other major projects, including various components of the East Side Access project in New York City; the Newark Airport Terminal A project; the San Francisco Central Subway extension to Chinatown; the SR 99 project in Seattle; the platform over the eastern rail yard at Hudson Yards in New York City; the rehabilitation of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge in New York City; and runway reconstruction projects at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Los Angeles International Airport and Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. We believe the Civil segment provides us with significant opportunities for growth due to the condition of existing infrastructure coupled with large government funding sources dedicated to the replacement and reconstruction of aging U.S. infrastructure. In addition, infrastructure programs generally garner popular, bipartisan support from the public and elected officials due to their lasting economic benefits, including significant job creation. Funding for major Civil segment infrastructure projects is typically provided through a combination of one or more of the following: local, regional, state and federal loans and grants; other direct allocations sourced through tax revenue; bonds; user fees; and, for certain projects, private capital. 4 Table of Contents The bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (the “Bipartisan Infrastructure Law”) was enacted into law in November 2021 and provided for $1.2 trillion of federal infrastructure funding, including $550 billion in new spending for improvements to the country’s surface-transportation network and enhancements to core infrastructure. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law initiated the largest federal investment in public transit ever, the single largest dedicated bridge investment since the construction of the interstate highway system and the largest federal investment in passenger rail since the creation of Amtrak, all in addition to providing for regular annual spending for numerous infrastructure projects. This significant incremental funding is anticipated to be spent over the 10 years from its enactment through 2031, and much of it is allocated for investment in end markets that are directly aligned with our market focus. Accordingly, we believe that this significant funding has benefited, and will continue to favorably impact, our current work and prospective opportunities over the next decade. While the current funding window for the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law closes on September 30, 2026, we believe that Congress recognizes the long-term nature of infrastructure work and is already engaged in the legislative process to secure future funding beyond that date, although any amount and composition of such future funding is yet to be determined. In addition, various existing projects and future project opportunities in Guam and the Indo-Pacific region are being funded by the U.S. government’s Pacific Deterrence Initiative, which provides substantial multi-year funding to support significant improvements that enhance the U.S. military’s infrastructure and readiness. Building Segment Our Building segment has significant experience providing services to several specialized building markets for private and public works customers, including hospitality and gaming, transportation, healthcare, commercial offices, government facilities, sports and entertainment, education, correctional and detention facilities, biotech, pharmaceutical, industrial and technology. We believe the success of the Building segment results from our proven ability to manage and perform large, complex projects with aggressive fast-track schedules, elaborate designs, and advanced mechanical, electrical and life safety systems, while providing accurate budgeting and strict quality control. We believe our strong reputation, long-standing customer relationships, competitive pricing and significant level of repeat and referral business have enabled us to achieve a leading position in the marketplace. We are a recognized leader in the hospitality and gaming market, specializing in the construction of high-end resorts and casinos. We work with hotel operators, Native American tribal councils, developers and architectural firms to provide diversified construction services to meet the challenges of new construction and renovation of hotel and resort properties. We believe that our reputation for completing projects on time is a significant competitive advantage in this market, as any delay in project completion could result in significant loss of revenue for the customer. The Building segment is composed of several operating units that provide general contracting, design-build, preconstruction and construction services in various regions of the United States. Rudolph and Sletten, one of our general contracting firms, focuses on large, complex projects in California in the healthcare, commercial office, technology, industrial, education, and government facilities markets. Tutor Perini Building Corp. focuses on large, complex building projects nationwide, including significant projects in the hospitality and gaming, commercial office, education, government facilities, and multi-unit residential markets. Roy Anderson Corp. provides general contracting services, including major disaster response and reconstruction support, to public and private customers primarily throughout the southeastern United States. Perini Management Services provides diversified construction and design-build services internationally to U.S. government agencies, as well as to surety companies and multi-national corporations. We are currently working on or have completed various large private and public building projects across a wide array of end markets. Specific projects include the Brooklyn and Manhattan Jail projects in New York City; Newark Airport Terminal A; the LAX/Metro Transit Center Station in Los Angeles, California; three large corporate office buildings in northern California for prominent technology companies; a commercial office tower and a multi-unit residential tower, both at Hudson Yards in New York City; the Cedars-Sinai Replacement Hospital in Marina Del Rey, California; the UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital in Oakland, California; various Kaiser Permanente hospital buildings throughout California; the Choctaw Casino and Resort in Durant, Oklahoma; the Pechanga Resort and Casino expansion in Temecula, California; and courthouses in San Bernardino and San Diego, California, and in Miami, Florida. As a result of our reputation and track record, we were previously awarded and completed contracts for several marquee hospitality and gaming projects in Las Vegas, including the CityCenter complex, the Cosmopolitan Resort and Casino and the Wynn Encore Hotel. These projects span a wide array of building end markets and illustrate our Building segment’s résumé of successfully completed large-scale public and private projects. 5 Table of Contents Specialty Contractors Segment Our Specialty Contractors segment specializes in electrical, mechanical, plumbing, HVAC and fire protection systems for a full range of civil and building construction projects in the industrial, commercial, hospitality and gaming, and mass-transit end markets. This segment provides unique strengths and vertically integrated service capabilities that position us as a full-service contractor with greater control over project bids and costs, scheduled work, project delivery and risk management. A significant portion of the segment's work has been, and is expected to continue to be, performed for our Civil and Building segments, although the segment also continues to contract directly with state and local municipal agencies, real estate developers, school districts and other commercial and industrial customers. The Specialty Contractors segment is composed of several operating units that provide unique services in various regions of the United States. Five Star Electric (“Five Star”) is an industry leader and one of the largest electrical contractors in the greater New York City metropolitan region. Five Star provides construction services, including power, lighting, fire alarm, security, telecommunications, low voltage and wireless systems to both the public and private sectors. These services are provided across end markets that include multi-unit residential, hotels, commercial offices, industrial, mass-transit, education, retail, sports and entertainment, healthcare and water treatment. Fisk Electric (“Fisk”) covers many of the major commercial, transportation and industrial electrical construction markets in the southwestern and southern United States, with the ability to cover other attractive markets nationwide. Fisk’s expertise is in the design and development of electrical and technology systems for major projects spanning a broad variety of project types, including commercial office buildings, sports arenas, hospitals, research laboratories, hotels and casinos, convention centers, manufacturing plants, refineries, and water and wastewater treatment facilities. WDF, Nagelbush and Desert Mechanical each provide mechanical, plumbing, HVAC and fire protection services to a range of customers in a wide variety of markets, including transportation, commercial offices, industrial, education and residential. WDF is one of the largest mechanical contractors serving the greater New York City metropolitan region. Nagelbush operates primarily in Florida and Desert Mechanical operates primarily in the western United States. Our Specialty Contractors business units are currently working on or have completed various components of the East Side Access project in New York City, upgrades and rehabilitations at various New York City public housing facilities, and various projects at the World Trade Center and at Hudson Yards in New York City. The Specialty Contractors segment is also currently supporting or has supported several large projects in our Civil and Building segments, including the Brooklyn and Manhattan Jail projects in New York City; the Purple Line Segments 2 and 3 subway expansion projects in Los Angeles; Newark Airport Terminal A; the California High Speed Rail project in central California; the SR 99 project in Seattle; the San Francisco Central Subway extension to Chinatown; McCarran International Airport Terminal 3 in Las Vegas; and several marquee hospitality and gaming projects in Las Vegas, including the CityCenter complex, the Cosmopolitan Resort and Casino, and the Wynn Encore Hotel. For information regarding the breakdown of our revenue by segment, end market, customer type and contract type, see Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, financial information about geographic areas is discussed in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Backlog Backlog in our industry is a measure of the total value of work that is remaining to be performed on projects that have been awarded. We include a construction project in our backlog when a contract is awarded or when we have otherwise received written definitive notice that the project has been awarded to us and there are no remaining major uncertainties that the project will proceed (e.g., adequate funding is in place). As a result, we believe our backlog is firm, and although cancellations or scope adjustments may occur, historically they have not been material. We estimate that approximately $6 billion, or approximately 29%, of our backlog as of December 31, 2025 will be recognized as revenue in 2026. Our backlog by segment, end market, customer type and contract type is presented in the following tables: As of December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Backlog by business segment: Civil $ 10,153,716 49 % $ 8,835,634 47 % Building 7,333,354 36 % 7,026,891 38 % Specialty Contractors 3,072,740 15 % 2,811,413 15 % Total backlog $ 20,559,810 100 % $ 18,673,938 100 % 6 Table of Contents As of December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Civil segment backlog by end market: Mass transit (includes certain transportation and tunneling projects) $ 6,307,306 62 % $ 4,985,286 57 % Military facilities 1,109,920 11 % 1,011,066 11 % Water 1,025,427 10 % 1,079,701 12 % Detention facilities 914,021 9 % 871,478 10 % Bridges 604,428 6 % 642,530 7 % Other 192,614 2 % 245,573 3 % Total Civil segment backlog $ 10,153,716 100 % $ 8,835,634 100 % As of December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Building segment backlog by end market: Healthcare facilities $ 3,311,904 45 % $ 2,329,123 33 % Detention facilities 3,266,848 45 % 3,950,644 56 % Government 306,174 4 % 314,610 4 % Education facilities 220,308 3 % 135,008 2 % Mass transit (includes transportation projects) 152,831 2 % 250,856 4 % Other 75,289 1 % 46,650 1 % Total Building segment backlog $ 7,333,354 100 % $ 7,026,891 100 % As of December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Specialty Contractors segment backlog by end market: Detention facilities $ 1,489,710 48 % $ 1,477,338 52 % Mass transit (includes certain transportation and tunneling projects) 580,958 19 % 549,676 20 % Healthcare facilities 289,917 9 % 94,445 3 % Multi-unit residential 223,291 7 % 166,007 6 % Government 175,362 6 % 241,346 8 % Commercial and industrial facilities 148,177 5 % 145,355 5 % Other 165,325 6 % 137,246 6 % Total Specialty Contractors segment backlog $ 3,072,740 100 % $ 2,811,413 100 % As of December 31, 2025 2024 Backlog by customer type: State and local agencies 78 % 77 % Private owners 14 % 15 % Federal agencies 8 % 8 % Total backlog 100 % 100 % As of December 31, 2025 2024 Backlog by contract type: Fixed price 79 % 82 % Guaranteed maximum price 13 % 13 % Unit price 2 % 3 % Cost plus fee and other 6 % 2 % Total backlog 100 % 100 % 7 Table of Contents Fixed price contracts, particularly with federal, state and local government customers, are expected to continue to represent a sizable percentage of total backlog. Competition While the construction markets include numerous competitors, especially for small to mid-sized projects, much of the work that we target is for larger, more complex projects where there are typically fewer active market participants due to the greater capabilities and resources required to perform the work. We believe that our experience, reputation, responsiveness, customer relationships, project completion track record, schedule control, risk management, safety and quality of work are key factors customers consider when awarding contracts. We have seen diminished competition in recent years for large, fixed-price civil infrastructure projects as fewer firms have been pursuing such projects and customers have at times had to make concerted efforts to attract bidders. In our Civil segment, we primarily compete with large civil construction firms, including (alphabetically) FlatironDragados USA; Kiewit Corporation; Lane Construction Corporation; OHL USA; Skanska USA; and The Walsh Group. In our Building segment, we compete with a variety of national and regional contractors, including (alphabetically) AECOM (through its past acquisitions of Tishman Construction and Hunt Construction Group); Balfour Beatty Construction; Clark Construction Group; DPR Construction; Gilbane, Inc.; Hensel Phelps Construction Co.; McCarthy Building Companies, Inc.; M. A. Mortenson Company; PCL Constructors, Inc.; Skanska USA; Suffolk Construction; Swinerton, Inc; Turner Construction Company; and The Whiting-Turner Contracting Co. In our Specialty Contractors segment, we compete principally with various regional and local electrical, mechanical and plumbing subcontractors. Construction Costs We strive to eliminate or minimize exposure to labor and material price increases in our project bids and the manner in which we execute our work. Generally, if prices for materials, labor or equipment increase excessively, provisions in certain types of contracts often shift all or a major portion of any adverse impact to the customer. In our fixed price contracts, we attempt to insulate ourselves from the unfavorable effects of inflation, when possible, by incorporating escalating wage and price assumptions into our construction cost estimates, by obtaining firm fixed price quotes from major subcontractors and material suppliers, by securing purchase commitments for materials early in the project schedule and by including contingency for these risks in our bid price. Construction and other materials used in our construction activities are generally available locally from multiple sources. Labor resources for our domestic projects are largely obtained through various labor unions. We have not experienced significant labor shortages in recent years, nor do we expect to in the near future. Seasonality We experience seasonal trends in our business. Our revenue and operating income are typically higher in the second half of the year. Our first fiscal quarter of the year is typically our lowest revenue quarter, as the harsher winter weather conditions that often occur during this period can negatively impact our ability to execute work and our productivity in parts of North America. Our revenue typically increases during the high construction seasons of the summer and fall months in the United States. Within the United States, as well as in other parts of the world, our business generally benefits from milder weather conditions during our third fiscal quarter, which allows for more productivity from our on-site construction operations. For these reasons, it is not unusual for us to experience seasonal changes or fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. Government Contracts Most of our federal, state and local government customers can terminate, renegotiate, or modify any of their contracts with us at their election, and many of our federal government contracts are subject to renewal or extension periodically. Revenue derived from federal, state and local government customers as a percentage of our total revenue was 75% in 2025, 72% in 2024 and 74% in 2023. Environmental, Health and Safety Regulations Environmental, health and safety regulations and requirements materially affect our business. We are firmly committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for our employees and to working in a manner that ensures the safety of our employees, subcontractors, customers and the general public, as well as the protection of facilities, equipment and the environment. Compliance with Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) and other health and safety regulations, in particular, is essential to procure business and to attract and retain our workforce. Accordingly, we make considerable investments in our environmental, health and safety programs, and we factor costs associated with compliance into our project bids and proposals. 8 Table of Contents We provide construction and construction management services at various project sites, and sometimes perform work in and around sensitive environmental areas, such as rivers, lakes and wetlands. We also handle hazardous materials on occasion. Significant fines, penalties and other sanctions may be imposed for non-compliance with environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, and some laws provide for joint and several strict liabilities for remediation of releases of hazardous substances. Contaminants have been detected at some of the sites that we own and where we have worked as a contractor in the past, and we have incurred costs for the investigation and remediation of hazardous substances. However, we do not own the job sites upon which we perform our work. We have pollution liability insurance coverage for such matters, and if applicable, we seek indemnification from customers to cover the risks associated with environmental remediation. Insurance and Bonding As a normal part of the construction business, we are often contractually required to maintain various insurance coverages, including for our projects. Our wholly owned subsidiary, PCR Insurance Company, issues policies for default insurance for our subcontractors, automobile liability, general liability and workers’ compensation insurance, allowing us to centralize our claims and risk management functions to reduce our insurance-related costs. In addition, for certain larger projects, we typically procure project-specific insurance policies. Separately, property and equipment, including those of our joint ventures, are covered by insurance in amounts that we believe are consistent with our risk of loss and industry practice. We are also often contractually required to provide various types of surety bonds as an additional level of security for our performance. In addition, we require many of our subcontractors to provide surety bonds as security for payment of subcontractors and suppliers and to guarantee their performance. As an alternative to traditional surety bonds, we also have purchased subcontractor default insurance for certain construction projects to insure against the risk of subcontractor default. Human Capital Resources The foundation of our continuing success as a leading construction services business is our ability to attract and retain the industry’s best talent by providing a culture of opportunity, development, accountability and empowerment, and by treating people with respect, dignity and fairness. This understanding guides our approach to managing our human capital resources. Employees. Our principal asset is our employees, many of whom have technical and professional backgrounds and undergraduate and/or advanced degrees. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 7,400 employees (including union employees), of which approximately 2,000 were salaried and 5,400 were hourly employees. The number of employees at any given time depends on the volume and types of active projects in progress, as well as our position within the lifecycle of those projects. We believe that we have strong relationships with our employees and that the quality and level of service that our employees deliver to our customers are among the highest in our industry. Union Workforce. We are signatory to numerous local and regional collective bargaining agreements, both directly and through trade associations, as a union contractor. These agreements cover all necessary union crafts and are subject to various renewal dates. As of December 31, 2025, our workforce included a total of approximately 4,000 union employees. Estimated amounts for wage escalation related to the expiration of union contracts are included in our bids on various projects; accordingly, the expiration of any union contract in the next year is not expected to have any material impact on us. During the past several years, we have not experienced any significant work stoppages caused by our union employees. Talent Recruitment, Training and Retention. Our business relies upon an adequate supply of management, supervisory and field personnel. Recruiting, training and retaining key personnel have been and will remain primary goals of our human capital initiatives. Through the use of management information systems, on-the-job training and educational seminars, employees are trained to understand the importance of project execution. We place a strong emphasis on training employees in accurate and comprehensive project estimating, project management and project cost control. As is common in our industry, we experience some recurring employee turnover each year, which we believe is comparable to the industry average. Historically, we have successfully attracted and retained sufficient numbers of personnel, including union personnel, to support our operational needs. We strive to ensure a fully competent project management team that includes long-term successors to our current project leaders by investing significant resources to build strong and highly competent project managers. We regularly hire construction management and engineering staff, including interns and recent graduates, and provide them with engaging projects and development programs. On the occasion when we have a need for senior project executives, the broad professional network of our leadership team often provides strong candidates to fill those needs. We also utilize internal and external recruiting specialists to help fill our open job positions. To support retention and motivation of our top talent, we provide competitive compensation, which may include performance incentives. 9 Table of Contents Workplace Safety. We place a strong emphasis on the safety of our employees, our customers and the public. Accordingly, we conduct extensive safety training programs that have allowed us to maintain a high safety level at our worksites. All newly hired employees that will be working at project job sites undergo an initial safety orientation, and for certain types of projects or processes we conduct specific hazard training programs. Our project supervisors regularly conduct on-site safety meetings, and our safety managers make random site safety inspections and perform daily assessments. In addition, operational employees are required to complete an OSHA 30-hour training program and project-specific courses on various safety topics. Moreover, we promote a culture of safety by encouraging employees to recognize, immediately correct and report all unsafe conditions. To underscore the importance of safety, a portion of annual performance bonus compensation for certain executive management is directly linked to the achievement of a key safety metric. Our strong overall safety performance also helps to reduce our insurance-related costs. Available Information Our investor website address is http://investors.tutorperini.com. In the “Financial Reports” portion of our investor website, under the subsection “SEC Filings,” you may obtain free electronic copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports. These reports, and any amendments to them, are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of this Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC.

